                               MINUTES
Advisory Ballot Measure to bring back at the appropriate time."

Council Member Holman felt the new language implied Council approval.
The timeframe suggested by the Motion was unrealistic.

Council Member Espinosa recalled Staff indicated they could prepare the
information by the end of October or beginning of November.

Council Member Holman felt the timeline would not allow the Council
sufficient time to gather and review information.

Ms. Stump suggested reversing the order of the items in the Motion to
indicate the Council's priority.

Council Member Holman supported comments of Council Member Burt and
Council Member Schmid. The MacArthur Park Restaurant needed to remain
on site and be a part of the theater district. She noted the theater would be
located on Stanford land and inquired about a lease and terms of a lease.

Council Member Schmid asked if the reason for outreach was the Council's
need for information prior to deciding when to hold the election.

Council Member Espinosa felt the Council needed as much information as
possible before making a decision.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein, Yeh not participating

9.   Approval of Professional Services: 1) Contract with Fukuji Planning and
     Design in Amount of $139,500 for Preliminary Design Concept
     Services; 2) Contract with Sandis Civil Engineers Surveyors Planners in
     the Amount of $16,500 for Traffic Engineering, Civil Engineering and
     Arborist Report Services; and 3) Contract with Fergus Garber Young
     Consultants in the Amount of $85,000 for Urban Design and
     Architectural Services 4) Contract with Metropolitan Planning Group in
     Amount of $45,000 for Project Management for Real Property at 27
     University Avenue to be Funded By the Stanford Medical Center
     Intermodal Transit Funds with a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5165
     totaling $286,000.

Stephen Emslie, Deputy City Manager reported Stanford University raised
issues with items in the scope of the consulting contracts. Stanford felt
these items should be attributed to a separate fund, other than connectivity
funds from the Stanford Medical Center Development Agreement. Staff

                                                                         Page 24 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/24/12
