                               MINUTES
and 25-30 residents between 50 and 60 years old.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) adopt the attached Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO)
increasing the Fiscal Year 2013 Grants and Subsidies budget of the
Commercial Housing In-Lieu Fund by $400,000, transferring $720,220 from
the Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) Infrastructure, Sustainable
Neighborhoods and Communities and Affordable Housing Fund to the
Residential Housing In-Lieu Fund, and increasing the Grants and Subsidies
budget of the Residential Housing In-Lieu Fund by $720,220, 2) approve and
authorize the City Manager or designee to execute in substantially identical
form the attached Acquisition and Development Agreement (ADA) (with
attached form of promissory note, deed of trust and security agreement)
with Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC) to provide a loan of $3,220,220,
3) authorize the City Manager or designee to execute all other documents
required to implement the Agreements, including escrow instructions and to
approve all necessary subordination agreements and direct the City Manager
or designee to administer the provisions of the Agreements, 4) provide
direction to staff whether to authorize an additional, short term (2-3 year)
loan to PAHC in the amount of $2,600,000, to be funded by the SUMC
Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods and Communities and Affordable
Housing Fund and, if so, to return with that loan agreement and budget
amendment as a future Consent Calendar item.

Council Member Klein felt the project was an excellent use of the property,
and supported the proposal while recognizing some risk existed.           The
number of housing units to be created was worth the relatively small risk.

Council Member Holman supported the Motion, because possible
adjustments to satisfy CEQA and best design reviews could happen.

Council Member Shepherd requested the City Manager agendize a study
session of the Stanford University Medical Center funding.

James Keene, City Manager recalled a prior information         report regarding
Stanford's report on hospital projects and Staff's response.    The information
report identified the status of funds.     He understood       Council Member
Shepherd was requesting a Council discussion regarding          parameters and
policies.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to understand how funds were identified
and how the Council could utilize those funds.


                                                                          Page 13 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/19/12
