                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether Staff expected to obtain a higher
percentage of participants for the Cool Cities Challenge. Palo Alto Green was
the most successful program of its type throughout the United States.

Mr. Bobel stated the Cool Cities Challenge was an effort to increase
participation on a whole new scale. No one knew whether it would be
successful because it was an experiment.

Council Member Shepherd felt the Council should sign the Letter of Intent.
She asked what aspect of the program changed after the Study Session to
make it more compelling for community members.

Ms. Slater indicated people wanted to connect with their neighbors.

Council Member Shepherd asked which groups Ms. Slater had contacted
after the Study Session.

Ms. Slater contacted many organizations to determine possible support. She
felt people wanted to connect with their neighbors and to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether Acterra would be the non-profit
affiliate to implement the program.

Ms. Slater indicated the program would work with a number of different
organizations and community groups. The program could not depend on
only one organization to reach the projected scale of participation.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to authorize the City Manager or his designee to sign the Letter of
Intent to participate in the Cool Cities Challenge.

Council Member Shepherd acknowledged the program needed more
development and could become a burden to Staff. She wanted to have a
sustainability director seated before proceeding with the program and
believed the program could have multiple positive impacts.

Council Member Klein felt the City's environmental programs targeted things
within the control of the City. The effort to change individual behavior was
necessary and the community was waiting for leadership to make those
changes. The Cool Cities Challenge offered one possibility for making
individual changes. The Cool Cities Challenge offered many benefits, even if
its environmental goals were not achieved.


10/22/2012                                                    111-476
