product, some of which had been found in Matadero Creek. CPI admitted in
their documents there was a possibility of a release, and residents agreed
with that. The dispute was the consequences. There was little or no
warning of a release. The notion of time to shelter in-place or to learn of a
release was minimal. The consequences of one of these incidents were
dependent on the assumptions and the model. In the past, two consultants
hired by CPI produced different results. The notion that residents' safety
should be the subject of an assumption one way or another was problematic.
The time to respond was impossibly short. A plating shop with potassium
cyanide and nitric acid did not belong next to a neighborhood. There had
been some discussion about which occurred first, the neighborhood or CPI.
Residents had pictures and maps that showed the history of the area, and
the neighborhood was first.

Art Liberman was a retired physicist, and had some expertise in this area as
director of a division of a major corporation that made vacuum electronic
devices. In 2005 CPI consolidated operations and rebuilt the plating shop in
Palo Alto. The rebuilding occurred when risks of chemical releases were not
well understood and the health consequences of acute and chronic exposure
to hazardous chemicals were seldom discussed. That changed when the
Bhopal disaster occurred worldwide, and locally when it was realized there
was a widespread contamination of groundwater under Barron Park from
leaking chlorinated solvents in the Research Park. If this incompatibility was
not what the Council wanted for its land-use policy, then it needed to update
its zoning regulations. CPI's actions to improve safety were not taken by
CPI's own initiative. They all required prodding, pressure and activism by
residents, persistence by regulators and government officials, and policy
decisions by political leaders. Everyone understood and appreciated CPI's
principle objective to be profitable. However, there was a conflict between
making profits for investors and spending money on investments in the
health and safety of residents who did not work onsite. On the other hand,
the health and safety of residents must be the top priority for the Council.
In 2006, the consequence of an accident analyzed by CPI's expert extended
one-fifth of a mile. In 2007 and later, the consequences computed by a
different consultant did not extend beyond CPI's site boundaries. The
difference was the result of different assumptions, methodologies and
consultants.    The Stanford National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC) had
performed risk analysis for cyanide, for example, using similar accident
scenarios and found distances which were several hundred feet. The CalARP
regulations about worst-case scenarios did not require site owners to
consider the consequences of chemical reactions between the hazardous
materials. Each material was considered separately. Residents' nightmare
scenario was a mixing of acids with cyanide. This was possible, because
cyanide and acids were in the same room at CPI. Such an accident would
release hydrogen cyanide. The concentration after an accident of hydrogen
cyanide inside a two-story home located 100 feet from the location of the

                                     10                           04/23/2012
