                               MINUTES
employees; however, discussion of a particular funding amount was
premature. She was meeting with each Department Director to understand
operational needs and leadership and management training needs. Staff
was capturing and cataloging development and training requirements from
employee performance reviews. Job specific training were best handled by
the individual Departments. Human Resources would be accountable for
management and leadership skills. Mentoring and rotational assignments
were part of development. Staff needed a thorough needs assessment
before determining further action.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff anticipated those results being
available prior to mid-year Budget adjustments.

Ms. Shen indicated her goal was to complete the needs assessment by the
first quarter of FY 2013.

Council Member Price asked where in the Budget was funding for the
comprehensive assessment of the Cubberley site and the community
advisory group.

Mr. Keene expected most of the work of the Cubberley policy advisory group
and Cubberley community advisory group to be an interplay among
community members, the policy advisory group, the Council and the Palo
Alto Unified School District (PAUSD).      He did not expect a need for
significant outside funding. Those findings would inform discussions related
to the funding arrangement between the City and PAUSD and the lease of
Cubberley in calendar year 2013.

Council Member Price needed clarification of the process and understood
there was a cost sharing understanding with PAUSD.

Council Member Shepherd stated Animal Services had a $449,000 gap to
close through various means.      She asked Staff to clarify the process
regarding donations and increasing revenues.

Mr. Keene reported the net Budget impact of maintaining Animal Services in-
house for FY 2013 was $500,000. If the Council did not keep the net
$449,000 target and used the lower number, then the Council would need to
identify reductions to other programs. The gap would increase in FY 2014
when Mountain View's contribution ceased. The need for structural Budget
adjustments was ongoing. The target was not $500,000, but $2.5 million
over the next five years. Animal Services needed sustainable revenue
increases, while reducing costs. Staff planned to return to the Council in
July 2012 with proposed revenue and fee increases. Any funds provided by
                                                                      Page 16 of 22
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 6/18/12
