Craig Lewis, Executive Director of Clean Coalition, stated it was a non-profit
organization based in Palo Alto, with offices in Palo Alto Square. He reported
they designed renewable energy policies and programs around the United
States. He congratulated the Palo Alto Utilities Staff for designing the best
CLEAN Program they had seen to date, and said there were many programs
coming. He stated the example being set in Palo Alto was a beautiful
example for the rest of the country to follow. He noted the low ratepayer
impact was a new innovation. He thought that feature would be followed
around the country, given the economic times. He indicated an important
feature was that all of the energy would be located within the Palo Alto City
Service Territory. He stated the Program avoided the need for transmission
and provided all of that energy generation in Palo Alto.

Council Member Shepherd reported this Program had moved from the
Finance Committee (FC) last year and this year and the Utilities Advisory
Commission, because Council Members needed to get a final determination
of the actual amount to pay for this energy. She stated property owners
that had substantial-sized roofs would lease their roof space for solar panels.
She felt there were a couple of wins for industry, and a win for the City,
because this energy would be generated within City boundaries. She noted
this was a groundbreaking piece of acquisition possibility for the City. She
stated the maximum output increased to 5 megawatts in the Resolution,
while the FC tried to keep it at 4 megawatts for this year. She explained this
would be brought back periodically as it timed out at the end of the year,
until it was fine tuned. She reported the incentives for having 20-year
leases were much more aggressive for industry than for 15-year or 10-year
leases. She indicated the FC was proud to use the name Palo Alto CLEAN,
and supported that unanimously.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt: 1) the Resolution:
     a. Approving a standard form power purchase agreement for purchase
        of local renewable energy;
     b. Approving an Interconnection Agreement for the interconnection of
        non-net-metered generators;
     c. Approving the program eligibility rules and program prices;
     d. Authorizing the City Manager or designee to pay an additional 0.45
        cents per kilowatt-hour (¢/kWh) incentive for solar generators
        participating in the program;
     e. Authorizing the City Manager or designee to sign one or more
        contracts for a maximum output of 5 megawatts (MW) of solar
        energy; and
     f. Adopting changes to the previously approved Policies and Design
        Guidelines;


                                      11                            3/05/2011
