                               MINUTES
19.   Request for Authorization to Submit a Grant Proposal to the County of
      Santa Clara for the "Stanford and Palo Alto Trail Program: Connecting
      the Bay to Ridge" for $10.4 Million of Recreation Funds Established by
      the County/Stanford Trails Agreement.

Council Member Klein would not be participating in this Item as his wife was
a Stanford University faculty member.

Mayor Yeh would not be participating in this Item, advising his wife was no
longer a Stanford University student, but under the rules he had a 12-month
financial interest.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment felt this
was an opportunity to begin the City's newly adopted Bicycle and Pedestrian
Transportation Plan and to fund two major priorities in the Plan. The Plan
was developed in conjunction with Stanford University, which allowed the
City to incorporate and upgrade the various links with Stanford and the
Foothills. Linking with Stanford allowed the City to apply for a grant under
the County's criteria of serving the surrounding the community and Stanford
campus residents. Larry Horton and his team from Stanford were also
present to answer questions.

Jaime Rodriquez, Chief Transportation Official reported this was a rare grant
opportunity from the County to implement the adopted Bicycle and
Pedestrian Transportation Plan. As part of the mitigations and conditions of
the Stanford University General Use Plan (GUP), Stanford agreed to
implement two segments of the County Trail Master Plan Program,
specifically, the S1 and C1 trails. The S1 trail would be completed in 2013,
and the first two segments of the C1 trail would be completed in the fall of
2012. San Mateo County failed to implement improvements to a third
segment of the C1 trail; therefore, funds transferred to Santa Clara County.
Santa Clara County was releasing approximately $10.4 million in funds
through this trail program. The City's grant proposal was due September 6,
2012. The grant's requirement that any project must benefit Stanford
residents and community members who use campus recreation facilities
induced the City to initiate outreach to Stanford to develop a trail program.
The north path connected to the Stanford Perimeter Trail and the Palo Alto
project on Park Boulevard. The second trail followed Matadero Creek and
connected to that project. The third path connected along Meadow and
Arastradero. All recommended linkages connected to the Bay to Ridge Trail.
Staff and Stanford proposed five linkages. The first linkage, a Stanford
University project, was the Stanford Perimeter Trail constructed in three
segments. The first segment was an 8-foot wide multi-use trail with 2-foot
pathways on either side and jogging paths along the west side of Junipero

                                                                       Page 10 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
