                               MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Tony Kramer spoke about the Planning and Community Environment
Department's interpretation of the Palo Alto Noise Ordinance regarding
approval of the AT&T DAS Phase 2 project. Any noise source in a residential
area had to satisfy the residential noise standard. He formally appealed
approval of the AT&T DAS Phase 2 project. He asked the Council to remove
his appeal from the upcoming Consent Calendar and to schedule it for a
public hearing.

Rita Vrhal requested the application for 1095 Channing Avenue be
rescheduled from the November 5, 2012 Consent Calendar to December 10,
2012. As an alternative, she requested the portion of the application
concerning the proposed rerouting of school traffic be removed from the
calendar to allow investigation of alternate traffic patterns. She discussed
the matter with the applicant, who indicated he would discuss the alternate
traffic pattern with all appropriate parties. She requested additional time to
continue negotiations with the applicant.

James Lee, Cofounder of Peninsula Direct Action, indicated Redwood City
had a dearth of affordable housing. He asked the Council to ensure the City
had affordable housing, because actions in Palo Alto affected the rest of the
Peninsula. Approximately 200 people currently residing at Pete's Harbor in
Redwood City faced losing their homes. He asked Council Members to assist
with this problem.

Stephanie Munoz remarked that the Council's consideration of redeveloping
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park violated the spirit of Proposition 13. The
Council's support of affordable housing programs while evicting low-income
homeowners from the Mobile Home Park was hypocritical.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to approve Agenda Item Nos. 7-11.

7.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the Report
     on the Status of Audit Recommendations (June 2012).

8.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the
     Auditor's Office Quarterly Report as of June 30, 2012.




10/22/2012                                                     111-471
