Mr. Perez reported Staff was presenting the long-range forecast to the
Council on April 16, and suggested Staff could also include some of the
points made.

Council Member Espinosa asked that the Chair of Policy & Services look
closely at timing and possibly adding another meeting. He thought the
Council would lose the window of opportunity if it was pushed out a couple of
months.

Council Member Holman agreed with his comment. She stated the only way
the Council would know if this was feasible was to have a discussion about
it. She thought the Council needed to move forward in an expeditious
manner.

Mayor Yeh supported the Motion. He indicated the primary public document
was the IBRC Report. He knew there had been a lot of clarifying statements
tonight about what was included and not included within catch-up. He said
it was easy to understand how the public could be confused by reading the
IBRC Report. He felt it was important to have accurate numbers so there
would be a clear basis for a number, term or provision being placed before
voters.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

Mayor Yeh stated the only Item left was to confirm the remaining dates of
the last two Infrastructure retreats.

Ms. Antil asked if there were specific items the Council wanted Staff to
present.

Mayor Yeh asked Colleagues for suggestions of Items for the April 30th
retreat.

Council Member Price believed the Public Safety discussion was going to
occur June 7th. She asked if there would be any preliminary information
available by April 30th.

Ms. Antil replied unfortunately not.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if these retreats were specifically for
discussion of the IBRC Report. She wanted to discuss the whole package
received from the Stanford Development Agreement. She thought it would
be wise for the Council to discuss that sooner rather than later.

Mayor Yeh noted there had not been a discussion of the Stanford dollars.
                                   49                   March 26, 2012
