                               MINUTES
projects holding TDM programs.

Ms. Stump underlined Mr. Rodriguez's comments in terms of specific
conditions for those particular projects. She was unsure whether there was
any additional general Ordinance that would apply only to TDM holders

Mayor Yeh suggested Council Members not expect answers to their questions
in the current discussion. The topics and questions would be noted and
included in future discussions.

Council Member Holman requested Staff's comments on the possibility of
combining entities to purchase Go Passes.

Mr. Rodriguez noted Go Passes were not specifically discussed as a topic
within the Staff Report. Staff envisioned a program being developed as part
of the zoning evaluation, TDM program, or the Downtown Cap Study. Staff
initiated discussions with Caltrain to develop concept programs.

Council Member Holman requested Staff comment on the viability of an RPP
program given the length of time needed to review and possibly implement
Staff's Recommendations.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff followed the Council's direction in July 2012 not
to proceed with an RPP program. As Staff developed these strategies, an
RPP program could return as a bookend to other strategies. Staff would not
include an RPP program per Council direction, unless the Council directed it
be included.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to explain the timeline provided in the
prior week's Staff Report, and whether Staff could adhere to that timeline.

Mr. Rodriguez clarified that the timeline covered the period of Fiscal Year
2013-2014. The parking garage study was on that track. The schedule for
the Downtown Cap Study would likely change, because the scope of work
would be much larger and require more review.

Council Member Holman inquired if Staff anticipated changes to zoning
issues occurring once the Downtown Cap Study was completed.

Mr. Williams felt Staff needed to assess the items it could implement quickly
and those it could not implement quickly. Not all analysis had to be
completed before changes could occur. Staff would return to the Council
with a report within the 3-6 month timeframe, and that report could contain
specific recommendations for changes.
                                                                        Page 28 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/13/12
