                                MINUTES
The RHMC wanted to strengthen the protection for existing R-1 and low
density neighborhoods, because of the density implied by some
developments. It was premature to turn City parking lots into multi-unit
housing; therefore, the RHMC removed parking lot totals from the list. The
Creekside Inn threatened the viability of a small hotel located in Palo Alto, so
the RHMC removed that as well. To compensate for the loss of housing
units, the RHMC included new hotels on the list for the Housing Element.
The RHMC initiated a grocery overlay that mixed use was possible on the
properties of grocery stores, but that the existing square footage of the
grocery site had to remain.      There were some changes in language
specifically around senior housing that was in Appendix A. There was a
further addition to the introduction regarding ABAG's over-projection of
population in the Bay area. That was an important statement to ensure
review of demographic assumptions for the next housing allocation. The
RHMC recommended review and approval of the Housing Element for
submission to HCD.

Public Hearing opened at 9:36 P.M.

Jeff Rensch read a portion of a letter from the League of Women Voters of
Palo Alto. He asked the Council to read the full letter provided in the Packet.

Bob Moss found some inconsistencies in the Housing Element. Property
located at 3972 El Camino Real and 3707 El Camino Real contained less than
10,000 square feet. Access to 587 Maybell Avenue was along congested
streets, and would create more congestion. Removing 587 Maybell Avenue
and 3972 El Camino Real from the list would result in a total of more than
2,900 units, still more than the number of units needed. He was unsure
what Policy H1.4 meant by an appropriate transition between new
developments and R-1. The City Council had made it clear they wanted to
protect the R-1 zone.

Irvin Dawid felt RHMC suggestions added more qualifications for sites. The
Council should be more open to things the community may not like.
Affordable housing was not popular with the community. The Council was
considering a planning document, not considering proposed buildings at
those sites. If and when a developer proposed a building project, then the
Council could discuss it.

Adam Montgomery represented the Silicon Valley Association of Realtors.
Policy H3.1.2.1 would associate the inclusionary zoning mandate to zoning,
not the number of units built. That was a major policy change. The
inclusionary zoning mandates under current case law could not apply to
rental housing.


07-09-2012                                                               111-161
