overview of the LRFP, long-term operational footprint and site planning,
long-term capital costs and financing alternatives, and next steps for staff.
The key solids and liquid treatment capital projects were explained. The
need for incinerator retirement was presented. An explanation of the four
recommended solids handling options was given; staff explained that the
options would be further studied in a Biosolids Facility Plan. Costs for the
four main solids handling options were reviewed. Preliminary debt service
impacts for the major capital projects were explained. The Financing Plan
needed after the LRFP was explained. Potential nutrient regulatory actions
for the Plant were reviewed. One member of the public encouraged better
integration with the Measure E Energy / Compost facility. Council Members
inquired about source control for nutrients, salt marsh conversion mitigation
options related to the Plant’s outfall, level of interaction with partner
agencies, grant funding opportunities, and food waste handling issues.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.   Presentation by Keith Bechtel on the Tsuchiura, Japan Marathon Race.

Council Member Price returned at 8:07 P.M.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the minutes of January 23, 2012 and January 30,
2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
No. 8 as his wife is on Stanford Faculty.

Mayor Yeh advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item No. 8 as his
wife is a Stanford student.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid to pull
Agenda Item No. 12, to become Agenda Item No. 12a.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5-11.

5.   Approval of Contract with SAP Inc. for Software Maintenance Support
     Services to the City of Palo Alto.


                                     2                             05/07/12
