                               MINUTES
gap which they closed that year. The following year there was another gap.
The City needed to break that cycle as services and employees suffered.
That was unacceptable and he would have preferred to have given the
employees a 20 percent pay cut in 2009 and then raises going forward. He
said that having budget gaps every year with no foreseeable end was a huge
problem. He wanted a solution and understood the constraints. He asked if
they could provide income that was not part of CalPERS. To determine
solutions they needed to understand the rules. He said the evening’s
meeting gave him no understanding of the rules. If the rules were known
they could determine ways around them and could advocate for changes in
the legislature. The City had to be solution oriented or it would continue to
pay the employees less each year and reduce services thereby degrading the
overall quality of life. There were many unanswered questions in the
colleague’s memorandum. He wanted Staff to address every issue.

Mr. Keene said that was Staff’s intention. They explicitly said they wanted
to provide initial context and discuss the work environment.           Staff
understood the structure Council wanted them to return with, but even then
some questions would remain unanswered. He thought they could explain
the boundaries the City faced, possible workarounds, and anything that
required legislative or constitutional change.

Ms. Shen added she spoke with the benefit broker, Wells Fargo, whose
spokesperson would engage with Council in November. Wells Fargo took
other cities through the benefit buy out process and had knowledge and
history with that.

Vice Mayor Scharff said Palo Alto was out of the recession as sales and
property taxes were increasing. He did not expect income to increase much
more on a year to year basis, but expenses were still rising. He suggested
outsourcing as a solution in order to sustain the benefits for the core group
of pensionable employees. Productivity increased with a more flexible work
environment and technology. There were limited options as to how to get
the same work done with less money. He wanted solutions for how those
things could be achieved.

Mayor Yeh asked for a response to the Vice Mayor’s comments.

Ms. Shen said they had no response but that she had captured what he
wanted looked at. Staff was going to consider outsourcing, technology, and
what the core group of employees looked like. HR Staff’s effectiveness was
limited by the current system so she planned to work with IT on a request
for new HR technology.

                                                                       Page 17 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/15/12
