                               MINUTES
there and Staff relied on them to get the word out to the much larger group.
There were discussions along the way about getting broader input and even
including Downtown North. However they focused it down and Staff should
have been more forceful about having broader community knowledge of
what was going on even if there was not more participation on the
committee.

Council Member Burt asked for a rough estimate of the cost of the future
program. He saw the cost for the temporary program and asked if the
future program would be comparable.

Mr. Williams said the cost of the future program depended on how many
participants there were and how many bought permits, what the level of
enforcement was, and other factors. Assuming they did not have the
funding from the Lytton Gateway project they were estimating permit costs
of $200 to $300 per year per household.

Council Member Burt said that begged another question because they could
get one response level to the program based on pricing. One could imagine
the higher pricing, but it could skew responses. If people paid $50 or $100
per year they may favor the program while if they had to pay $200 or $300
they may not. He said that it favored the neighborhood if there were fewer
business permits bought because they were more expensive than in the
trial. Since Staff was trying to dial the parking to 80 percent occupancy that
could be skewed as well if they changed the economic forces.

Mr. Williams said they were aware of that and the major goal was to get a
sense of how the residential/nonresidential balance was and then assuming
they could better equate that then take the next step of what the price
sensitivity was.

Council Member Burt said he remained concerned that they were adopting a
broader policy on a de facto basis. He said it was not a certainty; they had a
Downtown North street closure that was repealed after a year and a half or
two years. Things were not necessarily permanent, but that was significant
wasted time and effort and he did not want to see a repeat of that. He was
not saying that he was convinced that the City should not consider a RPP but
he was worried about making a broader policy decision and convincing
themselves that they were just making a trial decision.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff believed the City had a problem, and if
so how it was defined.


                                                                        Page 24 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
