                                MINUTES

Mr. Keene wanted to capture the value of rezoning to a property owner or
developer in relation to the public benefits provided to the City. A project
with a philanthropic aspect offered more public benefits than a traditional
project. This was an opportunity for Staff to demonstrate the fairness of the
exchange between the City and the developer. Any terms with respect to
public benefits, entitlements, and zoning would be institutionalized in a
development agreement.

Council Member Holman felt the City had not led the vision for the site. She
asked if the process should begin with a Master Plan and a vision for the site
rather than an EIR.

Mr. Keene stated that was the ideal process. This project provided the
potential to plan and implement simultaneously, and required both to
evolve. Staff was on that track in order to provide a plan and project the
Council would approve.

Council Member Holman felt the statement that taller buildings
accommodated more open space was a misstatement. Zoning and FAR
defined the amount of open space. She inquired whether TheatreWorks had
performed a feasibility study for the theatre, about the timeline for a
fundraising campaign, and whether office buildings would be constructed
after TheatreWorks completed fundraising.

Mr. Keene indicated those topics would be expressed in a development
agreement. The office buildings would not be constructed without the civic
and public value. Staff would not submit a proposal to the Council that did
not guarantee the vision of the proposal. The City could not grant an
entitlement for one use that provided a risk for another component of the
project.

Mr. Santora reported the questions were difficult to answer, because the
building had not been designed and the cost was undetermined. It was
premature to perform a fundraising analysis. Utilizing costs for similar
buildings allowed TheatreWorks to estimate a fundraising goal of $35-$50
million. After consulting with major donors and performing a basic feasibility
study, TheatreWorks had an 80 percent probability of raising the amount of
funds required to outfit the interior of the building. The fundraising timeline
was connected to the timeline of construction. TheatreWorks was laying the
foundation for fundraising, and would begin fundraising as soon as it was
confident the project would proceed.


                                                                         Page 18 of 32
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 12/3/12
