                                MINUTES

Council Member Holman asked how Staff would collect visual simulations of
proposed facilities if it was not a part of the RFP.

Mr. Williams indicated it would be a part of the RFP.

Mr. Keene stated the goal was to issue a RFP that was both general and
specific to elicit the kind of responses that Staff wanted. The RFP would
include some general components to provide a framework for proposals.
General components allowed respondents to demonstrate initiative and to
pitch a proposal.

Mayor Yeh suggested Staff hold pre-submittal meetings or conferences with
interested respondents to discuss context.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff held those kinds of meetings quite often.

Mayor Yeh felt AT&T had moved forward most aggressively with its DAS
system compared to other carriers. Verizon had also begun to move forward
with a potential DAS application.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff could incentivize co-location
and not move expeditiously with DAS permits.

Mr. Williams stated Staff would review that.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

6.    Resolution 9270 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Support of the Santa Clara Valley Water District’s Safe, Clean
      Water and Natural Flood Protection Plan (Plan) and Placement of the
      Plan on the November 2012 Ballot”.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director reported Staff recommended the Council
1) approve a Resolution supporting the Santa Clara Valley Water District's
Safe, Clean Water and Natural Flood Protection Plan (Plan) and 2)
recommend the Plan be placed on the November 2012 election ballot for
Santa Clara County.

Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer indicated this was a follow-up measure to an
existing tax passed in 2000. The existing measure would expire in 2016;
therefore, the Water District wanted to place a measure on the November
2012 ballot to supplant the original measure.



07-02-2012                                                            111-125
