                                MINUTES
Michael Closson, Executive Director of Acterra, urged adoption of the
recommendation to implement a carbon-neutral plan in the electricity
portfolio for Palo Alto. Global warming was an urgent and unprecedented
threat. It was particularly important for a city like Palo Alto, which had its
own utility, to act. Change had to come from far-sighted, early-adopting
cities such as Palo Alto. He was disappointed that only 25 percent of Palo
Alto residents had signed up for Palo Alto Green. Acterra wanted to use this
as a catalyst to energize the community, because each resident had to
consider ways to reduce his personal carbon footprint. He hoped the Council
would support the recommendation.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to accept
Staff recommendation to support a policy to pursue a carbon-neutral electric
portfolio and direct Staff to develop a plan by December 2012 to achieve
that goal.

Mayor Yeh appreciated that Staff would have some time to pursue
definitions. It was important for other utilities to see Palo Alto's actions and
to take similar action. The analysis period would be important to understand
Cap and Trade revenues and potential uses for them relating to a carbon-
neutral policy.     It was important to understand how these programs
impacted renewable energy sources in the City's portfolio. Moving towards a
100 percent clean portfolio did not detract from the importance of energy
efficiency.   The demand on load would initially counteract efficiency
measures. The Council needed to balance efficiency with a goal of 100
percent clean energy.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff that the December 2012 staff
report will have a goal that the program be fully implemented no later than
January 1, 2015.

Council Member Klein hoped Staff could return in October 2012 with a
timeline of when the report would be presented to the UAC and to the
Council.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would continually update the Council.

Council Member Klein was disappointed that only 25 percent of residents had
signed up for Palo Alto Green. The Council needed to persuade citizens this
was the most serious issue of their lives.

Council Member Shepherd was concerned that this policy would have a rate
effect.  Residents were well educated and understood the risks of
                                                                          Page 18 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/21/12
