                                MINUTES

Mr. Rodriguez said that earlier he has said that they had removed the raised
crosswalks as a cost savings; one of the concepts for replacement was to do
that exact treatment because it provided enough of a vertical deflection on
the roadway and still caused motorists to pay more attention and slow down.
That was still a good treatment they could use.

Council Member Price said the complete street concept was a pretty
standard goal within urban design and transportation planning. When
projects competed for funding the extent to which they demonstrated that a
project was based on complete street principles gave them an advantage in
the competition. She was sure that Staff was conscious of that when they
made their original proposal. In the original application to Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC)/VTA she asked if they made reference to
the California Concept Plan and the potential for increasing parking capacity
on the streets that were parallel to the California Avenue corridor.

Mr. Rodriguez said in the original grant proposal to the VTA they made
reference to the fact that City was developing a specific plan for the
California Avenue area and that the proposal was in line with the visions of
what the overall corridor could be, but they did not specifically discuss
changes to adjacent streets.

Council Member Price felt that they focused on the California Avenue corridor
but the reality of the retail and residential experience in that area was more
than just California Avenue. She asked for the status of the timing of
considering increasing parking capacity via structure parking on the streets
parallel to California Avenue.        Several businesses and residents had
expressed concerns about the issue of parking capacity in that immediate
area. She understood the proposal was for California Avenue but explained
that without recognition of the potential parking capacity enhancements that
were probable it was incomplete. She asked what the staging and timing of
that was and if a serious examination of the increased capacity could be
accelerated closer to the timing of the proposal.

Mr. Williams said Staff was cognizant of it and it was part of their California
Avenue/Fry’s Area Plan discussion which looked specifically at the potential
to add parking structures. Council would see that plan in the fall. However,
the implementation of that was very uncertain, so even if there were a plan
to approach an additional parking structure in the area, funding determined
when that could happen. It did not look like it would align with the timing of
the California Avenue streetscape project, but on the project they were
trying to maintain the current parking levels. The net with the realignment
was actually four increased spaces. He knew Mr. Rodriguez and Staff had
                                                                         Page 46 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
