                               MINUTES
marketplace would work within zoning. The Council's responsibility was to
provide safeguards for the community.        Local, independent businesses
provided more revenue to the City in a variety of ways. The intention was to
consider small areas initially and review the larger context. The Council
should focus on the Emerson Street corridor and the connection of University
Avenue to the train station. In the short term, the Council needed to
address these two critical areas.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to
request Staff: 1) return to Council with a proposal to retain retail on
Emerson Street between Hamilton Avenue and Forest Avenue and 2) as part
of the review of the Downtown Development cap direct Staff to review the
boundaries of the ground floor overlay and evaluate bringing into compliance
non-conforming uses within the ground floor overlay area of the downtown
Commercial District (CD).

Council Member Burt inquired about including a reasonable timeframe in the
first part of the Motion.

Mr. Keene indicated the Motion was a directive for Staff to proceed. He did
not believe there was a need to include a timeframe. If the Motion passed,
Staff would work to effect the change and notify the Council when it could be
done. The timeframe to return to the Council was effected by the second
part of the Motion.

Council Member Burt stated the Motion addressed the more pressing issue
and provided guidance for a deliberate analysis of the remaining two issues.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the Motion prioritized the Emerson Street corridor.
Once retail connections were broken, they could not be re-established. It
was important for the Council to be proactive.

Council Member Espinosa inquired about the process Staff would follow to
develop the proposal.

Mr. Williams reported Staff would hold conversations with property owners
regarding concerns and then provide a draft Ordinance to the P&TC before
returning to the Council.

Council Member Klein felt there were three parts to the Motion.

Council Member Burt indicated the two parts of Number 2 under the Motion
would be performed as part of the Downtown Development Cap review.

                                                                         Page 13 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 11/5/12
