                               MINUTES
suggested that they needed another sentence that said that the draft
conceptual plans were a starting point for discussion.

Council Member Holman appreciated Council Member Klein’s last comment
regarding the plans. She thought the plans as they were should not go
forward without the context being included. There was no way to look at
what was presented and address issues of connectivity which needed to be
addressed. The plans needed the context included. The Charleston Center
and the neighborhoods needed to be shown on the site plans as did the
orientation to the street. That way when the plans were considered those
things that needed to be addressed could be addressed.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: add a sentence in the Guiding Principles that
states: Draft conceptual site plans are a starting point for discussion.

Bob Moss said the more he thought about the topic the more confused he
became about how the City and PAUSD would successfully share a single
site. He said that at Terman the Principal insisted that people who wanted
to use the public park behind the school sign in at the office first. He said
that was illegal, inappropriate, and insulting. He did not understand the
conceptual plans where the City property was moved to the middle of the
campus with a middle school and high school adjacent to public facilities. He
suggested that they add a 16th Guiding Principle stating that the City
facilities, wherever they were located on the site, would be accessible by the
community and public at all times regardless of school activities.

Council Member Holman had comments for those on the CAC. She did not
understand why the elementary school was where it was in each of the
plans, she was not sure that was the best location. She said it would be a
campus, but none of the plans started with the concept of a quad or
common green area. She hoped that could be developed. She said the
plans were divided into phases and it seemed like the phases divided the
project by a hard line. The first option really needed the context of how it
was oriented because it showed a parking structure on the right hand side
which created a barrier to the shopping center. She thought that was an
impediment to connectivity. She also hoped that there was the potential for
investment in a public/private partnership to include a bowling alley on site
would be considered.

Council Member Burt said that Staff needed to clarify the purpose of the
drawings. He recalled that it was explained that they were conceptual
designs just to confirm the approximate feasibility of having the multiple
uses fitting on the site, not design per se. He asked if that was a correct.
                                                                           Page 17 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
