                       DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd said those were global questions and
that she was finished.

Mayor Yeh said that one thing discussed at pre-Council was what
questions the Council wanted the CAC to answer. The question
was at the end of the entire process, what did Council want to
ensure was vetted by the CAC.

Council Member Burt said in general the Guiding Principles were
thoughtful and seemed to cover many issues that they wanted to
address. One area he thought they might want to consider was
having a Guiding Principle around funding. He said that they
could do significant work related to planning but if there was no
mechanism for funding they would be stuck. He wanted his
colleagues to consider whether a Guiding Principle that had an
idea that any future reduction in Utility User Tax funds that were
currently paid to PAUSD that may at some point in the future not
be paid to PAUSD because the City leased less space or because
there was no longer a basis for a covenant to not develop that
those funds would be used primarily to provide the community
services and recreational facilities that might be lost as a result of
the PAUSD re-obtaining control of a portion of the Cubberley
lands. To him that was a balance that he thought held true to the
principles of the original Utility User’s Tax and yet it evolved
toward the future and the City’s needs. He wanted to make that
suggestion so his colleagues could consider it over the course of
the conversation.

Council Member Holman agreed that it was a good basis for the
community process. She read Guiding Principle Number 10 and
said she thought if they were valued then the language should be
strengthened to say “enrich the community and every effort
should be made to preserve and enhance wherever possible.”
She said they were dynamic services and tenants at Cubberley
and the language was too week. “Wherever possible” was weak,
so “every effort should be made to preserve and enhance” was
important. She was pleased about Guiding Principle Number 12,
                                                                     Page 44 of 73
                                                      City Council Special Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes 4/9/12
