purchased it. She stated that just because a building is old does not mean it
is historic and acknowledged that the staff report clearly states that for a
building to be historic it has to satisfy criteria and it has to have its historic
integrity. She hoped that Council could find a way in the near future to find
a more consistent approach to historic buildings that would be fairer to the
public. She agreed with Mr. Pickett that being on the inventory meant
something.

Council Member Price supported the motion for many of the same reasons
that had already been stated and believed the key issue was the integrity
question. She was persuaded by the documentation and impressed with the
thoroughness of the examination and the evaluation by both Garavaglia and
Page & Turnbull as firms highly regarded by architectural historians and
historic preservationist. She supported the Staff’s recommendations and the
Motion and thanked the HRB for their thoughtful work.

Council Member Espinosa stated he was a strong believer in property rights.
He respected the work and expertise of the HRB and valued their opinion.
He supported the Motion and felt the case had been made that the Pickett
home should not be on the registry.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid supported the Motion and commented that he took
history very seriously and believed it was a very important part of the soul
of a community.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd reported the school district demographics on
enrollment and their projections for enrollment over the next five years.
Council Member Price announced she was now an alternate to VTA board.
She will be representing the northwest grouping and assigned to represent
VTA to choose groups: Joint Powers Board, the I680 Sonal smart car pool
lanes it meets in Oakland and the Dumbarton Rail Policy Advisory Board.
She shared that at the recent VTA meeting there was discussion of express
bus services. She further reported that there were twenty new diesel
electric hybrid buses specifically designed for use as part of the VTA express
service. At the Board meeting, there was discussion of various services
changes and announced a vigorous marketing and communication plan to
VTA users, passengers, potential passengers, and community. She provided
a VTA update on US 101 and SR 85 where carpool lanes will be converted to
express lane operations to provide congestion relief and operations benefits.


                                       13                            01/09/2012
