                      DRAFT MINUTES
would have the Guiding Principles on their agenda for the next
meeting with the revisions based on that evening’s discussion.
He said that there were two other items, one being the CAC panel
and general comments and the second being the site plans. He
said the revised Guiding Principles were on the next agenda and
asked if the Council wanted to continue through the CAC panel
and leave the site plans for the following week, or if the Council
wanted to handle both that evening.

Council Member Price suggested they continue the remainder of
the item to the next meeting.

Council Member Klein agreed with one exception. He thought
that former School Board Member Reklis was correct and that
they needed to have more people with a school orientation and
that they should take her up on her offer to volunteer for the
committee and perhaps find several other people with similar
backgrounds and school affiliations.

MOTION:       Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to have Staff evaluate the expansion of
the Community Advisory Committee by at least two additional
school representatives and return with the information at the
April 16, 2012 Council meeting.

Council Member Burt said that Council Member Klein had
originally spoken about a broader school orientation and Council
Member Shepherd referenced PTA. He was more comfortable
with the language as written.

Council Member Klein said he was voting against the Motion even
though he agreed with the idea. He said that it was not the
Council’s committee, it was the City Manager’s committee and he
thought it was inappropriate for Council to describe things in
detail as to who the City Manager should appoint.          It was
appropriate for Council to make suggestions for the City Manager
to follow up on. He stated that he could not vote for the Motion.
                                                                  Page 71 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
