He stated development of amenities such as restaurants or conference
facilities adjacent to the airport could become a revenue source and provide
enjoyment for Residents.         He reported that, given the priority and
importance of acting on the Public Safety Building, changes would be
imminent for the Civic Center block. He suggested the existing Public
Services Building could be converted for use by other tenants when the new
building was constructed. He reported City Hall could have both public and
private occupants if occupancy pressures in the downtown area were
alleviated by a new Utilities Operations Center and City-owned office space
on East Embarcadero,. He noted the method of proceeding and costs should
be determined by the forthcoming consultant study. He stated the Council,
using IBRC input, could make a wise decision regarding a central element of
the City's infrastructure.

Ralph Britton, Chair IBRC Infrastructure Management System (IMS) Working
Group, reported City Planning had been limited by a shortage of accessible
and reliable data defining the state of infrastructure. He stated this problem
had limited the Council's and Staff's ability to make judgments regarding
resources required to fund maintenance. He reported Public Works had a
process for assessing the state of City assets, but there had been poor
visibility outside the department. He indicated there had been no system to
provide estimates of the future maintenance requirements, and problems
had been repaired only when an urgent problem demanded attention. He
noted there was no effective formal communication tool to interactively
connect financial resources with needs. He said without a comprehensive
financial and maintenance-integrated reporting function, there had been
neither visibility nor an adequate mechanism for control. He indicated Public
Works, in anticipation of the Commission's requirements for current data,
had entered as much as data as possible into a spreadsheet, which required
modification and review by the department and various committee
members. He reported the Finance Department evaluated resources and
produced the gap summary (Table 1.1 on page 31 of the Report) once the
comprehensive needs spreadsheets were reasonably complete. He reported
the Working Group had reviewed spending over several years on projects
not identified in budgets, and found that the Council allocated approximately
$1.5 million per year to off-budget items. He stated adding this amount to
the plan was realistic, and would allow the Council flexibility to fund modest
projects deemed urgent or of sufficient value to warrant an out-of-budget
allocation. He noted these findings were derived from the needs defined by
the IMS Committee. He indicated the IMS was an essential part of the
Committee's recommendation.         He said the spreadsheet contained a
reasonably accurate snapshot of the state of the infrastructure today, but
was a rudimentary form of IMS. He said the gap summary, combined with
the input from Finance, represented the kind of report the Council and Staff
needed to make useful judgments related to preparing the General Fund
Budget. He explained that catch-up and keep-up values were identified, and
a plan could be implemented to eliminate continued catch-up. He stated the
                                      5                          01/17/2012
