adequately and urged the City Council to take the house off from the historic
register.

Mayor Yeh asked the applicant to make concluding remarks.

Mr. Pickett addressed an earlier question by Council Member Holman, who
asked what the affect would be if it was left alone. He replied that the
inventory should mean something. If you leave it on and it is not historically
significant then the inventory means nothing. His family had tried their very
best to follow the process as it has been laid out. They hired two experts
recommended by the City as experts for historic preservation. He felt the
HRB tried to do their best but used the wrong standards. They did not use
the standards for integrity. They used the standards for rehabilitation. He
had done his best to follow the process outlined by Palo Alto. He asked that
the Council vote to remove his home from the inventory because the house
lacked the sufficient historical integrity to be on the inventory and that
should mean something.

Mayor Yeh closed the public hearing and brought it back to Council for any
additional comments, questions, or motions.

Public Hearing closed at 8:46 P.M.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
accept Staff recommendation to remove the Category 4 residence at 935
Ramona Street from the Historic Inventory.

Vice Mayor Scharff believed the Pickett family had followed the rules and
further believed outside consultant reports that are recommended by the
city came to that conclusion. He was sympathetic to the HRB’s concern
especially regarding the public presence but stated that public presence is
not in our ordinance. The Pickett family had followed the rules and thought
the conclusion was that Council should go with the staff’s recommendation.

Council Member Klein commented that the Picketts hired not just two
outside experts but the City’s own internal experts. Mr. Backlund came to
the same conclusion that this home should be removed from the historical
inventory. The City should not be putting people through this process unless
there is good and sufficient record to justify the house being on the historic
inventory. He felt that because the litany of changes to this house over time
it was not surprising that it ended up with a reduction of its historical
integrity. The Council should approve the removal of this house from the
inventory.

Council Member Holman commented that she found it troubling that the
applicant did not know their house was listed on the inventory when they

                                     12                           01/09/2012
