                                MINUTES

Council Member Klein asked if one part failed would both parts fail.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification.

Council Member Klein supported the first part of the Motion but not the
second and third parts. The latter two parts created a vast work program.
A problem had not been presented that justified that amount of work. He
requested the Motion be separated for voting.

Council Member Burt inquired why Council Member Klein requested the
Motion be separated.

Council Member Klein stated other Council Members might support portions
rather than all of the Motion. Part 2 of the Motion created work when a
problem had not been defined or identified.      He recalled the Council
considering Emerson Street in detail in 2009.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Price, to delete from the main Motion number 2: “2) as part of the review of
the Downtown Development Cap direct staff to review the boundaries of the
ground floor overlay and evaluate bringing into compliance non-conforming
uses within the ground floor overlay area of the downtown CD District.”

Council Member Price agreed with Council Member Klein's comments. Part 2
of the Motion should be considered in the examination and creation of the
Scope of Services for the Downtown Development Cap. It was premature to
consider part 2 of the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the Motion included part 2 of the Downtown
Development Cap Study.

Council Member Price viewed the Motion as narrowly defining the Scope of
Services when compared to the original Colleagues Memo. The Council had
not given enough thought to part 2 and that could be done when the Council
considered the scope of the Downtown Development Cap.

Vice Mayor Scharff indicated the Motion stated the review would be part of
the Downtown Development Cap. The perfect time to consider part 2 was
when the Council reviewed the Downtown Development Cap. Bringing
matters into compliance was a fairly narrow task. He did not support the
Amendment because it was important to have a comprehensive review of
retail space as part of the Downtown Development Cap Study.

                                                                        Page 14 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/5/12
