there were discussions at the County level, and the County Fire Chief had
been asked by the Board of Supervisors to speak about designing a County-
wide fire department. He thought that would be an easy conversation if
there wasn't a city with 1 million population in the middle of the county. He
stated the topic was broad and conceptual at this time, but could be done.
San Mateo County had an excellent model where Dispatch for the entire
County was performed through County Communications, such that they
worked as a single Fire Department even though they were employed by the
individual communities.     He thought that was an excellent model to
examine, but they were not one Fire Department. He stated issues would be
pay, station locations and union issues.

Council Member Shepherd inquired what changes the Council would want to
make if it were to propose a new Public Safety Building.

Mr. Burns thought there might be some extra space, but not empty wings.
As it applied to the Police Department, there would be a different feel. He
assumed the most likely option would be having the Santa Clara County
Sheriff's Office work in Palo Alto rather than Palo Alto Police Officers. He
suggested a Deputy Sheriff might rotate assignments: working in the jail,
working in the courts, working civil, and working in Palo Alto. He felt the
connection would be different. He thought the communities' relationship
with the Police Department was emblematic of their philosophy. He stated
the City would lose some control, but it was an option.

Council Member Shepherd mentioned this because some in the public
thought having a Safety District was a no brainer. She indicated her
neighbors and community members were very proud of Fire and Police, and
were happy to know the Police Department was responsive to their needs.
She thought that was a feature of quality of life, and she wasn't ready to
part with it.

Mr. Burns said one of the greatest advantages of having a stand-alone Fire
Department in Palo Alto was the .201 Rights (a legal status allowing Palo
Alto to have paramedics in ambulances), which meant their response times
and level of care was outstanding. He thought that was the gold standard as
far as delivery of medical service. He stated Palo Alto was the only
community in the County to have transport, meaning the Fire Department
responded first, treated, then transported folks to the hospital. He indicated
that was a great service to have especially in a County as big as Santa
Clara; otherwise Palo Alto would be reliant on the County EMS system which
was probably focused on the center of the County where there was more
population.


                                  33                   January 21, 2012 
 
