                          DRAFT MINUTES

Omar Chatty stated Caltrain had killed 181 people since 1995, 21 since the
beginning of 2011, and 5 in 2012. Many victims in the last two years had
been Palo Alto residents. In the last six weeks, 4 people had been injured
by Caltrain. He hoped the Council would review the Caltrain corridor for an
option for Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART), which was safer.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
Number 8 as his wife was a member of the Stanford Faculty.

Mayor Yeh advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item Number 8
as his wife was a Stanford student.

Omar Chatty stated the next death on Caltrain would happen any day. He
felt High Speed Rail (HSR) was stupid. He suggested the Council consider
supporting state legislation to block 152 from being a toll road. He felt BART
met all the legislative priorities, and three land use priorities. BART was
compatible with the bike path, with Union Pacific Railroad, benefited the
budget, demonstrated local support, and tracks were incompatible with HSR.

Jeff Hoel spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 11, He stated Staff was
developing a comprehensive plan and strategy for undergrounding all
districts in Palo Alto. He wanted to know why District 47 was compatible
with that plan. For this particular district, the City and AT&T had not
reached terms about the cost. He suggested cost should be determined
before the Council approved it. He hoped undergrounding included fiber
optics to the premises.

Chuck Jagoda indicated the Addendum for Agenda Item Number 12 stated it
was reviewed by homeless advocates. It was not sensitive to the situation
of many unsheltered people. In Section 6, it restricted the rights of
homeless people. The language seemed to state free speech was not
allowed. Section 18 seemed to be a strategy of forcing homeless people
out. The Addendum stated there was no resource impact. There was a
resource impact for unsheltered people. It also indicated it was appropriate
for the public at large, not all of the public.

Aram James asked that Agenda Item Number 12 be removed from the
Consent Calendar to review the legality of some of the proposed provisions.
The Police Auditor's report presented April 9, 2011 spoke regarding a man
handing out pamphlets at the theater. This ordinance appeared to target
specifically the man's hate speech. That was not appropriate, because hate
                                                                          Page 4 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
