                              MINUTES
understand the cost-benefit of oversight and enforcement of TDM programs.
The Council needed to be responsive to parking issues in commercial areas.
A timeline for conversations with all neighborhoods was important and would
engage the community in the broader issue.

Mayor Yeh correlated Recommendations with Guiding Principles. He asked
Staff to consider stacked parking and Caltrain parking. It was incumbent to
develop short-, medium-, and long-term strategies for parking. He agreed
with Council Member Schmid regarding engaging the community in data
collection.  Determining or quantifying the magnitude of impacts from
solutions would be helpful. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid asked Mr. Williams if Staff could present major,
substantive findings for Recommendation 2 in 3-6 months.

Mr. Williams was hopeful Staff would have some information for action
within 3-6 months. The first phase was to collect good data. In 3-6
months, he hoped to have a good data set and be able to identify any
deficiency. The substance of the study would not be complete in that time.

Council Member Schmid inquired if the goal would be to share some data in
that time period.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Council Member Holman stated Recommendation 9 should incorporate a
three-month timeline.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to include Recommendation Number 10- Professorville Permits-
No Driveway Home to Planning and Transportation Commission and report to
City Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt Staff did not want to include both Recommendations
9 and 10.

Mr. Keene stated Staff did not include a three-month timeline for
Recommendation 9, because a number of different approaches could be
modified by engagement with the community.

Council Member Holman indicated Recommendation 10 addressed different
points from Recommendation 9.


                                                                     Page 35 of 36
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 11/13/12
