                               MINUTES
Mr. Keller said that he did not know that the merchants were concerned
about raised crosswalks; he thought they were mostly concerned about the
delay from trucks parked for deliveries or from people parking. He said
Council could ask the merchants if they were also concerned about raised
crosswalks but indicated no one had talked about that.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked Mr. Rodriguez if the raised crosswalks were
necessary, a good idea, if they would slow traffic, and if they were worth the
cost.

Mr. Rodriguez said that in the original project there were raised mid-block
crosswalks. It was recommended from the beginning of the project, but
they were removed as a cost savings element to try to stay underneath the
$700,000 threshold. The P&TC had asked for them so they put them back
in.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked what the raised crosswalks cost.

Mr. Rodriguez said they were approximately $15,000 each.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked how many there were or if they were not planning
on raising all of the mid-block crosswalks.

Mr. Rodriguez said there would be four mid-block crosswalks at a total cost
of approximately $60,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he thought they had parklets and bike corrals and
asked why the plan said they would be considered. He asked what the P&TC
suggested that was different from what was in the plan.

Mr. Rodriguez said the project already recommended bicycle corrals. There
were only a few that they knew made sense, but there could be more when
they entered the design process. However, they had not recommended any
parklets as part of the project. What the P&TC asked Staff to consider was
where they showed the majority of the widening such as between El Camino
Real and Ash Street, which was where the majority of the existing restaurant
type uses were, so there was concern from some of the P&TC that there
could be future restaurant use in other areas. Therefore they requested
Staff consider a policy that allowed for the City to expand and build parklets
in the future at merchant request.

Council Member Espinosa said one of the main issues Council heard last time
was related to loading zones, especially for businesses that did not have
alley access. That had not seemed to change significantly before it went to
                                                                        Page 40 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
