    Architectural Review Board, and possibly the City Council. He didn't think
    the main issue was not paying fees because the Council initiated the zoning.
    He thought they and Staff wanted to believe the Council's action tonight
    would approve the project before there was an Environmental Review or
    application. He believed it was a bad idea and the Council should provide
    clear direction to Staff that this was not the kind of report the Council
    should receive.

    Public Hearing closed at 10:42 P.M.

    Mr. Williams stated the Code was clear that a zoning change could be
    initiated by the City Council, by the Planning and Transportation
    Commission or by the applicant. He indicated the applicant had made
    application to the City in this case, and Staff felt it was appropriate to
    initiate that through the Council, because of the nature of the request, the
    public good being presented by this applicant, and prior discussions of
    alternative sites. Staff thought it was important to receive initial feedback
    to provide the applicant. He reported the Code was not clear regarding the
    initiation process, but was very clear about the zoning process proceeding
    through the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and then to
    the City Council. Staff felt it was within the parameters and intent of the
    Code to come before the Council for initiation of this application. Staff did
    advise the applicant that a Comprehensive Plan Amendment would be
    necessary, and indicated the Site and Design issue was a Staff
    recommendation. He indicated the applicant would want to obtain the
    whole package, including rezoning and Site and Design, because that was
    needed for action by the Council. He noted Site and Design would be
    performed when the Environmental Review was performed. He stated the
    Council and P&TC would have the whole package of Environmental Review,
    Site and Design, zoning change and Comprehensive Plan when the project
    was next presented.

    MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
    to accept Staff recommendation to initiate the rezone request from
    Community Commercial with a Landscape Combining District (CC(L)) to
    Public Facility with a Site and Design Combining District (PF(D)) and initiate
    the request for a Comprehensive Plan Amendment from Streamside Open
    Space to Major Institution/Special Facilities for 50 El Camino Real.

    Council Member Price believed the Staff Report was clear in its presentation.
    She appreciated the applicant's and public's comments. She stated it was
    clear from the presentation that an expansion of Ronald McDonald House
    was necessary and overdue to meet the increasing needs for extended
    services for critically ill children and their families.   She said it was
    important that children and families in these circumstances have easy
                                    45                  February 13, 2012 
 
