                               MINUTES

Henry Yin, Commissioner of California Commission for Economic
Development presented a state of the art electric bicycle from Tengin City,
China. The bicycle could be ridden for more than 110 miles before needing
its battery recharged. This could be a good partnership program for the City
of Palo Alto to achieve its goal of sustainability. His team of volunteers
would provide future technical assistance for green technology.

Ms. Antil announced the launching of a new program entitled School Pool to
provide parents with online tools to pool trips to school. The pilot program
was provided by the City and Ohlone Elementary, powered by the online
matching service of carpooltoschool.com, and funded by a grant from the
Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Sydnee Journel invited the public to the Eighth Annual Applied Materials
Silicon Valley Turkey Trot for health, hope, and a home on November 22,
2012. In the previous seven years, the event raised more than $2.2 million
to various charities. She expected 25,000 participants would raise more
than $700,000.

Michelle Lindeman indicated Brocade would present the Fourth Annual
Mayor's Cup Challenge as part of the Turkey Trot. In the prior year, Palo
Alto had 338 community participants along with Council Members. Points for
the Mayor's Cup were based on registration. The Mayor's Cup Challenge
recognized Silicon Valley cities and towns in four categories based on
population. The winning city or town in each category would receive a
Mayor's Cup, prominence in press releases, and bragging rights.

Annette Glanckopf invited Council Members to attend Quakeville 2012 to
practice their roles in a disaster.

Lydia Kou spoke regarding emergency preparedness volunteers and their
roles in times of disaster. Various agencies would provide services and
information to the public. Quakeville 2012 was an exercise for volunteers to
practice their roles in emergency response, and would help everyone to
understand and prepare for an emergency. She invited the Council and
public to attend Quakeville on September 22, 2012.

Stephanie Munoz urged the Council to consider single-payer health
insurance, because of high unemployment. The United States did not have a
national health plan.

                                                                       Page 3 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/4/12
