Public Hearing closed at 10:25 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to:
1) approve the Resolution certifying the Final Environmental Impact Report
(FEIR) and Amendment to the FEIR, 2) adopt an Ordinance approving the
Planned Community (PC) project (modify three retail structures, and add a new
park and ten single family homes on a 3.58 acre property) and the eleven
parcel Tentative Map (one commercial parcel including a 0.20 acre park and ten
single family parcels), 3) modify traffic signal at Embarcadero Road & St.
Francis Drive to provide left turn signal phasing on Embarcadero Road, and 4)
preserve access between project site and Shell Gas Station at existing site
connection with no net loss of parking.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Holman no

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
direct Staff to return to Council with an informational item within 90 days
regarding traffic concerns for Highway 101 and Embarcadero Road
intersections, and potential funding sources; furthermore at this point Council
could agendize discussion for a future meeting.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Approve a Resolution Amending
      the Gas Utility Long-term Plan Objectives, Strategies and Implementation
      Plan.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to move Agenda Item No. 14 to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

15.   Selection of Option for Connectivity Between the Art Center and the Main
      Library (CIPs PE-11000, PF-07000).


COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Burt spoke about the teen art exhibit showing in several
locations throughout the City, including City Hall this week.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated he had had breakfast at Johns Café on Lytton which
had just recently opened for business.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 11:56 P.M.

                                            4                    03/19/2012
