                               MINUTES
Mr. Williams indicated Staff viewed construction of macro cells separate from
fiber backhaul. Submissions for both would complicate the issue.

Public Hearing opened at 11:21 P.M.

Herb Borock stated the Council asked questions of Mr. Tanczos not as a
consultant but as a respondent to a RFQ. He felt there was a conflict of
interest. He recalled Crown Castle approached the City to solicit work,
rather than the City soliciting a consultant. A small number of substations
were appropriate for this use, and Zoning changes were needed only for
these substations.      With regard to co-locating towers with the City's
essential services, it was not appropriate to share those uses because of the
need to protect essential services. Any kind of fiber system would benefit
from using substations for locating aggregation equipment. Concerns for a
fiber to the premises system were the amount of space for the towers, for
the fiber and the amount of fiber to pull. A wireless smart grid would
remove the opportunity to use a fiber connected smart grid, which would
provide the incentive for a fiber to the premises system.

Robert Smith was interested in resolving cellular issues. He recommended
the Council work closely with providers.      There had been antagonism
between the City and providers of all communication services. Simplifying
the DAS applicant process would solve many problems. He could see
advantages of the hybrid approach, but felt the community would be more
likely to support DAS sites. He asked the Council to consider whether rent
from cell towers was in the public interest.

Jeff Hoel reported smaller cells provided more bandwidth to each person.
Macro cells could cover many people; however, the bandwidth would be
limited. The resistance to DAS resulted from aesthetics. Smaller cells
required less power, and people concerned about radiation could be
reassured. Fiber to the premises could cost less, because it could be
constructed at one time. Carriers use of dark fiber would cost more than a
City-wide fiber to the premises system. Equipment located within a small
cell and a large cell should connect to the small cell to leave the big cell
available for people not located near a small cell.

Public Hearing closed at 11:30 P.M.

Council Member Burt reported the consultant was advising the Council on
the feasibility of a model while also a candidate for supplying service under
that model. He asked Staff if they were comfortable with one provider filling
both functions.



06/25/2012                                                            111-107
