                                MINUTES
Mr. Bobel advised Staff had not contacted all the San Mateo County
partners.

Council Member Burt believed that outreach needed to be performed before
Staff could determine the quantity per type of feedstock and provide that
information within the RFP.

Mr. Bobel said Staff would try to contact everyone.

Council Member Burt suspected Staff would not receive definitive answers
from surrounding communities.

Mr. Bobel agreed. The other variable was the length of a contract, which
would be important.

Council Member Burt asked if the RFP would provide scenarios ranging from
one technology for all waste streams to separate technologies for each waste
stream, and asked how Staff would evaluate that.

Mr. Bobel suggested Staff would not dictate that in the RFP. Most facilities
were built and operated by the private sector as a partner to government.
Staff would attempt to have the vendors determine the market for each
waste stream. The RFP would contain minimum amounts and, if the vendors
felt the market would support a larger facility, then they could propose that.

Jim Binder, Principal of Alternative Resources Incorporated agreed. The RFP
could provide a base case in terms of quantities, as well as optional cases for
larger amounts of these materials. If there was interest in a regional facility,
then the RFP would be open to proposals including materials from sources
not identified by the City. The RFP process was meant to gather information
in a way that provided firm market response in terms of technology and size
of facility. He envisioned a base case situation and perhaps some options in
an RFP that would allow for flexibility and market response while preserving
the City's objectives and needs.

Council Member Burt stated the private sector bidder would potentially
identify the market for whatever materials it proposed to treat. Thus, the
bidder would be contacting cities to determine their interest in participating.
He felt the City should contact cities to determine their interest, and then
provide that information to the bidders. That method seemed to be more
productive. He asked Staff to let the Council know if its help was needed to
interact with elected colleagues to determine interest.




07-02-2012                                                               111-134
