found that the peak measurements did not exceed the physical exposure
limit (PEL). Employees could have worked in that room even if it stayed at
its peak level for up to an eight-hour period without any risk of health
consequences. While it was not harmful even at the source, it was enough
to cause an odor to reach the neighborhood. Since CPI's measurements
were below the PEL, it did not notify the Fire Department. In hindsight, CPI
should have contacted the Fire Department. Since then, CPI had updated its
process, and would notify the Fire Department regardless of the size of the
release. CPI had been onsite since 1953. It was a very large, long-term
employer in Palo Alto, with more than 660 employees. The average tenure
of the employee base was greater than 20 years.            The high vacuum
requirements of devices required that the surfaces of all parts, assemblies
and final product be incredibly clean. This required that assembly be
performed in a clean room. It also required that parts, assemblies and final
product go through the cleaning process. The plate shop was integral to
CPI's business.      The division manufactured between 3,500 and 4,500
products per month, made up of approximately 500,000 piece parts. These
parts found their way through the plate shop many times during the
manufacturing cycle. Without an in-house plate shop, CPI would have trucks
flowing through the business nonstop, greatly increasing costs, cycle time
and the risk of contamination. This would render CPI non-competitive. In
summary, CPI had been onsite for approximately 60 years. During that
time, the noteworthy incident was when the plate shop in 2006 released a
nitric acid odor that carried into the neighborhood. This odor was not and
could not have been dangerous. CPI was designed to keep the worst-case
scenario onsite. Regardless, it concerned the neighbors, and CPI took their
concerns to heart. Since that time, CPI had increased efforts, training,
investment, and focus with the objectives of getting below Title XIX
thresholds while continuing to increase all safety aspects of the business.
Over the last five years, CPI had radically reduced the amount of both
potassium cyanide and nitric acid. Now CPI had no chemicals above the
threshold. CPI had increased the number of alarms to the point there were
almost 300 alarm and sensor points onsite, from the plate shop to the
storage area to the roof to the fence line. CPI had invested in an emergency
generator to backup the alarms and the chemical scrubber. CPI had
increased the level of training of employees along with anyone else who
came into contact with the chemicals, including delivery personnel. CPI had
improved its communications protocol. While the neighbors and community
were extremely important to CPI, its employees and their well being were
equally important. He was proud of CPI's safety record, and proud CPI was
a vital supplier to the medical industry and the U.S. Government. While the
factory was virtually irreplaceable, the workforce could never be duplicated,
which was why CPI had every intention of staying in place for the
foreseeable future.       Lastly, he wanted to address some recent
misstatements in some of the City's materials, which implied CPI had been a
non-conforming organization until recently. CPI's operations had always

                                     8                           04/23/2012
