                                MINUTES
infrastructure to accommodate all carriers on one solution. The hybrid
solution addressed many needs regarding scalability and a framework for the
future.    The small cell solution was a strong solution, and could be
considered. The first option for a tower was the standard mono pole, which
provided the carriers maximum flexibility with numbers of antennas and
amount of coaxial cable. The more flexibility the carriers had, the more they
could add antennas and have bigger antennas as networks evolved and
customer needs changed. The mono pole may not be as aesthetically
pleasing as other options. The second option was a faux pine tree. It did
not stand out as much as the mono pole, but provided the carriers flexibility
to place a full array of antennas on the given center line. It was more
expensive, but it was a good solution. The third option was a flagless flag
pole. The flag pole was restrictive on size and quantity of antennas any
given carrier could place on the site. The carrier had to place all antennas
inside the canister on the pole, which limited flexibility with technology. If
this was a preferred option, he suggested deploying two flagless flag poles
to give the carriers flexibility to have all needed antennas at the given center
line.

Council Member Burt recalled he had a conflict on a prior utility issue
because of the location of his residence, and asked if that applied to this
discussion.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated if there was a Land Use decision before
the Council that was within 500 feet of the residence it was determined even
though the item may be small or an antennae it would implicate the Conflict
of Interest statute. Staff would research and return with a more detailed
response.

Mayor Yeh inquired whether Staff had an additional presentation.

Mr. Williams answered no. Staff wanted the Council's direction with regard
to engaging a consultant.

Ms. Stump reported given the preliminary nature of the item and the request
before Council was to issue an RFP to study sites it was not a situation
where Council Member Burt would need to recuse himself at the current
time.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the term wireless meant use of
a smartphone in the community rather than a wireless network within a
home or office.

Mr. Williams indicated it was all wireless uses.


06/25/2012                                                                111-97
