2. Resolution approving changes to Utilities Rule and Regulation 27
   (Generator Interconnection); and
3. Ordinance amending Sections 2.30.340 and 2.30.360 of Chapter 2.30 of
   Title 2 the Palo Alto Municipal Code (Contracts and Purchasing
   Procedures) to incorporate provisions that would facilitate a “feed-in
   tariff” program.

Council Member Burt stated this was a significant program. He reported this
had been the primary method for renewable energy to be adopted in Europe
and elsewhere. He explained the U.S. had other methods and mechanisms,
but this program really complemented the ones that existed in California,
Palo Alto and nationally. He indicated this rate structure had probably the
lowest rate impact on ratepayers of any feed-in tariff program anywhere,
because of this other layer of programs. He stated the program fulfilled
several objectives. First, it would build a foundation of locally generated
clean electricity that would be available in the event of prolonged power
loss. Second, one of the real issues in Silicon Valley was the lack of blue-
collar, middle-income jobs occurring in the Valley.        He stated solar
installation was a growing portion of that, but felt the Program would
generate local green energy jobs for construction work. He noted there had
been a debate that clean energy, low-costs of electricity and a thriving
dynamic economy were incompatible. He said Palo Alto had all three. He
indicated Palo Alto had among the lowest electricity rates in the State, and
would continue to do so with a minimal impact of this Program on electricity
rates. He explained the City had a strong foundation in renewables due to
this Program, the 50 percent of energy received from hydroelectric power,
and the 6 percent or 7 percent of energy received from the Palo Alto Green
Program. He thought this initiative was a fulfillment of an overwhelming
desire in the community to have very clean and competitive electricity, and
a model for others to strive to achieve comparable outcomes.

Council Member Shepherd thought there were multiple wins for the City of
Palo Alto, not only to generate energy and use it within City boundaries, but
also to continue the process of developing this. She was particularly
interested in seeing how this would come back the following year, when the
City received some applications. She understood this could be done on top
of a parking garage, and thought the City of Palo Alto itself might be
approached.

Council Member Price looked forward to seeing this Program roll out and the
review in the fall. She noted the Staff Report suggested that this could be
handled by one full-time employee (FTE) managing the applications. She
asked if the work needed to make this successful would be absorbed with
the current staffing.



                                     12                           3/05/2011
