                      DRAFT MINUTES

Jay Cheavage gave a presentation regarding 3800 Middlefield
Road. He showed the original configuration of Middlefield Road as
released to the public in 2008. There was no turn lane at
Mayview. He discussed studies which indicated there was no
need for a left turn lane. He discussed the recently painted red
curb. He said that it was striped red to provide adequate room
for the turning lane and the narrow bike lane. The bike lane was
too narrow for safety. Busses often encroached the bike lane
because of the narrow automobile lanes. Additionally the old bike
lane was part of the backup safety area for some residents.
Because the barriers were created for the left turn lane, residents
north and south of Middlefield Road could no longer make left
hand turns into or out of their driveways. He stated there was
not adequate public notice or participation regarding the red
zone. A concession was offered to shorten the red zone and
install “No Parking” signs. He said the residents were requesting
the immediate restriping of the street and the reversion back to
four lanes with no turning lane permanent at the intersection.

Lynn Tashbook spoke regarding 3800 Middlefield Road. She
stated she lived on Middlefield Road for 25 years. She said
because of the red zone no one could park at her house. She
resented the fact that residents were not notified about the
changes and noted that they had always been notified of work in
the past. Many schoolchildren used the bike path and due to the
uneven line she was deeply concerned that someone would turn
into an oncoming car or bus.

Charlene Liao spoke regarding 3800 Middlefield Road. She said
that she lived on Middlefield Road. She requested the Council
restore the Middlefield/Mayview intersection to its original
configuration.   She also wanted the transit shuttle stop on
southbound Middlefield Road restored. The 2002 and 2008 traffic
reports commissioned by the City stated that the amenities to the
shuttle stop should have been improved.


                                                                    Page 4 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
