Mr. Albritton replied 22 by 27 by 18. He stated this battery box was similar
to boxes being used by other utilities. He indicated he would provide the
weight of the battery.

John Williams expressed concern over a possible reduction in property value
in that people wouldn't choose to buy a home with a view of the antenna.
He stated the antenna was ugly and extended the height of the telephone
pole. He suggested the blue color for the antenna so it would blend with the
sky. He expressed another concern of bearing the burden of the antennas
without receiving a benefit. He thought Staff should have conducted more
outreach and analysis of the potential impact on the City as a whole.

Kristen McMichael objected to the location of the antenna across the street
from her home and believed it would affect property values. She stated it
was just ugly. She expressed concern about AT&T noticing only 20 antennas
when it knew there would be 80 antennas.

Gerald Lucha felt the improved coverage was needed now and asked the
Council to approve the plan.

Russell Tory commented that cell phone towers were good for health. He
stated that adequate cell phone transmitting towers allowed a cell phone to
remain within the government safety limits and was not hazardous to the
brain.

Robert Smith felt Palo Alto did not have adequate cell phone coverage
because demand was outstripping the ability to obtain permits for new
installations. He noted the principle objection to the antennas was
appearance. He didn't think the proposed antennas would be noticeable. He
recommended the Council move forward with the proposal.

Nancy Peters did not understand why the antennas had to be located on the
telephone poles. She thought the answer was the federal ruling stating
utilities trumped the cities, and the threat of a lawsuit. She expressed
concern that AT&T had the power to overrule the City's procedures.

Kevin Lortie thought technology was moving forward and connectivity was
part of the future.

Richard Brand noted his background with Nortel Networks and experience
with the proposed equipment. He said there was a difference between
cellular and WiFi. He stated wire line was a monopoly; however, cellular was
a different matter. He indicated the project would require more cables on

                                 19                   January 23, 2012
 
