Council Member Schmid repeated previous comments that endorsement of
the calendar in the meetings was not endorsing regular Saturday meetings.

Mayor Yeh asked the City Manager and City Attorney if it was appropriate to
have a Motion to schedule three additional meetings in addition to the
regular Council Meeting schedule. He stated this was atypical from the
Council Calendar. He suggested having a Council Motion on this if it was
appropriate.

Mr. Keene thought it would fall down to the Agenda scheduling process that
Staff did with the Mayor and Vice Mayor. He didn't think any specific
language needed to be added to the Motion.

Mayor Yeh heard consensus from Colleagues that this was a good approach,
particularly given the timeframe for a potential bond measure.

Council took a break from 10:30 A.M.-10:50 A.M.

Mayor Yeh recognized the members of the IBRC and passed out certificates
and bricks. He read the acknowledgement on the brick. He thanked the
IBRC members for their service.

Mr. Keene noted three sub-topics on the Agenda: Overview, Cubberley and
Timeline, and Financing Issues. Staff had taken the liberty of structuring the
remainder of the meeting, but obviously the Council could make any
modifications it chose. With regard to Overview, Staff acknowledged the
structure of the IBRC Report, and proposed the Council stay with that
structure in working through the Report in detail. He stated it worked well
at the previous Council meeting, and the structure already existed. He said
Staff had re-ordered it a bit because the timeline for decisions and possible
implementation of a ballot would impact the structure of discussions. Staff
thought the catch-up and keep-up discussion was a foundation in many
ways for the other discussions, and the Public Safety Facilities was a specific
and timely recommendation from the IBRC. He explained the Municipal
Services Center was further in the future and dependent upon subsequent
studies, so it was not necessary to discuss that. He said the Infrastructure
Management System and associated recommendations included discussions
about catch-up and keep-up, and were ways to assure the public that the
City meant business about Infrastructure and tracking and accountability
mechanisms would be in place. He noted Finance was intertwined with all of
the discussions. Staff placed Finance towards the top of the list as Finance
Committee members were present. Staff's objectives were to begin with a
catch-up and keep-up session and then possibly move into the Public Safety

                                   12                   January 21, 2012 
 
