housing. Third, parking must be dealt with on this project. He said that this
project should fix the parking problem it created. He said that one of the
easiest ways would be to remove a floor of offices, which would reduce the
impact to parking, the disparity between public and private benefits, and the
impacts to the community which would make it a more useful project. He
said that $250,000 was nice for having parking restrictions downtown and in
the neighborhood but suggested they add more money in case that would be
necessary.

Geoff Ball said that he would like to see limitations placed on visitor parking in
Downtown North. He said that he worked for a while with a muni transit
service. He explained there was great ridership to downtown San Francisco
because parking was incredibly expensive there. He said he wanted the
parking rate in downtown Palo Alto increased. Secondly, he wanted to see the
data on the under parking collected, kept, and made visible to the public and
the Council. He stated that the Planning Staff should be required to keep a
database on the parking that could be used for decision making on future
projects.

Joseph Rosas said that as a candidate for State Assembly whose district
included Palo Alto, he brought insight gleamed from similar experiments in
Silicon Valley. He said that with so many people losing their homes or
underwater it reminded us that we need more affordable housing in the area.
He said that 101 Lytton was beginning to look an awful lot like Santana Row
in San Jose, which was a development that used a small amount of low cost
housing as justification for its high end retail empire

Elaine Meyer said she was President of the University South Neighborhood
Association.    She opposed the rezoning of the PC because it gave the
developer millions of dollars at the expense of the neighborhood. She said
that the corner of Alma and Lytton did not need major reconstruction. She
said that it was a reasonably well functioning intersection. She felt the
changes were being misrepresented as public benefits were in fact mitigation
for the project’s impact. She questioned where the cars would park from this
project. She stated that the parking loopholes were truly dysfunctional and
the overburdened neighborhood would suffer further. She understood that
the developer was offering $250,000 for a parking study. She said that the
City should be outraged by the attempted bribery. She stated that there
should be balance between the added value of zoning and the value of the
public benefits to the community.

Herb Borock stated that the Council should reject the project and direct Staff
to process the Applicant’s original proposal for a 17,000 square foot building
that conformed to the zoning.         Staff should process applications that
conformed to zoning rather than becoming part of the Applicant’s
                                   35                     March 12, 2012
