                               MINUTES

Mr. Williams agreed. If the Council said the main parameters of the project
were acceptable but wanted additional work done on the façade then Staff
would work with the Applicant. He thought Staff’s goal was to do something
within the context of a minor ARB review.

Council Member Espinosa asked if there were other things aside from the
massing and scale from Park Boulevard that was discussed with the
Applicant.

Mr. Williams said that was the primary discussion, which mostly had to do
with making the building feel a little more broken up instead of one big
piece.

Council Member Espinosa asked if there was a timeline that Staff would
anticipate if that was the approach taken by Council.

Mr. Williams said it depended on how involved the proposed changes were.
As it stood Staff could accomplish the work within a month if the Applicant
was prompt in meeting with Staff and providing drawings.

Mayor Yeh stated that the Public Hearing opened at 9:37 P.M.

Bena Chang was present on behalf of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group,
which was a public policy trade association that represented over 375
members in Silicon Valley. They surveyed their companies every year and
asked what the top business competitiveness challenges in Silicon Valley
were. She said every year housing was considered the top impediment. It
was clear that issue needed to be addressed. It was difficult for companies
to attract and maintain employees.       She stated that they needed to
maximize key infill sites such as the one where the project was proposed.
She stated that future residents of the site would have access to the retail
on California Avenue and to the Caltrain Station. They encouraged Council
to approve the Park Plaza proposal.

Irvin Dawid of Alma Street said he hoped Council had received his letter,
which he had sent in late. Palo Alto did not have that many examples of
mixed use. He stated that was one of the reasons he was disappointed that
they lost the top floor residential units at the Lytton Gateway. He did not
know of any modern buildings that had good residential mixed use except
for the Presidential Apartments on University Avenue.         He said most
residential mixed units like 800 High had a little café on the ground floor.
Most developments only had a token retail unit. He thought this was a great
opportunity for Palo Alto. With the whole appeal Mr. Hohbach was viewed as
                                                                      Page 31 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
