    Design Permit Review and CUP.           She explained the Planning and
    Transportation Commission would review the applications and the
    Environmental Review document prior to final Council action on the rezoning
    and Comprehensive Plan designation, as well as the CUP and Site and
    Design Review. She indicated the Architectural Review Board would review
    the site and building design. She reported the proposed building was
    approximately 46,000 square foot; the applicant would share the plans; the
    building would provide approximately 68 new rooms and 79 parking spaces;
    and the new building would be approximately 1 foot taller than the existing
    Ronald McDonald House building. She said the building would not impinge
    upon the San Francisquito Creek stability area, as the proposed lease-line
    boundary was outside of the streamside slope protection area.            She
    indicated the building as shown in concept plans was approximately 70 feet
    from Sand Hill Road, significantly beyond the site's 24-foot special setback
    along Sand Hill Road. She said the current sidewalk would be moved closer
    to Sand Hill Road; and trees would be relocated or removed to
    accommodate the new building and surface parking area; the existing
    signalized intersection at Sand Hill Road and London Plane Way would
    provide access to the project driveway. She indicated a traffic impact
    analysis would be prepared to ensure no adverse impacts from traffic or
    parking; and the analysis of the project's consistency with Comprehensive
    Plan Policies, Site and Design Review, CUP findings, and Environmental
    Review would be presented to the Planning and Transportation Commission
    for review and recommendation to Council.

    Honey Meir-Levi, from the Barron Park Neighborhood, stated she would
    explain the genesis of the project, and then the architect would provide a
    detailed review of the architectural picture and the site plan analysis. She
    explained Ronald McDonald House was the community's home-away-home
    for critically ill children and their families. She reported over 90 percent of
    the young residents were facing a life-threatening illness; and their parents
    and families were facing financial impacts and the need to disrupt their
    family lives to find the advanced medical treatment their child needed. She
    commented they were seeing the demand for extended care grow due to
    the amazing medical advances of recent years. She noted the average
    length of stay was six nights in 2003 and 24 nights in 2011, with stays
    lasting one and two nights to a year or more. She remarked the needs of
    longer-term families were quite different from families who stayed six
    nights. She stated the House expansion, while meeting the specialized
    needs of these families, was also meeting the needs of the community as
    the Lucille Packard Children's Hospital expansion would increase the need
    for services. She indicated the greatest impact by far was the change in
    medicine. She reported they were seeing sick children who needed longer
    stays with much higher degrees of disruption to their families. She said
    previously only parents stayed at the House while their children stayed in
                                    39                   February 13, 2012 
 
