                               MINUTES
adding a pathway for cars would further decrease the natural setting.
Option B provided real connectivity without losing the natural setting.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to explain the discrepancy between
project costs listed in the Staff Report and stated in the presentation. She
noted there was also a discrepancy of one parking space between the report
and the presentation. She supported the Substitute Motion because it
removed the car path. This was an environment where a pedestrian and
bicycle connection was the more important and appropriate connection.

Mr. Bobel indicated Staff would review the project costs, and the
presentation contained updated information on parking. Option A created 23
parking places, Option B created 24, and Option C created 26.

Council Member Espinosa had seen the traffic problems at the Art Center
and Library, and heard strong opinions about harming the ambience of the
Garden. After reviewing the various reports and studies, he believed the
increased capacity justified a vehicular connection between the two parking
lots.

Council Member Klein stated renovations of the Art Center and the Main
Library would increase usage. He felt Option A was the environmentally
preferred choice, would result in less automobile traffic, and was the better
aesthetic choice. The road was more of a paved path than a lane on the
freeway. He asked how long the roadway would be.

Mr. Bobel indicated it was approximately 50 yards.

Council Member Klein felt the cars would be traveling the roadway at 10-15
m.p.h., and would not be a safety concern. Option A favored environmental
and aesthetic issues. He did not support the Substitute Motion and would
support the original Motion.

Council Member Price concurred with the comments of Council Members
Klein and Espinosa. She believed the proposal illustrated comprehensive
site planning. The proposal captured the site integration goals outlined in
the Staff presentation and provided the greatest flexibility with the addition
of bollards. This made it possible to utilize the enhanced and intensive use
of the broader campus. Increased parking spaces would allow people with
limited mobility to use the facilities. She supported Option A.

Mr. Bobel reported the cost estimates in the presentation had been updated
since the Staff Report.

                                                                        Page 12 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/21/12
