                               MINUTES

Council Member Burt did not understand why the focus was not on referring
the items to the P&TC, because the items were in the P&TC's purview. The
Council's role was to provide input on the scope of consideration. The
Council could choose to narrow or broaden the scope or to prioritize items.
Fundamentally, the bulk of the items should be referred to the P&TC.

Council Member Shepherd felt the Council could quickly discuss and vote on
the items individually. She asked if the Mayor intended for the Council to
vote on the Recommendations en masse.

Mayor Yeh noted the Council would have subsequent opportunities to discuss
the items in depth. He asked if Council Members wished to discuss each
item individually. He stated Council Member Burt's question regarding
referral to the P&TC was separate from Council Member Shepherd's
question.

Council Member Burt felt discussing the items individually preempted the
process question.

Mayor Yeh stated the Council had to make the determination of which
Recommendations would be referred to the P&TC. The Council had to have
some discussion to make that determination.

Council Member Burt recommended the Council refer all items to the P&TC
for full vetting.

Mayor Yeh indicated Staff proposed the full matrix for follow-up steps.

Council Member Shepherd felt the Recommendations could be stand alone
Motions; however, Staff's Recommendation was to move forward as
presented.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
XXXX to direct Staff to handle the parking policy strategies as presented.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Yeh suggested the Council generate a list of questions to inform each
topic. He then asked for comment regarding process from the City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager reported all 11 items needed to be pursued
regardless of the next steps. In addition, other things needed to be done.
The parking issue was important enough to warrant a general direction that
                                                                        Page 24 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/13/12
