work related to the detailed cap documents, for one year. He explained the
reason to put the contract in place now was that there are elements of it
that could and should start immediately. He explained the other reason for
putting it in the package with the contract is should the City Council decide
not to go along with the Staff’s recommendation to delay the cap, Staff could
have it ready to work on this construction season. He said this kind of a
construction project could not be done in the rain, so the plans and specs
must be started right now so the bidding could be done and the construction
contracts could start in the summer. He said that they gave the City Council
the whole contract to have the option of going either way. If Staff had not
done this there would have been a delay in coming back to the City Council.
He recommended approving the whole contract but only proceeding with C
and holding off on A and B. That way everything would be ready so that
whenever City Council advised Staff to begin on A and B it could do so
immediately. He also recommended temporarily suspending plans to cap
the remaining landfill in 2012 but to have Golder ready to develop those
construction documents. He said that holding off on developing construction
drawings until all decisions were made would save money. He said that the
fourth bullet point recommended temporarily suspending plans to close the
composting operation for a period of two to four months. Staff would come
back to City Council in June 2012 to discuss the compositing operation. He
explained that the compost was still operating because more compost was
needed to mix with soil and create vegetative cover for the cap. The original
estimate was that there would be enough material by December 2011, but
became apparent that another month or two of composting is necessary. He
said that it was hard to estimate the end date as there was a lot of different
variables related to how much of this mixture could be produced. He
recommended revisiting the issue in June. The fifth recommendation was
that following Council acceptance of the ARI recommendations to direct Staff
to continue to dialogue with the regulatory agencies. The three principle
regulatory agencies are all comfortable with the recommendations Staff
made to City Council. He restated that the recommendations were to delay
the cap for one year and continue the composting for two to four more
months. He said that the timeline that ARI would do is a process timeline
which would show the major decision points, give the recommendations on
the other work that needed to be done to support decision making and show
one or maybe several different possible process scenarios for decision
making. Staff would return on June 1, 2012, to obtain City Council’s
approval or changes on the timeline and for a decision on the composting.

City Manager, James Keene stated the presentation had covered a lot of
ground and hoped it had clarified some questions. He noted there were
passionate proponents and opponents of this issue. He said there was a
simple and straightforward set of issues that were primarily technical and
routine, not policy laden. He said that the Staff recommendation was about
                                   7                     February 6, 2012
  
