                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return to Council in the fall with
different funding options and a timetable.

Council Member Schmid felt outreach had generated enthusiasm and
support from the community. This Plan was different from the 2003 Plan,
because it included pedestrians. However, at points it looked to be a bicycle
plan. In order to obtain community funding, the Plan should reach diverse
groups. Access routes, bridges, and tunnels could sell funding to the public,
because they indicated the Plan was designed for more than cyclists. The
California Department of Transportation had funds available and waiting for
Palo Alto. The Santa Clara Valley Water District had a plethora of funds for
pathways along creeks. Projects for the current and following years included
designs for critical elements and access points, which would create the
possibility for funding and public participation. The Council should focus on
funding those projects that could be implemented and develop options to
include the widest range of the public.

Council Member Shepherd felt the Plan was viable, because of the relative
flatness of the City. She asked for an update regarding signage.

Mr. Rodriguez reported signs were currently being made, and installation
should be complete in July 2012. That was funded through a grant. If the
Council was interested, Staff could accelerate the signage projects.

Council Member Shepherd inquired        about   communication    of   bicycle,
pedestrian, and vehicular etiquette.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated that was addressed through the Safe Routes         to
School program. The Safe Routes to School program was being utilized       to
establish an adult program to educate parents. Marketing was needed        to
develop materials, brand elements in Palo Alto, and build the message      of
rules of the road.

Council Member Shepherd suggested working with institutional partners to
share the message.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff was working on a City-wide transportation
survey to determine baseline information.       Staff would receive more
information to understand how to market to the community.

Council Member Shepherd believed residents could travel many places in
Palo Alto, because the land was flat.



07-09-2012                                                             111-156
