to establish credibility within the Community and to develop a case for
infrastructure needs. He asked that Staff revise as soon as possible any
amounts not revised because of the Report being in press. He stated he
would like to understand keep-up and catch-up relating to sidewalks and
streets. He asked if these funding amounts would improve Palo Alto's
comparison to nearby cities and would improvements meet the Public's
expectations. He also inquired about a realistic timeline for improvements.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the $7 million for Cubberley related to the City's
portion only.

Mr. Harris explained the $7 million covered all of Cubberley over 25 years; it
did not separate the City's acreage from the School District's acreage.

Vice Mayor Scharff wanted a sense of what each category meant in terms of
extra cash and maintenance. He felt the primary goal should be keep-up,
with a view towards prioritizing expenditures. He asked if the Commission
had reviewed other means to fund the dedicated revenue stream for catch-
up and keep-up.      He asked if the City was actually underfunding by
$700,000 ($2.2 million less $1.5 million for pop-ups).

Mr. L. Levy stated that was correct, but the Commission felt pop-ups
happened regularly and should not be ignored.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for a detailed list of pop-ups for the retreat.

Council Member Burt felt the Community looked first at potholes, then to
other infrastructure. He asked whether the Capital Improvement Plan had
doubled the budget for street upkeep.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, stated the budget was increased
approximately two years ago, from $1.7 million to $3.7 million.

Council Member Burt stated there was a sizeable backlog of improvements
to streets, and there would not be a radical reduction in the backlog within a
year or two. He asked if this level of spending was a catch-up or keep-up in
streets.

Mr. Sartor explained it was both.          He stated one of the goals was
preventative maintenance to keep-up, and then there was much catch-up
work particularly in the older parts of town with concrete streets.

Council Member Burt inquired if the $6 million amount for catch-up of streets
was low.

Mr. Bobel stated this was an example of the fine line between catch-up and
keep-up. He explained catch-up and keep-up could be defined by choosing
                                      11                           01/17/2012
