                                MINUTES
Mr. Emslie responded yes.

Council Member Shepherd clarified that Staff had moved the election from
March to June 2013.

Mr. Emslie explained June 2013 would be the earliest possible date given the
schedule.

Council Member Shepherd recalled buildings had been donated to the City in
the past. She asked why the theatre building needed to be so tall.

Mr. Santora explained the height of the fly tower was based on a formula
which used the height of the stage. The fly tower was used to raise scenery.

Council Member Shepherd inquired about the proposed height of the theatre.

Mr. Santora stated the height was 95 feet.

Council Member Shepherd asked at what point the design became
unsuccessful.

Mr. Santora did not have an answer. If the Palo Alto High School theatre
was 80 feet, then a professional theatre should not be less.

Council Member Shepherd felt imposing the 50-foot height limit would
eliminate TheatreWorks from Palo Alto. She asked if the height of the
theatre influenced the height of the building.

Mr. Santora stated the building itself did not need to be 80-feet tall, only the
fly tower. The fly tower footprint was 50 feet by 100 feet.

Mr. Emslie reported the goal was to have an efficient back-of-house
operation to stage shows and to transfer shows to other facilities.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the height of the theatre influenced the
height of the office buildings.

Mr. Emslie felt    the   two   heights   could   stand   alone   in   the     current
configuration.

Council Member Shepherd explained the only method for the City to
incentivize public benefits was to allow more square footage. She inquired
about a means to measure the amount of benefits versus the prospect of
taller buildings.
                                                                             Page 17 of 32
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                         Minutes: 12/3/12
