                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid supported the Council hearing feedback concerning
the most important elements in the methodology.

Council Member Klein stated this topic was not on the Agenda and not
germane to the Motion.

Mayor Yeh suggested this topic could be considered as part of an offline
Agenda management discussion.

Mr. Keene reported the rates of return and estimates were obtained from the
California Public Employees Retirement System (CalPERS), of which the City
was one participant. The City could not unilaterally set the rates or manage
returns.

Mayor Yeh indicated the Council had made difficult decisions in terms of
structural changes in the Budget. The structural changes had impacted the
number of employees and the delivery of services. The Cost of Service
Study discussion would entail difficult decisions regarding services.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Yeh asked about concession stands at pools within the city and if it is
allowed at the parks.

Director of Community Services, Greg Betts stated that there is a snack
shack at several locations within the city that are sometimes operated by
sports leagues. The department is looking at having food trucks at several
locations during peak times.

Council Member Burt stated that there is a good opportunity for this type of
service and it had been listed in the Comprehensive Plan back in 1997-98.
It is worth evaluating the small mom and pop type operations or stores
again.

Mr. Betts stated the Junior Museum and Zoo recently installed two snack
vending machines in the lobby that serves healthy food options.

Council Member Holman asked about the article in the Peace and Justice
article regarding a recent vote by the Human Relations Commission. She
asked how this should be handled.


                                                                       Page 21 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/18/12
