                               MINUTES

Richard Brand felt the recommendations did not address the South of Forest
Area (SOFA). The problem was approval of too many developments with too
few parking spaces. The Council had to force developers to provide parking.
He asked the Council to direct Staff to consider development in their
recommendations.

Neilson Buchanan agreed with Staff conducting periodic vehicle counts twice
per year. The Council should consider the point at which a neighborhood
was no longer a good residential neighborhood because of traffic and
parking.    Downtown vehicle counts should be expanded to some
neighborhoods on the other side of Middlefield Road.

Ken Alsman stated Staff had not determined the number of cars and
employees in Downtown or the number of cars affected by proposed
measures. There was no viable data in any of the information.

Arthur Keller felt Recommendation Number 2 “Direct staff to pursue the RFP
for the Downtown Cap study, and report back to Council in six months
regarding     results    and    recommendations”      (Recommendation     2),
Recommendation Number 3 “Direct staff to develop zoning ordinance
revisions to address parking impacts from development, including: a)
parking ratios, b) parking exemptions, c) requirements for both TDM
programs for new development; and to work with the Downtown businesses
to develop a coordinated downtown area TDM effort.” (Recommendation 3),
and Recommendation Number 6 “Direct staff to pursue the installation of 6
additional electric vehicle charging stations in Downtown and up to 5 electric
vehicle charging stations around California Avenue.” (Recommendation 6)
were in the purview of the P&TC.

Karen Dreyfuss noted bicycle-automobile accidents on Bryant. Parking
problems were a public safety crisis. She urged the Council to remember
that residents had contributed and compromised when agreeing to a parking
permit plan.

Mr. Williams stated that Staff felt Mr. Alsman's analysis overstated parking
deficiencies in the community. The best way to analyze the problem was to
perform a thorough analysis through the Downtown Cap Study.

Council Member Schmid felt parking was a critical issue, and the Council
grappled with parking on single applications. He named several projects the
Council had considered. The Council lacked the base idea of a systemic
parking deficit being exacerbated by each project. He noted problems with
Mr. Alsman's data; however, Mr. Alsman provided information the Council
                                                                        Page 20 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/13/12
