                                MINUTES
be moved offsite in the second decade to allow for expanded operations.

Mr. Ross reported at that point, evidence and property storage could be
relocated, and essential facilities could expand into that space.

Council Member Burt stated that would be the case in Option 3. Option 3
had extra space for future programmed space that could initially be used for
evidence and property storage.      In the second decade, evidence and
property storage would have to be located offsite.

Mr. Ross reported evidence and property storage was internal to Options 1
and 2, but not Option 3.

Council Member Burt explained Option 3 had 20 years of growth space. For
the first five or ten years, that spare growth space could be allocated for
another purpose. Could evidence and property storage be located in that
growth space for the first five or ten years, before moving offsite to allow for
operational growth. Option 3 needed 38,000 square feet onsite and 5,700
square feet offsite in 2032.

Mr. Ross explained the core building did not change, while the number of
sworn police officers and investigators would grow. Should the City decide
to overlay new services in the Police Department, the building could
accommodate growth through 2032 at 44,848 square feet. If new needs
occurred and the Council wanted to expand the building by 5,785 square
feet, then evidence and property storage could be moved to a remote
location.

Council Member Burt appreciated the configuration issue.           Mr. Ross
described the post-2032 scenario or unanticipated needs prior to 2032. A
version of that scenario that would apply between the current time and
2022, when anticipated growth occurred but not all the square footage
would be utilized. All square footage would be utilized in the later years of
this period. After 2032, Option 1 would provide additional room for growth if
evidence and property storage was moved offsite. Under Option 3, prior to
2022 evidence and property storage could be located onsite.

Council Member Holman asked if the spaces within the building were
designed for flexibility to adapt to changing needs. She noted the building
horizon was 2032, but it would not be built for possibly five to ten years.
She asked if 2032 was the appropriate horizon.

Mr. Ross stated the building would be fully utilized when it opened; there
would not be any empty rooms. Growth was built into Staff positions. The
                                                                           Page 9 of 21
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/13/12
