                                MINUTES
CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported Staff had defined boundaries for a
Residential Permit Parking pilot area within the Professorville neighborhood.
Residents living within the proposed pilot area received survey cards on June
15, 2012 to poll for interest for implementation of a pilot project in the fall.
Residents and property owners would be notified by mail of a July 16, 2012
meeting when results would be presented. A community meeting related to
living in vehicles was scheduled for June 26, 2012 at 7:00 P.M. Staff would
present options and recommendations to the Policy & Services Committee on
July 10, 2012. The Community Services Department kicked off summer
camp season on June 18, 2012. Typical annual enrollment was 5,500
campers in 150 camps. The Public Arts Commission was restoring the
midtown poetry wall on Middlefield Road.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Wynn Grcich stated tuna near the Japanese radiation leak had high radiation
levels and migrated around the world. She referenced a book titled Slow
Death by Rubber Duck, which reported radiation contamination. Chlorine
caused breast cancer according to a 1988 Greenpeace study.

Edward Kai stated there were no concession stands or vending machines at
the Rinconada pool. He suggested a concession stand would provide jobs for
young people.

Aram James gave Council Members an email he received from the Peninsula
Peace and Justice Center describing a vote taken at the Human Relations
Commission. He had not prepared a copy of the amicus brief by the ACLU
supporting Citizens United. He hoped for a community forum concerning
Citizens United with the ACLU and Peninsula Peace and Justice Center. He
needed the Council's support for a resolution to amend the Constitution to
abolish Citizens United. He continued to pursue the Joe Webb hate speech
initiative.

Michael Francois reported chemicals in the water contributed to breast
cancer. He read an article concerning a dirty water bill, H.R. 4965. The bill
threatened the drinking water of 117 million Americans.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
approve Agenda Item Nos. 4-9.

                                                                           Page 2 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/18/12
