in favor of a police building when the City now had less police officers. In
terms of whether the Council should be talking about near term or long
term, he asked the Council to remember the term limits and how many
years they would serve. They would be discussing the near term.

Council Member Holman concurred with comments regarding identification of
projects as new projects. For the Council to make informed decisions
regarding prioritization, other pieces of information were needed. The
current election cycle was too short to educate voters. The Council needed
an updated Public Safety Building proposal. The Council needed to know the
possible scenarios regarding Cubberley. She agreed with comments about
projects funded by City and grant dollars, partner projects, and Enterprise
Fund projects. Projections for TOT revenue did not include two new hotels.
She asked for an analysis of Post Office costs versus savings. The Council
wanted an MSC budget, because the $93 million amount seemed
exceedingly high. She requested a new report of the incremental change in
the Documentary Transfer Tax using either average or median sales price.
To the extent it was reasonable and feasible, she asked Staff to provide in
context the possibilities for labor reform costs versus savings moving
forward. Near-term and long-term terminology could be a good way to view
the three-year, five-year, and ten-year scenarios.

Mayor Yeh asked how the Council's input would be incorporated for the final
Retreat.

Mr. Keene stated many angles and perspectives had surfaced on this
framework for Staff to incorporate. As it related to the next Retreat, Staff
had directives from the prior and current Retreats. If the Council wanted a
ballot measure in 2012, the sooner Staff knew that the better. Even though
the Council had one more infrastructure retreat that would not be the last
meeting on the issue. The Council's leadership role and vision would be
checked and modified by polling. Aligning near-term and long-term projects
would provide a better sense of perspective, and allow the Council to give
more specific assignments.

Mayor Yeh said the Council should reflect on categorization of projects to
ensure it could reach a consensus at the end of the next and last Retreat
and make a decision about a ballot in 2012.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would perform a small amount of follow-up
research. To the extent the Council pushed projects into the possible or
probable but not necessary areas, and then the scope of discussion would
come into clearer focus. At that point, Staff could perform meaningful
research. If Council could reach that sort of conversation, then Staff could
perform the research efficiently to meet the Council's schedule.


                                    22                           4/30/2011
