                                   MINUTES

Vice Mayor Scharff wanted to address the point made by Mr. Stangel. He
asked if there was any indication that an Animal Services worker was
retiring. He realized it was a difficult process to go through, but he thought
Staff did a good job in creating a plan that worked. He confirmed that the
City Council did not deal with the layoffs, it only handled the fees.

Ms. Antil said that was correct, but Staff was also there to provide an
overview if anyone had questions beyond what was in the recommendation
about what they proposed.

Mr. Keene thought the requirement as it related to the item was that they
had to have a public hearing related to the fee portion. They either wanted
the Council’s blessing on the expenditure reductions, or if they did not
receive it they needed to be clear they could proceed without returning to
the Council. Part of the schedule was developed to give everyone as much
advance notice as possible.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
adopt the municipal fee charges related to animal services, and the
expenditure reductions.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he wished they did not have to make the
recommendation, but circumstances had dictated it. It was not easy to lay
employees off or suggest layoffs. He would rather go through attrition as a
process, but did not see it as a viable alternative given the City finances.

Council Member Klein agreed that it was hard to layoff good people.
However, the service area had been reduced so it was inevitable. He
confirmed that the layoffs did not occur until January 1, 2013.

Ms. Antil said that was correct.

Council Member Klein said that if there were more revenues or donations
they could possibly avoid some of the layoffs.

Ms. Antil said that they would return to Council at that point. The Staff
report showed a donation they received to cover the cost of a staff member
through the end of the year.

Council Member Klein said that was a message to the Friends of the Palo
Alto Animal Shelter.


                                                                        Page 77 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
