                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein stated the Cost of Service Study would not be
meaningful in relation to fees for parking at Cubberley. The same thing
would be true for the Children's Theater. He did not see any use of the
Council Contingency Fund in the Proposed Budget, and asked for an update.

Mr. Perez reported $250,000 was allocated for Council Contingency as the
annual amount in prior years.

Council Member Klein inquired if there was a policy reason for that.

Mr. Keene stated it was a contingency fund for use during the year as things
arose. Staff could provide a report for FY 2012.

Council Member Klein recalled the Council Contingency Fund had been used
for contingency matters and in the Budget.

Mr. Keene felt use of the Council Contingency Fund had been at the Council's
direction. As City Manager, he was reluctant to recommend the Council
Contingency Fund be used to fund a particular item.

Mr. Perez indicated use of Reserves to fund the Development Center CIP and
Airport loan was the reason the Council Contingency Fund was not an option.

Council Member Klein said that was a source of funds if the Council wished
to fund a minor project not included in the Budget.

Council Member Shepherd reported the FC did increase funding for InnVision
by $13,000 to compensate for the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) reduction. The FC considered using the Council Contingency Fund
for that.

Council Member Klein stated if the Council did not use any of the $250,000,
then it should not be included in the Budget.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested those funds should be used during the year.

Council Member Klein stated that was not the only way the fund was used in
the past.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the Council did not need to find a project in the
Budget for it now.
                                                                        Page 14 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/11/12
