                               MINUTES
Ms. Tucker clarified that Staff expected to return in November for approval
of a contract for a public opinion firm. Staff assumed a survey would be
released in the spring of 2013, but would rely on the public opinion firm's
advice.

Council Member Shepherd agreed with Council Member Klein's comments
and expected to receive help with the rank order. Childcare sites at each
elementary school campus were not listed. She suggested an assessment at
each site could garner public support. The Ventura site was also not listed;
however, it was part of the Cubberley process. A Council subcommittee
would be necessary to vet some of the projects.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to continue the discussion until midnight.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the Post Office should be added to the list.
Determination of the rank order would be influenced by polling. He inquired
if Staff was requesting the Council to approve the plan and the timeline.

Ms. Tucker answered yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff had a recommendation as to which existing
committee to send the Item to.

Ms. Tucker indicated that would be a decision for the Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if the subcommittee would be a Brown Act
Committee and what was done in 2008.

Ms. Tucker was unsure what was done in 2008.

Molly Stump, City Attorney did not have that information, but felt it was a
Brown Act Committee. It would be difficult to structure the committee any
other way.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff recommended it be a Brown Act Committee
and meet on regular basis.

Ms. Stump responded yes.

Council Member Klein did not recall a Council subcommittee for the 2008
measure.
                                                                        Page 16 of 20
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/18/12
