                              MINUTES
Ms. Cassel reported $40 million represented all costs including financing.
The actual construction cost was approximately $20 million. In addition,
Stevenson House had 120 units rather than 50 units contained in the other
projects.

Council Member Espinosa supported the Motion. It was imperative to
support these types of housing situations and services. It was an
appropriate use of funds.

Council Member Holman concurred with Mayor Yeh's comments.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION BY THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to request to commit a $1 million loan to the Stevenson
House rehabilitation.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the City would actually be loaning
the funds as no repayment schedule was identified.

Mr. Wong reported the loan would be 3 percent residual receipts with a
deferred 55-year term, consistent with past loans.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Yeh inquired whether Council Members wished to continue with both
Agenda Item 21; Update of Parking Program and Review and Direction on
Parking Policy Strategies and Agenda Item 22; Status Report on Current
High Speed Rail and Caltrain Electrification Issues Submitted for Council
Review and Comment.

Council Member Holman suggested deferring Agenda Item Number 21 and
continuing with Agenda Item Number 22.

Council Member Burt concurred with Council Member Holman's comments
and suggested the Council hear public testimony on Agenda Item 21 at the
current time.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for Staff's opinion on continuing Agenda Item
Number 21.

James Keene, City Manager felt Agenda Item Number 21 could be continued
if it was returned to the Council before January 2013. As the only probable
action item on the following week's Agenda was the public hearing on the
San Francisquito Creek/JPA Flood Protection project, Agenda Item Number
21 could be continued to that Agenda.
                                                                     Page 20 of 24
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/5/12
