Mr. Denapi reported a clean room was a room for employees to put on
smocks and contained positive pressure. There was too much traffic in and
out of the plate shop to have a clean room.

Council Member Holman asked whether reconstruction of plating shops
every 15 years was standard practice.

Mr. Fickett indicated it was not standard practice.           An important
differentiation was that the plate shop was not totally reconstructed. CPI
replaced tanks and piping in 1986 and 2005. Rebuilding depended on how
long equipment lasted and changes in state of the art concepts.

Council Member Holman asked if Mr. Tuma's statement regarding the
current ordinance was accurate.

Mr. Williams reported a facility could be located in CPI's location, but it could
not contain hazardous materials over Title XIX thresholds. It would have to
be set back 300 feet, and go through the process for a Conditional Use
Permit. If the facility was below Title XIX threshold requirements, there
were requirements for notification to neighbors if any part of the facility was
within 150 feet of a residential property and for accidental release and
emergency plans.

Council Member Holman noted the current Code required notification after
issuance of the building permit, and suggested that should be changed.

Mr. Williams recalled that was discussed at the Council hearing, and the
Council determined that it was appropriate to provide notice but it was
intended not to create a discretionary review situation.

Council Member Schmid noted representatives from the City and County
were present at the inspection of CPI regarding Title XIX thresholds, and
asked who was present from the City.

Mr. Simpkinson indicated Inspector Paul Johnson was present at the time.
The Fire Department was in the process of finalizing the documentation for
the inspection.

Council Member Schmid inquired if the official party was a County inspector.

Mr. Simpkinson answered yes.

Council Member Schmid asked if the County performed annual inspections or
only the Fire Department.



                                       17                           04/23/2012
