Council Member Holman concurred with the comments regarding the need
for clarity about the program for Public Safety Operations before funding a
Public Safety Building.

Mayor Yeh stated the goal was to maintain the overall schedule. He knew
that had an impact on catch-up/keep-up, but noted Colleagues wanted a
second round of comments on Public Safety. He thought it important for the
Council work toward the Next Steps piece. In terms of planning for future
meetings, the Vice Mayor and he would work with the City Manager to map
out topics. He suggested comments be directed towards Next Steps.

Mr. Keene agreed with the Mayor. He commented the need to arrange
subsequent meetings was borne out by the fact that the Council could only
continue with Public Safety and Next Steps. He viewed catch-up/keep-up as
a more complex discussion than the Public Safety discussion, and thought it
would be a mistake to think they could discuss catch-up/keep-up today.

Council Member Burt agreed that the Council couldn't have a deep discussion
that would allow resolution, but he thought it would be useful to touch on it.
He stated it could help frame the other issues to provide a sense of the
Council's thoughts. He agreed the primary discussion should be at a
subsequent meeting, but wanted to take a few minutes to determine where
the Council was at the current time.

Council Member Espinosa agreed it might be good to have Staff provide an
overview; however, he pointed out that there were five times as many
questions as in Public Safety. He suggested it would have to be Staff
walking through that topic for 15 to 20 minutes without Council discussion or
questions, because of the volume of questions.

Council Member Klein requested Mr. Burns provide a timely update on the
revised program for the Safety Public Building; Staff explore use of the Post
Office site and any other site they thought viable; and the City Manager
provide a proposed schedule for when these reports would come back to the
Council.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to direct Staff to return to Council with Chief Burns’ revised Public
Safety Building plan, information on the Post Office and any other potential
sites, and at the next Council meeting the City Manager is to report when
these reports will be available.




                                  37                   January 21, 2012 
 
