distributions.    He stated the transportation policies could be more
significant factors to review. He reported the plan was for ABAG and MTC
to develop a preferred scenario, which was likely to be a hybrid of these
scenarios, to present to their Boards in mid-March. Staff had continued to
attempt to make the point about the overall assumptions, demographics
and job projections as being out of sync with recent historic trends. Staff
felt it was not worth the effort to get into the real details with ABAG and
MTC concerning specific development in Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid reported the RHMC had its first public meeting on
January 26. He stated the bulk of the meeting was spent looking at the
VTA designations of the El Camino Real Corridor and Downtown as
potential PDAs. He indicated the Committee had an extensive discussion
about that and agreed with Staff that it did not make sense at this time to
move to a PDA designation with those two areas. He stated the Committee
reviewed the alternate scenarios, and discussed them and the economic
and demographic assumptions. He noted there was no action taken on
either of those. He reported the Committee had invited two School Board
members to participate in the activities of the RHMC, and there would be a
liaison from the PTC as well. He stated one of the goals of the Committee
was to reach out to the public, and the Committee had identified two ways
of doing that. He said the School Board members would be participants in
the activity of the Committee, but non-voting members, because the
essence of the Committee was to respond to the mandates on the City,
which the School District did not have a role in. However, he noted it was
difficult to make any decisions about housing growth in the City without
getting input from the School Board.

Dan Garber, Planning and Transportation Commissioner, reported Staff had
asked the PTC for two things: to provide input into the City's approach;
and to support Staff's recommendation to support the VTA's designation of
the El Camino Real Corridor as a planned community development area but
not the Downtown area.        He stated the PTC did not support Staff's
recommendation. Regarding the second piece to provide input regarding
the City's approach, he reported comments from several of the
Commissioners. Commissioner Tuma stated that if at some point in the
future, the City or County VTA annexed the El Camino Corridor as a GOA,
the City should look to potentially reduce the width of the boundary so that
it did not include the R1 zoned areas, which currently overlapped; noted
that even if the housing projection was reduced even by half, that would
then be approximately 6,000+ units and 25 percent more housing than the
City had now and represented a dramatic impact on the community;
supported Staff's position of asking the MTC not to require certification of
the Housing Element. He indicated all of these comments were in general
supported by all of the Commission. Commissioner Feinberg suggested
that these issues were harder to deal with in communities with no open

                                     23                          02/21/2012
