                      DRAFT MINUTES
stopped fluoridation.      Mr. Connett was interested in any
symptoms people had of fluoride such as discoloration of teeth
and vomiting. He read a story out of a book entitled, “The Slow
Poisoning of America,” written by John and Michelle Erb which
went with the “Dumbification of America” by George Soros. The
story was about a three year old child named William who was
given fluoride by a dental hygienist, ingested it and died.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor
Yeh to move Agenda Item 13 to become Agenda Item No. 17A.

Council Member Holman voiced a no vote on Agenda Item No. 14.

City Manager, James Keene said that there was a question from
Council on Agenda Item No. 8. He stated that he thought it was
appropriate to add the language from the body of the Report into
the formal recommendation that Council would adopt.             The
language read as follows, “in addition Staff will work with College
Terrace residents to explore public/private partnerships or other
means to landscape the traffic circles and bulb-outs.”           He
explained that was part of the report and recommendations Staff
made.

Doria Summa spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8. She said that
she was a resident of College Terrace and was also the City
Observer for the College Terrace Residents Association Board of
Directors.   She was also a member of the Traffic Calming
Committee from the beginning, which was almost 10 years ago.
The process began for the traffic calming with a petition to City
Council from 225 residents in 1999. After that Staff confirmed
the need for the Traffic Calming Program. Stanford’s General Use
Permit conditions provided $200,000 in funding and a new office
building at the corner of California Avenue and Hanover Street.
Council approved the project in 2004. Although the process was
lengthy, it was productive and resulted in a reduction of vehicle
                                                                    Page 8 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
