                                MINUTES

Vice Mayor Scharff noticed the bulk of the funding was for Across Barrier
Connections (ABC). He asked for clarification on the location of the ABC
Projects.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the main ABC project was the Adobe Creek-Highway
101 project at an estimated cost of $8-$10 million. The second ABC project
was the Caltrain-Alma Street Project at an estimated cost of $5 million.
Another project at an estimated cost of $3 million was improving or
replacing the ABC at Palo Alto Transit Center at University. Upgrading the
Matadero Creek ABC across Highway 101 would cost approximately $1.1
million. A bridge crossing over San Francisquito Creek was in progress
through a partnership with East Palo Alto. A crossing of San Francisquito
Creek at Middlefield Road would cost approximately $1 million. The Page
Mill Road at Interstate 280 ABC could cost between $25-$30 million.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether Staff planned to present a credible
funding plan and timeline.

Mr. Williams expected to develop an implementation plan in the fall.

James Keene, City Manager, reported some funding was available from
existing grants. Staff would be more aggressive in pursuing other grant
opportunities, and would present recommendations regarding Stanford
dollars. There was an opportunity to compete for county funding as part of
the Stanford Agreement for the General Use Permit.            The larger
infrastructure funding discussion would be held in September.

MOTION:       Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to adopt Staff recommendation and adopt the Negative Declaration
and the Resolution amending the Transportation Element of the
Comprehensive Plan to incorporate the 2012 Bicycle and Pedestrian
Transportation Plan. Furthermore, Staff is to provide updates on the
incorporation of the plan every three months as an information report, and
every six months for Council approval. Staff is to return to Council in the fall
with different funding options and a timetable.

Council Member Espinosa said Staff had worked hard to incorporate
community feedback into the Plan. He asked for Staff's thoughts regarding
regular updates concerning funding and implementation.




07-09-2012                                                               111-154
