                               MINUTES
Mr. Eggleston reported cost estimates were obtained from various sources.
In general, the estimates needed work.

Council Member Klein asked whether Staff had prepared a budget or a
timeline for a budget.

Mr. Eggleston indicated it was in one of the tracks to set aside funding for
design and environmental review.

Council Member Klein clarified he was inquiring about costs of the projects
rather than costs of the campaign.

Mr. Eggleston stated that preparing schematic designs would allow Staff to
develop better cost estimates.

Council Member Klein asked if the IBRC used costs supplied by Staff.

Mr. Eggleston reported the IBRC used Staff estimates in some instances and
older sources in other instances. Where the IBRC used older sources, Staff
had used an escalator.

Ms. Tucker said Staff would refine costs should they receive some
concurrence on the projects.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff develop a timeline to have better
estimates of costs in order to share them with the public.

Ms. Tucker agreed.

Council Member Klein supported Staff's statement that costs would be
included in the bond and returnable to the General Fund. The Council should
rank order projects within the next month or six weeks.

Council Member Schmid favored the clear strategy, outreach, survey, and
citizens group. It was inaccurate to state the IBRC had a Cubberley
recommendation. He suggested determining the total bond amount to
request and then creating combinations of projects totaling the bond amount
to learn which combinations appeal to a variety of constituents. A better
description of alternate financial sources would be helpful to show the
Council was not asking citizens for all the needed funds. A March 2013 date
for release of a survey would allow the formulation of questions while
knowing the outcome of federal and state elections.


                                                                      Page 15 of 20
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/18/12
