                               MINUTES
provide input. He asked how the Council could modify the Letter of Intent
with TheatreWorks.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated the Letter of Intent was a preliminary
document and not a binding contractual agreement. It was subject to
modification.

Council Member Burt wanted to ensure that the theater had a minority of its
time available for other public uses. The Advisory Ballot Measure would be
binding on his decision on the project.

Ms. Stump explained Staff conceived the process as a preliminary
opportunity for the public to provide input on the overall vision. If the
Advisory Ballot Measure occurred and the Council moved forward after that
to pursue the vision, it would require many additional actions involving
formal work of various Boards and Commissions and further public input
through those processes.

Council Member Burt asked if the project would continue if the voters did not
approve the Advisory Ballot Measure.

Ms. Stump indicated the Council could pursue the project after the Advisory
Ballot Measure through its normal process.

Council Member Burt would abide by the community's vote. This project had
enormous community benefits. The theater and plaza would be the most
significant public building in the City and would be a great asset. The
redesign of the intermodal center was extremely important for the City. He
assumed the project would require transportation demand management
(TDM). He suggested the 50-foot height limit return to the Council for
reaffirmation and endorsement in principle prior to the entire project
returning to the Council. The site and development would necessarily be
above the height limit; however, heights of the buildings could be reduced
by modestly increasing building footprints.

Council Member Schmid supported the vision as a whole. The transit circle
was an effective solution to the movement of people from Caltrain to local
transit systems. The theater and plaza would be a good addition to cultural
life. Transit connections through the area would bring vitality to an isolated
area. All material mentioned office space but not retail space. The Master
Plan needed a magnet to draw people into the area. He suggested the
Letter of Intent be revised to indicate the City had some influence over use
of the theater space. He favored the Homer underpass over the Lytton
underpass. Discussion of benefits should include economic benefits to the
                                                                        Page 19 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/24/12
