                              MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether enforcement of fees, such as dog
licenses, would be part of the program.

Mr. Keene indicated many suggestions had been made, and Staff would have
to put them together in the best possible recommendation for the Council.

Council Member Shepherd suggested Staff update language regarding
roofing replacement on page 86 of the CIP Budget, because some of the
buildings would not exist in FY 2013.

Mr. Keene said Staff would supply more information at the upcoming
Retreat.

Council Member Holman suggested Staff consider patching rather than
reroofing and other ways to economize.

Mr. Perez stated Staff would only perform essential and necessary work to
have a safe facility. Any work beyond that had been deferred.

Council Member Espinosa commended the City Manager for having the
Council think about the right things and the right approach. There had been
a focus on infrastructure investments, and it was reflected in the Budget
with increased investment. He commended Staff for their creative thinking
in solving problems. He felt donation boxes in state parks usually worked,
and was not inappropriate in those scenarios. The FC considered the
Proposed Budget thoughtfully, but some issues would not be resolved for a
few more months.

Mayor Yeh inquired about resources dedicated to the Infrastructure
Management System (IMS) and about its use in discussion of the FY 2014
Budget.

Mr. Perez mentioned at the April 30, 2012 meeting that Staff had included a
$300,000 CIP placeholder for acquisition of an IMS. Staff was reviewing
various programs and systems. Mr. Sartor was moving forward with a
position to help manage infrastructure from a public works perspective.
Staff envisioned the community would wish to access data points and plans
for the future. Many pieces would combine with the IMS.

Mayor Yeh asked if the total expenditure for the FY 2013 CIP Budget was
approximately $20 million.

                                                                     Page 19 of 25
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 6/11/12
