    authorizing Staff to refinance and reassess $33,695,000 in outstanding
    2001 and 2002 University Avenue Off-Street Parking Assessment District
    (Improvement) Bonds. The following approvals are necessary conditions
    for the proposed refinancing pursuant to the Refunding Act of 1984 for
    1915 Improvement Act Bonds (the “Refunding Law”):

       A. Resolution 9227 Declaring its Intention to Levy Reassessments and to
       Issue Refunding Bonds.
       B. Resolution 9228 Adopt a “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
       Alto Adopting Reassessment Report, Confirming and Ordering the
       Reassessment by Summary Proceedings and Authorizing and Directing
       Related Actions.”
       C. Resolution 9229 Authorizing the Issuance of Refunding Bonds and
       Approval and Authorizing Related Documents and Actions.

    MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Holman Absent

    13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Initiation of: (1) a Zone Change from CC-L
          (Community Commercial with a Landscape Combining District) to PF-
          D (Public Facility with a Site and Design Combining District) and (2) a
          Comprehensive Plan Amendment from Streamside Open Space to
          Major Institution / Special Facilities, for the Ronald McDonald House at
          50 El Camino Real/520 Sand Hill Road.

    Public Hearing opened at 10:22 P.M.

    Public Hearing closed at 10:42 P.M.

    MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
    to accept Staff recommendation to initiate the rezone request from
    Community Commercial with a Landscape Combining District (CC(L)) to
    Public Facility with a Site and Design Combining District (PF(D)) and initiate
    the request for a Comprehensive Plan Amendment from Streamside Open
    Space to Major Institution/Special Facilities for 50 El Camino Real.

    MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Klein, Yeh not participating, Holman Absent

    Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

    Council Member Shepherd reported that Project Safety Net was recognized
    in Western City Magazine. She also reported that she attended a recent
    Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Policy Advisory
    Committee Meeting as an alternate. She said they announced 100 percent
    of their electrical needs in their yard were met by solar energy. She said
    the certified housing element requirement by the Metropolitan
                                     4                  February 13, 2012 
 
