                      DRAFT MINUTES
leadership level he worried that they would not feel it was their
plan and that the City was potentially railroading them.

Council Member Price thought the Guiding Principles were well
done and that many of her comments had been addressed. She
had some wording suggestions and then several issues that
needed to be explored. With respect to Guiding Principle Number
7 one of the recommendations was that they specify it by a time
period, but she suggested the last sentence say “during the
various phases cost sharing agreements will be implemented to
insure fairness to all parties.” She knew that was more of a
process piece, but given the complexities of the site and the
different elements it made sense.        With respect to Guiding
Principle Number9 she had a wording modification that
complemented Council Member Schmid’s points. She suggested
“Essential to the maintenance of educational opportunities and
excellence and the overall health and wellbeing of our
community.” She appreciated the comment made about the
economic impacts of a high quality school district, which was
touched on earlier in the meeting. Guiding Principle Number 14
was important in terms of the residential neighborhoods. The
way it read was that residential neighborhoods were a factor, but
she suggested something like “the perspectives and engagement
of the residential neighborhoods surrounding Cubberley” with the
rest of it remaining the same. Guiding Principle Number 15 on
transportation issues, she would modify to “transportation issues
and access/egress to Cubberley shall be considered in evaluating
possible” with the rest remaining the same. In an ideal world she
felt the Guiding Principles would begin as a joint document. If
they were discussing massive complex plans for a site, they
needed to start with Guiding Principles that had both entities tied
together. She recognized and was concerned that the Guiding
Principles could be the stalling factor in the process. However,
she did not know if that statement was made to PAUSD. She
thought joint Guiding Principles would work more in the spirit of
collaboration up front, which was something everyone wanted.
She thought this would be exciting and creative and that it would
                                                                   Page 53 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
