                               MINUTES
ACTION ITEMS

13.   Direction on Downtown Parking Strategies and Approval of Trial
      Residential Permit Parking Program In and Around the Professorville
      Neighborhood.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, said one
of the main points he wanted to make was that while they would probably
spend most of the time that evening discussing the trial permit program in
the Professorville area that it was a small but important part of a more
comprehensive look at the downtown parking situation. There were a
number of efforts related to parking management, supply, and demand that
the City had worked on. There was an active permit management system
they recently put into place to distribute permits. Staff was beginning a
parking garage study to look at the supply issue as well as more efficient
ways to use the garages and parking lots. They were looking at a number of
technologies and parking enhancements to more efficiently use the spaces
and publicize and provide mobile technology for information purposes. They
were before Council to discuss the trial program for a portion of
Professorville but would then go into a larger look at areas of downtown
including Downtown North. They also had a bicycle share program parking
efforts that they were undertaking to study bike parking as well as vehicular
parking. In terms of the parking garage study the Staff was looking at using
some of the funding provided by the Lytton Gateway project to complete a
feasibility study of three or four parking lot sites in the downtown area. The
study would determine the feasibility of construction of additional garages at
those locations and the capacity and construction costs. Staff was also
looking at a trial of attendant parking in some of the garages to see if there
was a way to provide more spaces and increase the use of the garage space
the City had more efficiently. He said they would continue to evaluate the
balance of permit and hourly spaces in those garages. They had already
converted some hourly spaces to permit spaces which had helped create
more parking supply for permits. On the technology side they looked at
parking guidance systems which let people know how many spaces were
available. They also looked at evaluating gate controls to allow for metered
parking and longer stays downtown. Specifically related to the proposed
residential parking permit trial program in Professorville, Staff visited with
the Council in fall 2011 regarding the broad parking program efforts. Many
people attended the meeting who were concerned about the parking impacts
from downtown on the Professorville area. He said they convened a Staff
generated group to discuss those issues further and included a handful of
active residents and representatives from downtown businesses. There were
also Staff members and one Council Member and one Planning and
Transportation Commissioner in the group.               They met monthly for
                                                                         Page 6 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
