                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams answered yes. It was a gray area, because they were providing
40 attendant parking spaces. The combination of attendant parking spaces
and contributions were a valuable effort towards addressing the parking
needs.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the project fully parked itself, but it did not improve
Downtown parking. Therefore, there was not an additional public benefit of
providing more parking spaces. He expressed concerns about the allocation
of public benefits, which seemed to support affordable housing more than
parking.

Mr. Williams reported the Council did not indicate a specific dollar amount,
so Staff attempted to obtain an amount equivalent to the number of BMR
units removed from the project.

James Keene, City Manager indicated the Council could pursue or be willing
to receive an almost unlimited number of public benefits. Nothing limited
the Council's consideration of alternatives that could advance community
needs equally or better than that.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked Staff to show on a map the street improvements
that were removed from the project.

Mr. Williams believed the two changes were a striped rather than concrete
median and the traffic signal.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the applicant would replace two rather than four
corners of the traffic facility controlling Alma Street movements. Previously,
the applicant planned a landscaped median island along Alma Street, but
now planned a painted median.

Council Member Price referenced language indicating the Director of Planning
and Community Environment would review and monitor TDM plans and had
the authority to request modifications. She asked how many TDM programs
Staff was currently monitoring, and had Staff requested modifications to any
projects.

Mr. Williams reported few projects requiring TDM monitoring had been
constructed and were operating. The Campus for Jewish Life was probably
the only one. Staff had received the first annual monitoring report and
recommended some minor modifications. He did not think there were
formalized TDM conditions like this on other projects. Some programs were
not required as a mitigation measure.

                                                                         Page 16 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
