                               MINUTES
IRS Code Section 501(c)(3) organizations and other charitable organizations
not qualifying under Section 501(c)(3).

Mr. Williams answered no.

Council Member Klein explained Section 501(c)(3) organizations had limited
abilities to lobby. Section 501(c)(4) organizations could lobby on many
topics. He was concerned that the City would be sponsoring an organization
that could lobby for and against issues involving the City. He asked if the
office space for non-profit organizations could be converted to retail space.

Mr. Williams replied yes.     It had frontage on Lytton Avenue and was
rectangular shaped.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the public would be able to see from
the street a business located in that space.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

Council Member Shepherd asked the applicant how it selected the architect
and design, and what features made this project a gateway building. The
architect was well known in the Bay area and had designed some
noteworthy buildings.

Mr. Smith stated the architect was the best in the area. This was one of the
most expensive buildings that could be built on the site. It had underground
parking and was meant to be a beautiful, memorable gateway building. One
of the public benefits was this beautiful building at the entrance to
Downtown Palo Alto.

Ted Korth, Korth, Sunseri, Hagey Architects, reported the building was
designed to be prominent on this important corner. The materials were
warm in color and texture, with transparent glass on the building so the
public could see into and out of the building. The base of the project was
designed to respond to the street scale. There were two-story elements at
the base with canopies at the second floor. The scale of the project was
human, and the projecting canopies provided protection from the weather
and a sense of comfort. There was a two-story lobby at the corner, with the
corner element extending taller than the last occupied floor to celebrate the
prominence to the corner and to become part of the gateway to the City.
Exterior garden terraces at the top level provided a location for looking at
the views. Sun shades on the southeast and southwest sides provided scale
and comfort for people inside the building. The glass fins at the corner were
distinctive design elements and provided shading for building occupants.
                                                                       Page 12 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/14/12
