                                MINUTES
room was approximately the same as a standard classroom.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff had talked with anyone in
commercial real estate to determine if there might be interest in the
proposed vacant space in City Hall and an approximate amount that could
offset some of these costs.

Mr. Keene did not believe there had been a recent conversation.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director recalled there had been interest
five years ago, but Staff had not updated the information.          Property
Managers were concerned that the glass wall between the front counter area
and Chambers could diminish rent from comparable office space by
approximately $1.00 per square foot.       He believed Property Managers
remained interested in the space.

Mr. Keene stated office space in the Downtown area was in demand.

Council Member Klein asked for a status update on the Post Office.

Curtis Williams, Planning & Community Environment Director, reported Staff
had commissioned an appraisal, a structural analysis, and an historical
analysis. The structural analysis indicated it was cost prohibitive to convert
the Post Office to an essential facility. The appraisal contained inaccuracies,
and Staff was obtaining more information for an updated appraisal.

Council Member Klein asked for the size of the Post Office.

Mr. Williams stated 22,000 square feet.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff should have that information soon.

Mr. Williams stated Staff would have the information in the next few weeks.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff felt the Council should not consider
purchasing the Post Office, because the cost to convert it would be
prohibitive.

Mr. Sartor agreed. Converting a historic building to an essential facility and
meeting the State historic preservation standards would be cost prohibitive.

Council Member Klein asked Staff to provide all costs comprising the
construction cost of $1,000 per square foot.

                                                                          Page 5 of 21
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/13/12
