      Improvements, With Two Concessions Under State Housing Density
      Bonus Law (GC65915), and Approval of a Mitigated Negative
      Declaration, On A 2.5 Acre Parcel At 195 Page Mill Road And 2865
      Park Boulevard, * Quasi-Judicial.

Public Hearing opened at 9:37 P.M.

Public Hearing closed at 9:46 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve Staff recommendation to deny the Architectural Review
Application (uphold the appeal) by approving the Record of Land Use Action
for Denial. Additionally, Findings 1, 2, 3, and 5 cannot be made.

Mayor Yeh left the meeting at 10:04 P.M.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to continue this item to June 25, 2012.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER that the applicant consider a
variety of changes to the project with the expectation that substantive
changes will occur beyond what was offered tonight. Suggested concepts to
be considered should include and not be limited to: 1) development that
facilitates a pedestrian environment, 2) public space that supports public
activity, 3) each unit having clear relationship to residential units to the
public street, and 4) transitional elements to adjacent buildings and uses.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

Council took a break from 10:49 P.M. until 11:00 P.M.

17.   Approval of Budget and Schedule for Technical Analysis of Hazardous
      Materials Implications for Zoning at Industrial Locations and for Plating
      Shop Operations at Communications and Power Industries (CPI) at
      811 Hansen Way.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to accept Staff recommendation to authorize Staff to retain
contract services of up to $35,000 to: (1) conduct an assessment of CPI’s
plating shop operation, including evaluation of both past reports and
methodologies related to CPI’s operations and “best practices” and current
operations; and (2) prepare technical support information related to zoning,
amortization and hazardous materials issues. City staff also will identify
potential Zoning and Fire Code amendments, if appropriate, with input from
the selected consultant.      Furthermore, should the consultant study fall
behind, the Council will receive a report updating on the status prior to the 6
                                       6                          06/04/2012
