                               MINUTES
of $300,000 would lower the budgeted amount to $700,000 under which the
Department could operate. Private donations, improved efficiency, higher
fees, and strong marketing could raise $300,000. Volunteers could close a
$300,000 gap, but not a $500,000 gap. Supervisor Liz Kniss had granted
$47,000 to Animal Services. Laying off two, three, or four employees to
close a $500,000 gap would result in longer response times, fewer
employees in the office, and possibly fewer volunteers. She asked the
Council not to create a permanent solution to a temporary problem by
reducing human capital.

Dhruv Khanna reported for the last 50 years Palo Alto has not pumped any
material groundwater. It had been captive to the San Francisco Public
Utilities Commission (SFPUC), which imported water from Hetch Hetchy. It
was understandable that Palo Alto would increase rates as the SFPUC
increased its rates; however, he had never seen 50+ percent rate increases.
The City should begin pumping groundwater. Staff indicated they had
reviewed this, but the City was limited by the amount of water it could pump
from the existing eight wells. He suggested the Council consider 12 or 13
wells in different locations within the City, pumping them at different times,
and monitoring water quality and levels.

Ali Rahba expressed concern about annual rate increases. He could not
remain efficient, because he could not save anything. The prior year's fixed
amount was $13 per 1-inch meter, and that was being increased to $27. He
asked why he had to pay the same amount for wastewater as someone else
who used more water. He suggested adjusting the sewer line according to
usage. The Council needed another method for increasing rates.

Wynn Grcich noted the other side of the Bay paid half the amount of water
rates as Palo Alto. The public could sign a petition and submit it to stop the
rate increase. Agenda 21, depopulation, wanted to decrease water usage to
8 gallons per day.      Cities increased water rates to decrease usage.
Groundwater was being used for drinking water, because the pipes were
closed in Fremont. Sewage sludge was contaminating groundwater.

Fred Balin stated the Council needed to make the Budget process more
transparent. Engine 2 was slated for brownout; although, that was not
specifically stated in the Proposed Budget and not mentioned in the Staff
presentation to the FC. The Council could not state how much engine
response times would increase or whether it could meet the 90 percent
response time in the Stanford contract. Approval of this proposal would
mark the beginning of an experiment. If it was not successful, the Council
would need to curtail the additional paramedic service, increase overtime,
and/or add Staff. In that context, the FC's discussion of freezing versus
                                                                         Page 7 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/18/12
