                      DRAFT MINUTES
reflected the Emergency Preparedness Plan condition added
during the PTC review. The Emergency Preparedness Plan also
appeared in the Architectural Review Board (ARB) Staff Report as
well. She said the condition would be added back into the final
Record of Land Use Action reflecting Council action. Staff, the
ARB, and the PTC were confident that traffic circulation and
parking were sufficient for the project and that the project would
not have an adverse impact on the environment.

Mark Michael, Planning and Transportation Commissioner said the
Staff Report was comprehensive and accurate in all respects. The
issues that received the most attention from the PTC were the
traffic and safety issues. He said that the verbatim minutes of
the PTC were included with the Staff Report and that Council
could see the numerous questions asked by the PTC regarding
the issues presented by the neighboring property owners who
had commissioned a traffic study. That study was compared to
the Applicant’s study. He said that Jaime Rodriguez confirmed
the Staff evaluation of those issues, which led to the PTC voting
unanimously to support the proposal. The intended use of the
site was permitted. The PTC reviewed neighbors’ concerns at
great length and balanced them with the Comprehensive Plan
objectives which were all satisfied. He reiterated that the PTC
unanimously voted to bring the project to the Council.

Kevin Jones, Applicant said he was with Kenneth Rodrigues &
Partners Architects. He gave an overview of the project located
on East Bayshore Road. To the left and right of the project were
two existing office buildings, the Baylands were behind it and
Freeway 101 was in front. The proposal was to provide for the
Mustard Seed Center. There were no proposed revisions to the
façade of the building. There were changes to the back which
allowed for outdoor play areas. He said that it was largely a use
modification.   The proposed zoning ROLM zone allowed for
licensed childcare use. The building was about 15,000 square
feet and would provide service to about 117 children. He said it
was a licensed daycare facility with the Department of Social
                                                                  Page 19 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
