Mr. Bobel said they needed time to discuss the situation further with the
regulatory agencies. Staff did not have an answer for Council about how
much longer composting could continue.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Staff might return to Council with a plan
to keep composting open longer than three to four months.

Mr. Bobel said Staff thought that the main item on the agenda would be this
issue of the one year cap extension. He said that Staff would prepare a
timeline that showed decision making and would bring that back to Council
for a focused meeting on compost.

Council Member Shepherd clarified that Staff had not decided if it would
recommend closing composting after enough was accumulated for the
vegetative soil.

Mr. Bobel said that was correct.

Council Member Schmid said that a major issue with open windrow
composting was the health issue. He said that in the United Kingdom,
Europe, Canada, Australia, California, Wisconsin, and New Jersey there has
been concern over the health effects of aspergillus farmageddon, otherwise
known as compost dust. He said that the consensus of the regulatory
agencies was that there must be a buffer zone of between 250 and 500
meters around open window composting. He said that in the last 20 years
there had been a buffer zone. Now that there was less of a buffer zone, he
questioned if people who used those areas were in a health danger.

Mr. Bobel said that Staff did not believe there was a health danger and
stated that the regulatory agencies agreed.

Council Member Schmid said that every regulation he saw stated that this
was a health issue. He questioned if there would be a health study.

Mr. Bobel said Staff would do its best to bring back information about
possible health issues.

Council Member Schmid said that the best comprehensive study had been
done by Cornell Waste Management System. He said that it had done a
literature survey across the world and concluded that the regulations had
reached consensus that 250 and 500 meters were the right distance.



                                   10                  February 6, 2012
  
