Mayor Yeh said the proposed Amendment was not accepted by the Makers of
the original Motion.

Council Member Burt stated there had been prior discussions to make the
Stanford Development a major project and was folded into Land Use &
Transportation Planning and was an on-going element for the City.

Council Member Espinosa needed the Amendment clarified.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated there would be Five Council Priorities and
proposed to replace Land Use and Transportation Planning with
Infrastructure.

Council Member Espinosa stated that flushing out work from work plans
evolved from Staff in setting Priorities. He wanted to get Staff’s input to
help determine if Infrastructure fell into one of the existing Priorities or if it
should stand on its own.

Mayor Yeh stated Infrastructure was categorized under City Finances in the
2011 Strategic Summary. He said the Priorities could go back to P&S for
further definitions once the Council took action on the 2012 Priorities. P&S
could revisit the goals and Infrastructure could be framed under City
Finances. His preference would be to focus on Infrastructure for 2012,
which would be a multi-year effort.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Cubberley discussion was a missing
gap. There was a methodology in working with the School District on
Cubberley but was separate from Infrastructure.            She said Cubberley
discussions needed more clarity in its definition, goals, and focus.

City Manager, James Keene said he understood Council Member Shepherd’s
concerns and asked what method would be used to determine if
Infrastructure should be a Priority. The process could open up other areas
to determine if other goals and initiatives needed more clarity that had not
previously been identified.

Council Member Schmid stated it appeared that the group was going down
two paths; setting priorities and establishing general categories on how to
frame things. He did not support the Amendment and was in favor of
sending the matter to P&S for further discussions and make
recommendations on changes to the Council.

Council Member Holman needed clarification on the Motion.
                                     3                    January 21, 2012 
 
