Mr. Anderson stated disclosures varied by company. Coldwell Banker had a
Barron Park disclosure that stated there was an issue.

Council Member Shepherd stated potential purchasers were made aware of
the problem.

Mr. Anderson reported not all companies disclosed that.

Council Member Shepherd referenced an email from residents regarding
alarms sounding and not knowing who to call for information. She inquired
about the procedure for residents to gain information when alarms sounded.

Mr. Fickett said there was a number at CPI for residents to call.

Paul Denapi, Manager of Facilities Department, CPI, indicated CPI tested its
fire protection system periodically, and neighbors could hear that alarm. CPI
had provided a telephone number for the security office, which was manned
24 hours a day. When testing alarms, CPI did not notify anyone. If there
was a release, CPI would contact the Fire Department immediately.

Council Member Shepherd asked if there was any direct communication
between CPI and residents.

Mr. Denapi reported CPI's responsibility was to contact the Fire Department.
The Fire Department had a communication system to notify employees and
residents of Palo Alto.

Council Member Shepherd asked if conservative scenarios for an accident
included the mixing of toxins in one area.

Mr. Mahar reported Risk Management Professionals considered extreme
cases of mixing all possible potassium cyanide onsite in the plating room
with excess quantities of nitric acid under various conditions, to assure
themselves that there was not a risk to the community without any
necessity for emergency response.

Council Member Shepherd asked for the meaning of without the necessity
for any emergency response.

Mr. Mahar stated the distance at a threshold that could hurt somebody did
not go offsite.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if that meant that there would be an
alarm onsite, but the neighbors would not know there was an emergency
inside the plant.


                                      12                            04/23/2012
