                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams understood the timing was necessary primarily because fill was
available.   It was an opportunity to receive free fill and stockpile it.
Minimizing start-up time and costs would be beneficial. The Site and Design
Permit approved the location for the stockpile and the work to be done on
the levees. He suggested the Council separately consider limiting the
quantity of soil to what was necessary for the levees only.         If Staff
determined a need for fill for the Golf Course before approval of the Golf
Course plan, Staff would return to the Council with that. He had not been
involved in discussions of fees for fill.

Council Member Holman asked if accepting dirt now would impact play on
the Golf Course. The area outlined in the scope of the Project for accepting
fill was quite large.

Rob De Geus, Recreation Manager reported stockpiling dirt on the 13-acre
site on the Golf Course would impact the Golf Course. Staff had considered
rerouting the Golf Course around the stockpile to keep the Golf Course open.
More than likely fill would not be brought onto the Golf Course until spring.

Mr. Keene stated there could be some fill available before the spring for
which the City could charge a fee.

Mr. De Geus indicated Staff felt it was not advantageous to accept soil
before spring, because it would disrupt play on the Golf Course. Staff was
attempting to bring in soil close to the beginning of construction to minimize
impacts to the Golf Course.

Council Member Holman reiterated her question regarding timing.

Mr. Williams felt fill was currently available that might not be available in
sufficient quantities later.   There were two areas where fill could be
stockpiled: a 13.3-acre site and a parking lot. It would be useful for Staff to
have a route for trucking the fill.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid that acceptance of fill prior to necessary need for
construction project should not interfere with playability of the Golf Course.

Council Member Holman believed Staff comments indicated some soil was
currently available. Impacting the playability of the Golf Course would result
in loss of revenue.

Council Member Schmid felt the request was premature, because the Council
had not studied the impacts. The Amendment suggested Staff consider
                                                                         Page 15 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/13/12
