                               MINUTES
COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein said he attended the National League of Cities Annual
Congress of Cities meeting. He discussed several tours he participated in
including a tour focusing on the relationship between technology and
services, and a tour of a combined community center elementary school. He
discussed a presentation by the Mayor of Tallahassee, Florida who is a
proponent for smart grid systems in Boston.

Council Member Shepherd announced she had been appointed by the League
of California Cities to serve on the Transportation, Communication, and
Public Works Legislative Committee. She said the Bay Area Council was the
lead agency on the recent trip to Yangpu, China. The Bay Area Council had
an agreement to open a trade office in Yangpu to bring business into the Bay
Area. They were working on the 100,000 Strong Initiative. She discussed
the High Speed Rail system in China. The Bay Area Council has been invited
to tour Palo Alto.

Mayor Yeh expressed appreciation for the guidance and support to the
delegation to Yangpu. He discussed the meeting with VMWare and said the
Palo Alto group formed a relationship with the executives at this company.
He also discussed meetings with Finnegan Law Firm and how they related
back to the youth in this country. He said a Smart City Conference was
discussed while there. He had toured the incomplete second tallest building
in the world being built to LEED Gold standards.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve the minutes of October 15, October 22, and November 5, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Espinosa absent

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Rita Vrdal reported the property line dispute with St. Elizabeth Seton (1095
Channing Avenue) had not been resolved. The Item was scheduled for the
Consent Calendar on December 17, 2012, and she requested it be removed.
She had received an offer from the church, but it did not appear to be
satisfactory.




                                                                       Page 2 of 32
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/3/12
