Gayle Olsen said the back of her property faced toward the shopping center so
she was concerned about height of buildings, activity, available services and
lighting. She felt the community received the plans well and was excited
about Fresh Market. She felt Albertson's, the prior tenant of the grocery, did
not upgrade the building and provided poor quality and expensive produce.
She stated the neighborhood was excited about having a place to walk or bike
to. She indicated she was a member of the ACC and supported this Project.

Alan Sonneme felt at this point any objection to the height of housing was
moot; however, he thought traffic and parking were important. He felt Staff
was looking back rather than forward, as Palo Alto's traffic was increasing
exponentially. He reported the traffic light at St. Francis backed up traffic for
two or three blocks. He suggested Staff make projections of where traffic
would be if the shopping center was successful.           He stated it was an
extremely dangerous situation which would be compounded by traffic from
the shopping center. He urged the Council to ensure that these issues were
addressed before it approved the Project.

Brenda Erwin reported she was the Edgeway President of Woodland Creek
Condos in East Palo Alto. She indicated the group had compiled the petition in
the Council's Packet. She stated they supported the Project, but wanted safe
access to it by either walking or biking. She said the petition contained 75
signatures, and asked the Council to do what it could.

Heather Rosmarin had personally observed the hazardous conditions on West
Bayshore Road. She indicated the stretch of road where the sidewalk ended
at San Francisquito Bridge had two blind turns, very fast cars, no curb and no
protection of any kind. She stated numerous letters and comments had
reported these hazards in this process and in the EIR process. She thought
the EIR did not adequately address concerns; therefore, she formally objected
to certification unless hazards were mitigated. She suggested the Council
make sidewalk fulfillment a Condition of the Project or offer direction to Staff
to create a CIP. She appreciated Staff's inclusion of sidewalk remediation in
the Pedestrian Bicycle Plan, but noted it had no funding and no timeline. She
agreed that mitigation of traffic hazards needed to be aligned with the
timeline of the Project.

Jinny Henke, stated she was most concerned about safety. She said it was
very difficult for motorists to turn left onto St. Francis from Embarcadero to go
to the shopping center. She indicated motorists exiting Highway 101 did
reduce their speed as they left the Highway, but many traveled down
Embarcadero heading west at a reduced speed of 50 miles an hour. She felt a
dedicated left-turn arrow would make it possible for more than one or two
motorists to turn left onto St. Francis, because currently at peak traffic times
cars could not turn left onto St. Francis. She noted the decreased number of
parking spaces and entrances/exits to the shopping center because of

                                            29                     03/19/2012
