                               MINUTES
ethical Motion. The Council was free to set different limits that did not
exceed court rulings and state law. When people relied on laws and
expended significant sums of money, the Council had an obligation to allow
them to proceed. Imposing an obligation to provide parking on projects
would not solve the parking problem. He urged the Council to vote no, and
to uphold Palo Alto's character and history of treating applicants fairly.

Council Member Burt was unsure why the Council was considering an
extension of the moratorium rather than repealing the Ordinance. He
inquired whether the projects would have a TDM requirement under the
Motion.

Mr. Williams reported Staff attempted to apply some TDM measures to all
projects, and suggested a requirement of not more than 20 percent. As far
as penalties, Staff envisioned a condition similar to the one used in the
Lytton Gateway project.      Staff would require a TDM program to be
developed and to identify goals which would probably be up to 20 percent.

Council Member Burt reiterated that the Council could ask for a TDM
program, but could not require enforcement or increase it beyond current
requirements.

Mr. Williams explained the Code authorized TDM programs when parking
reductions were provided; therefore, a TDM program was justified in this
instance.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the exemption as written would apply
to the 636 Waverley Street project.

Mr. Williams believed it would. An application for preliminary review was
submitted prior to October 15, 2012, which was a normal step in the
architectural review process. Mr. Borock was correct in that a second
application was associated with a formal review.         A fair amount of
information was required to apply for a preliminary review. The project did
meet that criterion.

Council Member Espinosa opposed the Motion and agreed with Council
Member Klein's comments. The Council had taken steps and was studying
the parking issue to determine further steps. The Palo Alto process provided
transparency and understanding of what to expect when doing business with
the City.

Council Member Price opposed the Motion and agreed with comments of
Council Members Klein and Espinosa.
                                                                      Page 27 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/10/12
