                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh thanked Ms. Acebo-Davis for her service and knew she would
remain active within the community.

3.   Resolution 9251 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Michael Smit on the Completion of One
     Term on the Public Art Commission”.

Council Member Price read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the Resolution for Michael Smit.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Michael Smit thanked the Council, Staff, and his fellow Commissioners for
allowing him to serve the City in the realm of art. Public places were
important, because they reminded everyone of the world bigger than
themselves. They allowed people to share and to become a continually
evolving community. Art in a wider sense was the base human capability to
listen to each other and the world and to create new meaning. He thanked
and complimented the City for valuing art in its public places.

Mayor Yeh thanked Mr. Smit for his service.

4.   Resolution 9252 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation for Roger Bloom Upon his Retirement”.

Council Member Shepherd read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve the Resolution for Roger Bloom.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Roger Bloom thanked the Council. He acknowledged his family, Chief
Marinaro, and Chief Burns. The community and City Staff made the job
worthwhile and special.

Police Chief, Dennis Burns stated working with Deputy Chief Bloom had been
a tremendous opportunity. In the last year, Deputy Chief Bloom had created
stability and positive change while experiencing 23 firefighter promotions
and 22 retirements. He implemented a number of recommendations of the
Fire Utilization Study and the EMS Study. He was one of the few Public
Safety Staff who understood strategy, tactics, operations, labor relations,
                                                                       Page 2 of 28
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/21/12
