Committee, neighbors and community members who spoke. She admitted
she had not shopped at this shopping center, and looked forward to doing so.

Council Member Schmid thought it was clear everyone wanted this Project to
work. He noted concerns over the viability of the center relating to traffic,
parking and access. He asked if it be helpful for Staff to explore other options
for resolving these issues. The issues were traffic, parking and access. He
inquired if the two conditions were sufficient to resolve the issues.

Mr. Williams thought they were. He indicated they were sufficient and
specific, which was helpful to Staff. He felt the conditions addressed the
particular concerns specifically.

Council Member Holman noted the dates of the plans were different, and
asked if they were the same.

Mr. Williams reported the date the Council had was the date Staff had
received the plans, and there had been no changes.

Council Member Holman stated the plans were dated, not stamped, March 19,
and asked Staff to confirm these plans were the same.

Mr. Williams responded they were the same plans.

Council Member Holman thought delivery trucks would have to back onto
West Bayshore, and asked whether Staff was concerned about that.

Ms. Suzuki agreed the trucks would have to back onto West Bayshore. She
indicated that was thoroughly reviewed by Transportation Staff and
consultants to ensure it was consistent with Staff's requirements and safety
concerns.

Council Member Holman referenced Packet Page 438 regarding ten housing
units and the in-lieu fee. She inquired how that 9,000 square feet would be
used.

Mr. Williams believed 4,000 square feet was required to meet the obligation
for the ten units for parkland, but the addition was a public benefit.

Council Member Holman stated the public benefit was 5,000 square feet
rather than 9,000 square feet.

Mr. Williams agreed.

Council Member Holman suggested Staff correct that.


                                            42                     03/19/2012
