                               MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez wanted to provide regular updates to the Council and the
community. He suggested an informational report every three months with
an approval report on the Council Agenda every six months for the first two
to three years.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to provide updates on the
incorporation of the plan every three months as an information report, and
every six months for Council approval.

Council Member Espinosa inquired about obstacles such as funding, staffing,
and partnerships to implementing the Plan.

Mr. Rodriguez felt the main barrier was funding, followed by street readiness
and safety. The best investment would be to strengthen the process
through the CIP street resurfacing program.

Mr. Williams indicated a professional full-time person devoted to managing
and advocating for the project was needed to accelerate implementation.
Otherwise, Staff time would be diverted to other projects.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether the Plan would provide regional
and national leadership.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes. If the City implemented the Plan, it would be a
leader regionally and nationally in the implementation of bicycle projects.
Palo Alto was posed as a leader due to the existing street grid and bicycle
programs.

Casey Hildreth, Alta Planning and Design stated the Plan would provide
leadership regionally and nationally.  The Bike Share program would
promote and mainstream bike use. Palo Alto had a high rate of cycling
across a broad spectrum of people, which was a key indicator of Palo Alto
being a leader.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt implementing the Plan would increase the quality of
life in Palo Alto. He asked if Staff could present funding options and
timelines when they returned to the Council in the fall.

Mr. Williams felt that was appropriate. Staff could present that information
after discussion of infrastructure and Stanford funds. He liked the concept
of presenting options.




07-09-2012                                                            111-155
