                                MINUTES

Nicolas Procos, Senior Resource Planner, reported Staff reviewed the idea
approximately eight or ten years ago as part of the water integrated
resource plan. Staff was beginning that evaluation again and would review
those resources again. The City pumped groundwater in the 1950s. There
were challenges to pumping groundwater.       Staff would address those
challenges and solicit community feedback.

Council Member Burt wanted Staff to discuss this topic before the FC. He did
not want to return to a bad environmental practice. He did not expect Staff
to provide an answer tonight.

Mr. Procos indicated Staff was not prejudging the outcome. As part of the
work process, Staff would obtain information and consider it.

Council Member Burt stated the question was should Hetch Hetchy water be
used to water lawns.

Council Member Espinosa hoped Staff would contact Mr. Khanna regarding
groundwater pumping, because he had some expertise in the area.

Council Member Holman inquired when the next opportunity to renegotiate
the garbage contract would occur. It was a difficult concept and program to
accept that the City was paying for garbage it was not delivering.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director, reported the contract with
Kirby Canyon Landfill had a put or pay provision where there were minimum
tonnages of garbage the City was required to deliver to the landfill. For
every ton of garbage the City did not deliver to the landfill, the City paid the
same per ton tip fee to the landfill, but did not pay the $20 per ton in taxes
and fees charged for garbage delivered to the landfill. In the Proposed
Budget, Staff projected the cost to be $400,000, not the $1 million stated by
the public speaker. The contract with Waste Management expired in 2021.
Staff was not aware of good options to renegotiate the contract. The Smart
Station partner cities had discussed including other cities or entities in the
Smart Station arrangement.

Mr. Keene stated the three cities negotiated the contract with Kirby Canyon
Landfill when there were concerns about the availability of landfill space. For
the project to develop, the three partner cities entered into a long-term
contract. The obligation remained even though circumstances had changed
and recycling programs were operating successfully.


                                                                          Page 11 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/18/12
