                               MINUTES
Mr. Richardson said Option G showed the Finance Committee’s
recommendation. That included the full irrigation replacement, full turf
replacement, and replacement of the restroom building.

Council Member Schmid asked what Option D included.

Mr. Richardson said Option D did not include the full irrigation. The amount
of deferred irrigation replacement was approximately $800,000.

Council Member Schmid confirmed that cost would come after five years.

Mr. Richardson corrected himself and said the cost was $740,000. He said
that the system was failing and would continue to fail until it was replaced.

Council Member Schmid said at the bottom of the page there was another
set of numbers ranging from $2.5-3 million for things such as modified
fairways and dirt. He asked how those differed from what was shown in
Option G.

Mr. Richardson said rebuilding the additional greens, the restroom, the re-
sodding of the fairways, and the rebuilding of the existing putting green
were all included. They only included the sand plating because it was
mentioned early last year. By re-harvesting the material that was put there
in the 1990’s they did not feel that sand plating was needed, especially when
going from 135 to 90 acres.

Council Member Schmid said the other discussion that came from the Parks
and Recreation Commission was about the clubhouse. They said it was
essential. He asked if those numbers were included or if that was additional.

Mr. De Geus said that was not included. Staff considered that under long
term long range planning.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the financial scale of that project.

Mr. Richardson said there were direct construction costs that were based on
the conceptual plans created for the clubhouse, the cart storage building,
the range performance center, the parking, the entryway, the lighting of the
parking lot, and all of those options.

Council Member Schmid confirmed it was $3-3.5 million. He said that under
the packet page 989 there were “cost and value added” but there was no
number under flood protection. He assumed that was an important number
if the goal was to remove houses from flood insurance areas. He said that
                                                                       Page 16 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
