recommendation to the Council. She indicated the Council would have
some discretion to consider any request for a zone change that came
before the Council.

Council Member Espinosa was interested in learning more about the
decision process as it seemed to rest in D.C. He was trying to understand
how the conversation happened between the Council and USPS to make
sure they understood the real estate market Downtown. He asked if the
USPS representatives had shared that information so the people in
Washington, D.C. would understand which options really made sense. He
wanted to make sure the folks in the decision-making seat were receiving
information about a unique real estate market.

Ms. Alvarado explained when the concept first came about and the
planners put it together, they considered the local real estate market as
well as the capital expenditure it would require to build out that property,
and weighed it against what they thought they could get for the Palo Alto
Hamilton Station along with the operational savings. She reported it went
through three levels of approval, and it passed all three levels of approval.
She stated they had local brokers giving them the prices, and they
understood prices were high.

Council Member Espinosa inquired if teams from D.C. viewed sites
physically or through information when considering options.

Ms. Alvarado stated the Facilities Vice President had viewed the property
and surrounding area two weeks ago. She repeated staying in the location
was possible.

Council Member Espinosa asked if any of the examples of property sold had
been sold to government agencies.

Ms. Alvarado did not know, but stated she could follow up.

Council Member Espinosa inquired where the Council fit into the timeline
and where in the decision-making process would the USPS be returning for
feedback or decision from Council Members.

Mr. Wigdell explained the USPS was in the very early stages. He agreed
this was a relatively complicated process. He stated the initial step was
meeting with the City of Palo Alto, and the next step was the public input
meeting. He stated they would wait the 15-day period, but the Asset
Management Group had to perform due diligence which was the next step.
He did not have a firm timeline on that.



                                     11                           02/21/2012
