Council Member Burt clarified a consultant could provide a definition of a
plating shop. Other facilities used identical materials, but were not plating
shops. He inquired about the number of years remaining on CPI's lease.

Mr. Williams stated 38 years.

Council Member Burt stated the plating shop was not designed to last until
2050, and suggested there was at least one more rebuild before the lease
expired. The reality of what CPI would have to do might not be so different
from what the neighborhood and the City were considering.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to direct Staff to; 1) return with a budgetary proposal to hire an
independent third-party expert to evaluate off-site hazardous assessments
under several models and compare to current zoning and CPI practices, 2)
recommend definitions and thresholds of hazardous materials facilities that
would be considered for a Zoning Ordinance proximate to residential areas,
and 3) initiate a Zoning Ordinance amendment to prohibit plating shops, or
facilities using similar hazardous materials without appropriate separation of
residential areas.

Council Member Espinosa stated the lack of independent information was a
concern. He noted CPI had hundreds of employees, who would be affected
by changes. This company had been responsive to Council and community
needs.   He expressed concerns about the proximity of CPI to the
neighborhood.

Council Member Burt asked how long Staff would need to prepare a budget
proposal.

Mr. Williams answered 30 days.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return within 30 days with a
budget proposal.

Council Member Holman inquired about a timeline for providing results.

James Keene, City Manager indicated Staff would outline the process and
timeline in the budget proposal. Those details would be presented within the
30-day period.

Council Member Holman asked for the length of time for the normal
procurement process.



                                     25                           04/23/2012
