                                MINUTES
paid by the users of the course. That was an isolated example. They were
also not burdening the other residents or businesses in the City. On the
other hand people might say that if the City could pay for that improvement
out of the revenue streams of the golf course, were there other ways that
Council could pay for infrastructure improvements. It could be seen from
two different positions. He thought that would be part of the conversation
as the Council considered what to do in November 2014. He said they could
look at refinancing to lower the debt service on an annual basis, but then
there would be costs further down that would not have been borne if it was
paid off. He said that Mayor Yeh’s question was a good one that probably
needed further discussion.

Mayor Yeh understood that was not the decision Council had to make that
evening, but it was part of the analysis of the continuing process. With
respect to his colleague’s points about the golfers assuming all of the costs,
he assumed there would be rental fees associated with the use of the
playing fields. He said the City had that on some of its other playing fields.
He asked if there was any consideration for some of those funds to go
toward the bond. Ultimately any bond financing would reconfigure the entire
site, which included the area for potential playing fields. If there was income
associated with the playing fields and the bond financing went to
reconfiguration, then from a project perspective he saw some nexus
between the income coming from the playing fields and other sources.

Mr. Saccio said the income from the playing field was mentioned in the
report, but he thought it was appropriate to look at that revenue at the time
improvements were made to the playing fields because there was a
significant amount of capital costs and operating costs associated with
bringing those fields up to playing conditions. That revenue was mentioned,
but was not part of the pro formas. There was one piece in the pro formas
that was mentioned in the staff report. There was a $233,000 sinking fund
that the consultant included in the pro forma and the idea was that they
were accumulating money to make improvements in the future. If in the
early years it was necessary to relieve some of the expense for the golf
course that fund might be able to be pushed to the future a bit to relieve
pressure from the General Fund.

Mayor Yeh confirmed that was the operating capital reserve line.

Mr. Saccio answered yes and said it was escalated into the future.

Mr. Getherall said it was 10 percent of the green fees. He said he read the
Economic Research and Associates Report and it was extremely unusual for
a golf course to make as much money for a city’s General Fund as the Palo
                                                                          Page 23 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
