Mr. Snyder reported the park would sit fallow for five to six months after the
reservoir was complete if the Council approved the design. If it was
continued to July, that time would increase to seven or eight months. If the
project was delayed by six or eight months, then the costs would only
increase.   Costs of mobilization and reorganization after Phase I was
complete were difficult to state exactly, but would not be a small number.

Council Member Klein asked what would be the additional cost if the Council
approved something tonight, then later wished to relocate the Morgan house
to the north side of the property.

Mr. Snyder explained the cost of redesign depended on the exact footprint
and the stage of construction. He did not understand how that was relative
to the overall design fee or the entire cost of the park or how valuable the
risk was when compared to leaving the park fallow. While cost estimating
the project, there was an opportunity to set a time to update the Council. It
was possible the project could be reevaluated at the time information
became available.     He had discussed with Staff opportunities for that
structure within the park that would not cause major problems.

Mr. Keene noted the question of the relocation of the building was
dependent on the park project going forward. If the project did not move
forward, then the building would remain in its location and would have no
impact on the park. If the building was to be relocated, the relocation site
was within the City's discretion. Rather than waiting until July, he preferred
the Council approve the design as-is pending Staff's return with a discussion
of relocating the building.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to accept Staff recommendation: 1)           accept the Community
Services Department (CSD) and the Parks and Recreation Commission’s
recommendations for the approval of the (pre-Architectural Review Board
reviewed) design for park improvements at El Camino Park, including
pathways, a synthetic turf playing field, a multi-use natural turf playing field,
landscaping, an expanded parking lot, a dog exercise area, and other
amenities, 2) accept CSD‘s recommendation that $2,275,796 of Park
Development Impact Fees (impact fees) be used to fund staff’s tentative list
of improvements to El Camino Park, and 3) move forward with the
construction of the recommended dog exercise area for $2.275 million, from
the Park Development Impact Fees plus the 10 percent contingency fee,
subject only to the completion of the environmental assessment and
Stanford’s approval.

Council Member Klein felt this was an opportunity to complete an excellent
community asset. He disagreed with the recommendation concerning the
dog park, because a deferral meant it would not happen. The argument was

                                       37                           04/23/2012
