                               MINUTES
site, he suggested testing should be conducted quarterly or monthly for the
first year rather than annually. Only the commercial areas on the ground
floor would be tested. Employees and visitors to the commercial areas were
not as vulnerable to the pollution as residents were. He suggested periodic
testing of interior air through the use of ducts and fans.

Herb Borock believed the Council should uphold the appeal and deny the
application. The project was not substantially different from the previous
version in bulk, mass, density or views from three sides. The amount of
R&D space was not compatible with the housing as required for mixed use
by both the State Housing Density Bonus law and the City's Zoning Code.
The site's General Manufacturing (GM) zone district prohibited housing. The
housing inventory site was for only 1.56 acres of the site and required only
46 units total. The Pedestrian Transient Oriented Development (PTOD)
combining district was the only place in the Zoning Code that implemented
Code Section 65915, and that defined compatibility for mixed uses in this
site's land use map category. PTOD limited R&D in a mixed use site to 0.25
or one half the project's R&D. The State Housing Density Bonus law was
implemented in the PTOD combining district by providing additional height,
residential density, and residential floor area but did not provide additional
R&D floor area above the 0.25. The building at 395 Page Mill Road was
shown as three stories; however, only a small portion of that site was
occupied by a building and the remainder was a parking lot. Under the State
Housing Density Bonus law, the Council had discretion to determine whether
the proposed concessions were appropriate. The proposed concessions were
not appropriate. The Council had the discretion to determine that the mixed
use was not compatible with the underlying zoning. This project violated
State law, because it violated the requirements for mixed use within Code
Section 65915.

Garth Pickett, of the Law Firm of Hopkins and Carley, indicated his firm was
interested in the multi-family housing and mixed use aspects of the project.
That had a small part in the firm's decision to locate across the street from
the project. He supported approval of the project.

Geoff Dale felt this project was important for the neighborhood.       He
supported the project without the mandate for a subsidized café. The
project improved the neighborhood and provided economic opportunities and
residential space. The developer had mitigated safety concerns.

Doug Hohbach stated this was a good location for rental housing as it was
close to transit and employment. Non-subsidized and subsidized rental
housing needed density. The project was of lesser scale and density than
projects in other parts of the Bay area in similar high value neighborhoods.


06/25/2012                                                              111-86
