                               MINUTES
order to obtain a better understanding of the current mission, operational
requirements, and needs of the City as time passed. It was an opportunity
to review the project on a line-by-line basis. The study began with a
significant addition of Fire Administration.       Fire Administration was
operationally two parts: command and control, and services. Command
and control could be located in the Public Safety Building, and services could
be located in the Development Center. The 44,848 square foot version of
the Public Safety Building reflected the divergence. Public safety buildings
had a mixture of space types and uses. The primary attributes were
essential versus nonessential, where essential was defined by the Building
Code. Certain elements, such as parking and property and evidence, could
be located elsewhere.      Additions, deductions, and modifications to the
program resulted in a savings of 4,752 square feet after approximately
2,000 square feet of Fire Administration was added.

Mayor Yeh inquired whether Staff wanted to present another potential model
after the Council's initial discussion of this model.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Council Member Price inquired about Staff's assumptions related to growth
and service delivery scenarios.

Mr. Sartor assumed the building would last for 20-30 years and have room
for growth. If it were located on property with room for expansion, the
building could be added on. It allowed for long-term use.

Mr. Burns noted there were projections for growth within the City, and that
growth would translate into additional police officers on the street. The
building was designed for a reasonable amount of growth. He felt the
building would last for quite some time.

Mr. Ross stated the planning horizon was 2032 for the building. Police
stations were an operational platform to support patrol vehicles. The
number of sworn police officers could increase without the need to increase
the size of the building, because the infrastructure had been appropriately
sized. The design included drop-in workstations in anticipation of growth.
He recommended obtaining a site of adequate size to increase the footprint
if needed, but he understood that was difficult to find.

Mr. Keene stated growth would be divided across three shifts as opposed to
growth within the same period of time.

Council Member Price felt the community room should remain at the original
                                                                         Page 3 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/13/12
