Council Member Schmid thanked the Mayor for his clarification. In terms of
the Cubberley process, he wished to clarify the City Manager's comments
that there would be a public discussion of the Guiding Principles and the
community commission by March 2012.

Council Member Burt asked Council Member Schmid to clarify his comment
regarding public discussion of the Guiding Principles.

Council Member Schmid understood that when the Council voted on the
process, it said the first step would be establishing a set of Guiding Principles
to be used by the public commission.

Mayor Yeh asked the City Manager to further clarify the point.

Mr. Keene indicated that was part of the original directive. He stated the
Council would have a public discussion regarding the Guiding Principles.

Council Member Klein wanted to respond to Mr. Harris' comments so that
people wouldn't have a misunderstanding of the facts. In response to Mr.
Harris' statement that Measure B funds could have been used for
Infrastructure if the School District had been in a better financial condition,
he stated Measure B would not have passed if it had been presented to the
voters as funding Infrastructure. He explained it was a joint City-School
effort that barely passed, as only a few hundred votes were involved. He
thought it was a contra-factual history that was nice to contemplate but
would not have occurred. He wanted to speak briefly to the financial
situation of the School District, because the implication was that the School
District was in a much better financial situation than 25 years ago. He
thought they all could agree the City was not in as good a situation as it was
25 years ago, and this was also true of the School District. He felt people
kept saying this, but it wasn't accepted; that California School Districts were
ranked at the bottom nationally and Palo Alto was outspent by its peers
across the country by almost 2:1. He stated the School District had been
and is in financial difficulty and was threatened by more under the
Governor's proposed budget. He noted the School District reported on
legislative possibilities for the year, and one was that Palo Alto's advantage
of being a Basic Aid District could be lost. He said the City and the School
District both had significant financial needs, and how to balance them would
be a problem. He didn't think anyone could say the School District was in a
better financial condition. He said Mr. Harris' remarks concerning change of
ownership impacting occupants at Cubberley were on point, which point was
lost in communications from citizens. The School District reported at the
City School Liaison Committee meeting that it wouldn't need to use the
Cubberley site for a high school until sometime in the 2020’s. He felt this
                                    16                    January 21, 2012 
 
