                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked if he was willing to discuss items beyond what
he had previously stated that evening.

Mr. Jans said they could discuss them but he could not commit to anything.

Council Member Burt said in regard to the ARB, Council did value the input,
but were the decision making body.

Mr. Jans said he understood.

Council Member Burt said he did not want to speak beyond what he asked
and what the Applicant stated. He said that it was not that the Applicant
agreed in concept to the changes, it was that the Applicant would consider a
variety of changes including what was discussed with the expectation that
substantive changes would occur beyond what they offered that evening.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER that the applicant consider a
variety of changes to the project with the expectation that substantive
changes will occur beyond what was offered tonight. Suggested Concepts to
be considered should include and not be limited to: 1) Development that
facilitates pedestrian environment, 2) Public space that supports public
activity, 3) Each unit having clear relationship to residential units to the
public street, and 4) Transitional elements to adjacent buildings and uses.

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification of what the Motion meant.

Ms. Stump said what she heard the Council doing was expressing a
substantial intention to approve the project subject to the Applicant working
with the Staff over the next month to consider additional changes along the
lines described by Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Member Burt.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that Council was not expected to agree
to what the Applicant brought back.

Ms. Stump said no decision was being made that evening under the Motion
except to continue the item and consider it again on June 25, 2012.

Council Member Shepherd was concerned with the Motion because it
continued a very long process. She knew the area well and there were
many pedestrians and bicyclists but it was not a pretty area.         She
acknowledged it needed redevelopment and stated it was very connected to
the California Avenue area. The AOL building across the street had buses
that dropped off the workers who just streamed across the street. She said
she was trying to figure out at what threshold the Motion would explain

                                                                       Page 39 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/4/12
