reported the Council could arrange for a third party to sell advertisements,
build in a certain percentage of the advertisements for City uses, or build in
a certain percentage for auto dealers. He said the City could estimate
approximately $500,000 a year in revenue from the digital billboard,
assuming it wanted a percentage of flips, and an additional $100,000 to
$400,000 of sales tax from the auto dealers. He thought there was an
estimated additional income potential of $1.1 million to $2 million per year.

Mr. Keene explained Staff was discussing the site where Animal Services was
currently located. He understood a study and analysis of the MSC site would
include a detailed review of reconfigurations of the existing site. He noted
the Council had asked in the past if there was a reconfiguration or reuse of
the MSC site that would free-up additional space along East Bayshore for
other potential uses. He reported the City had the potential for ongoing
revenue streams from lease payments, increased sales tax revenue, and
revenue from a reader board. He explained there was value in a Palo Alto
address for auto dealers; however, if the dealerships were hidden or difficult
to get to, that address was less important. He stated the City was not
necessarily interested in chasing auto dealerships, yet sales tax was
restricted as to where the City could collect revenues. He said the Council
had to be cognizant of limited options for raising revenue as the Silicon
Valley economy became a service economy, for which the City was not able
to collect sales tax revenue. He explained the City had to have revenue
streams to continue providing high levels of service, or it would be forced
into a cost-cutting perspective.

Council Member Price noted in many communities auto dealerships thrived
when they were part of an auto row; it was a very common model. She
indicated the proposal was not for an auto row. She asked if Staff was
suggesting that the issues of visibility, ZIP code, demand and sales tax
revenue, or a combination of those factors would be compelling enough to
make this site viable.

Mr. Fehrenbach responded yes. He did not think this site was mutually
exclusive from a potential auto row in the future, and suggested the study of
the MSC could provide some options for this. He stated the freeway
frontage and the Palo Alto address made this a desirable situation for an
auto dealer. He thought a split-site configuration within a very short range
could provide the service and back-of-house functions needed by auto
dealers, and could make the site more desirable for existing auto dealers.

Council Member Price inquired if he had informal, conceptual discussions
with auto dealers regarding this kind of a configuration.


                                  18                     March 26, 2012
