                                MINUTES

Herb Borock said there were many comments from Commissioner Keller that
he thought were personal comments rather than those of the P&TC, such as
his comments about the LOS. He said that the real trial was to see what the
traffic would be like when California Avenue was developed as intensively as
planned. He said the trial would not do that but there was an outside
chance that a trial would result in a demonstration that the two lanes was a
bad thing. If it failed to do that, then the merchants would know from the
trial that the lack of congestion now would be what they would have when
the area was redeveloped. He suspected that what California was heading
toward becoming another University Avenue. That was the merchant’s real
concern because the rents would rise to such an extent that many of them
would not be able to afford remaining in the area. He thought that was
really what was driving the merchant’s concern. He believed it was a
mistake for the merchants to rely upon the test of a trial to determine
whether or not this would be a good thing for them. He said it was possible
that the trial would show that it would be a congested area.

Shannon McEntee lived three blocks from California Avenue and bicycled
through the area that evening to attend the meeting. She walked there;
sometimes she drove there, and shopped there. She lived in Palo Alto since
1971 and until now she felt the City did a good job. With respect to this
project she felt the residents and merchants had been ignored and that the
project had been forced upon them. She attended most of the meetings
regarding the project over the last several years and the press and the City
continually referred to the merchants.        She said that residents had
overwhelmingly been against the narrowing of the street. They wanted
trees, refreshed landscaping, tunnel improvements, a fixed fountain, and a
small park, but they did not want to narrow the street. She wanted a trial
and said that there were aspects that could be measured.

Bob Moss thought the fundamental problem with the process was that the
primary focus was on aesthetics and ignored the fact that for the last 120
years California Avenue had been a traffic street. He said that one could
argue that the traffic counts were low, but California Avenue was different
than the streets they compared it to on slide 20. For example none of the
other streets dead ended at a railroad station. Secondly, none of the other
streets had delivery trucks that blocked parts of the road periodically. Third,
there was a high concentration of traffic to and from the rail station during
rush hour. He said that it was not comparable. One of the problems he saw
with making statistical evaluations was that they would get numbers and
people still might not agree. One example was that Staff said there was no
diversion to the other streets. He said that if you looked at the traffic counts
the diversion was as much as 10 to 30 percent. Staff said it was not a
                                                                          Page 51 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
