Mr. Williams said the Applicant could decide not to move forward with it as a
PC and go back to the two story 17,000 square foot option.

Council Member Shepherd asked if they could stay inside the framework so
that they would not have to do the tower. She confirmed they could still
come back with a little over the 17,000 because of the height change to 335
Alma.

Mr. Williams said that was not correct, the height limit had not changed.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that to come back with a PC the
Applicant would make a contribution to the Housing Fund.

Mr. Williams said that the direction they had gotten was that in order to come
back with the PC, Council expected to see some kind of contribution both to
Housing Fund and to resolving the parking issues. He said that Staff would
meet with the Applicant and explore the variety of options.

Council Member Shepherd asked if eliminating the fifth floor would change the
look of the building.

Mr. Williams said that he did not believe the architectural design would
change other than the fifth floor leaving and some modification to the tower.
He said that he wanted to say that Staff had to explore, now that the housing
portion was out and the Government Code provision concessions were out,
there may be Variances required to do some of these things or Design
Enhancement Exceptions or something. He said that the City Attorney needed
to see if there were Variances associated with it, and then it would have to go
through the Planning and Transportation Commission before it would return to
the Council.

Council Member Shepherd said she would prefer more options for the
Applicant.

Council Member Price said she would not support the Substitute Motion
because she agreed with parts of it, particularly the issue related to reduction
of parking in the downtown and having contributions toward that in terms of a
feasibility study and/or residential parking program. She said that because of
the location of the site and because those kinds of sites were not frequently
available she believed that five stories made a lot of sense and she liked the
original proposal with housing. She recognized the dollars toward the Housing
Fund could be used for housing purposes but given the land costs and given
the proximity to transit she stated she felt that five stories made sense.



                                   50                    March 12, 2012
