                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams replied that late November would be when the decision from
ABAG would come in but the appeal would make the time period go beyond
that.

Council Member Schmid stated there were issues with the Council dates
around the end of the year.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

13.   City Council Annual Priority Setting Process.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Espinosa to
continue this item to September 24, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Colleagues Memo Requesting Council Pass a Resolution of the
      City Council of Palo Alto in Opposition to Measure C.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated that he, Council Member Klein, and Mayor Yeh
have written a Colleagues Memo asking their colleagues to adopt the
Resolution attached to the Colleagues Memo that opposed Measure C. He
listed arguments against Measure C and stated that surrounding cities have
also banned Medical Marijuana dispensaries.

Council Member Klein added that there were some e-mails from the public
that discussed issues with marijuana. He stated this was not just a benign
product to help people with pain problems; it was a substance that he did
not want in Palo Alto.

Mayor Yeh remarked on driving while under the influence. The Police
Department had breathalyzer tests for alcohol. While the level of usage for
drinking alcohol was different for every individual, marijuana was much
more difficult to test for. He stated that passing Measure C was not worth
the risk.

Council Member Shepherd stated she was not able support Measure C. She
believed this was the wrong venue for legalizing drugs for medical purposes.

Council Member Schmid believed young families were important for long
term health, he discussed a study involving youths using drugs; one student
                                                                       Page 8 of 10
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/10/12
