                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene asked Mr. Bobel to explain the origin of the report.

Mr. Bobel said the page referred to by Council Member Klein was prepared
by the construction contractor, Greg Smith of Turner Construction
Management. He apologized for the wording, but that was the one year
period they referred to.

Council Member Klein asked if Turner or Mr. Bobel or Flintco was confident
about the May 2013 completion date.

Mr. Bobel said that many experts they had conferred with believed that it
should be possible for a good contractor to bring it in ahead of the May 2013
target.
Council Member Klein requested a brief description of Flintco. He asked if
they were a public company and what their annual revenue was.

Mr. Bobel was not sure if Flintco was a public company. He said it was a
very large construction firm based in Oklahoma with a local office in
Sacramento.     He believed they were in the top 50 of construction
contractors nationwide.

Council Member Klein asked Ms. Stump about the legal team she had
referred to. He asked if it was a new legal team, or if it was one that had
been presented to Council previously.

Ms. Stump said they had previously worked with a construction specialist.
They had now brought on a construction litigator who had deep experience
in mediation and arbitration in anticipation that the City may need to utilize
those forms to resolve the project fully.

Council Member Klein asked when the new counsel was contracted.

Ms. Stump said about six weeks ago.

Council Member Shepherd indicated she would hold some of her questions
for the Closed Session. She stated that it was in the report that Staff was
no longer signing change orders. She asked if they could have more
information on that or if that was something that would be discussed in
Closed Session.

Ms. Stump said that was a complex topic and there was a significant amount
of evolution in the treatment of the change orders as the project progressed.
She said they were working closely with the construction specialist attorneys
to put the City in the best place with respect to that issue. She said that
                                                                        Page 13 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
