                      DRAFT MINUTES
the position of other communities if there were a change in the
standards in the future.

Council Member Burt said he expected that if there was a change
then the lowest threshold would be young children as they were
the most susceptible to a variety of impacts. He said it was not
merely a case of thousands of miles of high voltage lines in the
State, but the number of locations where there may very well be
schools or daycare centers in close proximity to the lines. He said
that Palo Alto would not be alone, but he would not expect that it
would be immediately a universal issue that would affect
everyone. It would probably be the lowest threshold. He said he
was searching for a way in which if there was a new standard
that they would not face the dilemma of not being able to protect
the safety of vulnerable constituents even if the City would not
have the enthusiastic cooperation of the user.

Ms. Stump said she understood the concern, but thought that
although daycare was a very valuable and scarce resource there
was also a market force at play. If something was deemed
dangerous, both the parents and the provider needed to decide
where they wanted to continue to locate there.

Mayor Yeh said that was a separate discussion from the particular
project because there were multiple sites impacted by high
voltage. He felt it was a valid issue to be raised in particular
because of the potential uses for the sites long term. He thought
there was some type of disclosure or something to be done at the
local level. It was not lost on him that the neighbors had
measured the EMF. He said whether or not they did it in
response to the application or so they could disclose it to their
own employees did not matter; he thought it was something that
was worthwhile to consider in the long term within the City of
Palo Alto.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent


                                                                   Page 37 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
