                               MINUTES
Public Hearing opened at 10:25 P.M.

Omar Chatty stated Caltrain was not modern and the existing wording was
accurate. He believed the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) could be extended
in ten years. If Caltrain was eliminated, the City could sell the land.
Caltrain was an outdated system. BART did everything Caltrain did not do.
He asked the Council to consider extending BART. BART would eliminate
many problems.

Herb Borock agreed it was premature for the Council to make a decision
about Caltrain electrification, because the Final Environmental Impact Report
(FEIR) was not complete and adequate. The Council needed to amend Policy
T-28 to indicate Stanford University would apply for approval to extend Sand
Hill Road. He understood approval of the Negative Declaration indicated the
Council would have a consistent Comprehensive Plan. He asked if the
Council could approve or reject individual recommendations in the Study.

Phil Burton reported the previous public speaker focused on technology
rather than the design purpose of each system.            Trenching and
undergrounding BART would be an unjustifiable expense. BART was not
capable of the speed of a faster Caltrain, and used dangerous third-rail
technology. Technology was a sideshow to the real issues.

Public Hearing closed at 10:31 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to refer this Item back to the Rail Committee: the discussion of
approval of a Resolution approving the 2012 Rail Corridor Study Report
amending the Transportation Element of the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan
to incorporate some key policy findings of the Report, and that the Council
approve the Negative Declaration for the project.

Council Member Klein indicated the slowdown of HSR issues gave the RC
time to carefully consider it. Using the Study to apply for grants did not
outweigh the risk of adopting inaccurate policies. It was appropriate for the
RC and then the Council to review all recommendations.

Council Member Shepherd felt the Council needed to ensure the accuracy of
language.

Mr. Williams stated Staff had exhausted the consultants' resources. Staff
would reconcile language and review policy issues, and the consultants
would draft the final Report.

                                                                       Page 11 of 20
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/18/12
