                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid expressed concern over a Constitutional
Amendment stating money was not speech. One study determined there
was no evidence that those who spent more money won elections. Election
history in Palo Alto demonstrated that money did not buy elections. The key
worry for democracy was not money as much as legislative incumbents who
had the ability to cap expenditures of dissidents.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated the issue was very complicated. This was not a
local issue.    The Council had to understand the consequences of the
Resolution before it voted on it. He could support a Resolution stating the
City of Palo Alto supported the dissent by Justice Stevens or opposed the
decision in the Citizens United case. Most public speakers seemed to oppose
the idea that a corporation must be treated the same as natural persons in
the political sphere. He could not support a Resolution supporting the
proposed 28th Amendment because he did not know the consequences of
the proposed 28th Amendment.

Council Member Espinosa believed decision-making was skewed because of
the millions of dollars poured into politics. Issues which the Council
addressed or on which it took a position had to have a direct impact on the
City. Personally, he supported the Resolution; however, he would not
support the Council adopting the Resolution.

Council Member Klein felt amending the Constitution should be carefully
considered. Citizens United was wrongly decided and the flood of money
resulting from the decision had an impact on politics. He could not support
the proposed language of the Resolution because of possible unintended
consequences.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd that the City Council believes the Citizens United case was wrongly
decided, we direct Staff to prepare and the Mayor to sign a letter for our
federal office holders urging them to adopt a Constitutional amendment for
submittal to the states which would have the effect of overturning the
Citizens United case.

Council Member Shepherd agreed corporations were not people.          The
Citizens United decision had an unfortunate consequence.         She was
interested in an initiative that did not have unintended consequences and
could not support the language of the original proposal.

Council Member Holman felt the Citizens United decision had local
implications because money poured into local initiatives and referendums.
She appreciated Council Member Klein's proposed language.

10/22/2012                                                   111-481
