suggested the Council should review the Utility Tax, because cell phones and
Internet access were not available when that was passed and thus weren't
included in the taxes. He stated the Council was not required to use Utility
Tax Funds for the School District; it was a General Fund. He felt the City
had given the School District more than enough money over the last 20+
years. He suggested using it for the General Fund. He reported one
problem would be people saying, if the Council built a new Public Safety
Facility, the Council should regionalize it. He reiterated Mr. Burns' comment
regarding not everything could be regionalized effectively. He said 20 years
ago nobody thought the Fire Department would be spending 60 percent of
their time answering calls for paramedics. He commented Palo Alto was the
only department in the County with a high quality paramedic service as part
of the Fire Department, and regionalizing that would result in its loss. He
felt paramedics were important. He indicated Neighborhood Coordination
was no longer operating. He felt the local Police Department was needed.
He stated these topics were important and had to be sold to the community.
He suggested the Council work on that right away.

Mr. Keene wanted to explain why not reviewing all the Staff Responses
would be okay. He thought there were a number that provided basic, factual
responses. Obviously the Council would have more questions than those on
the list, so he asked the Council to think about the area beyond the data and
consider the assumptions, because the Council may see things differently.
He gave the example of question 1 regarding the amount of money for the
Civic Center, he didn't agree with the way Staff presented the needs and
thought that could be significantly more depending on what the Council
chose to do. He stated that was more than just reroofing and basic
maintenance.      He mentioned the pavement index standard of 60 and
whether the Council wanted a different standard and whether ten years was
the appropriate period. He thought Council's review of these responses
could trigger the question of whether they agreed with the vision of the
future. He indicated it did invoke the future issues in some ways, and only
the Council was best prepared to respond. Staff knew the Council would
have many more questions. He said Staff would be available to Council
Members to attempt to answer questions.

Mayor Yeh thanked Staff, the public and IBRC members for their
participation and attendance, especially on a Saturday. He knew the Council
was focused on Infrastructure as it had wanted to for a long time. He felt it
was an exciting beginning to focus on Infrastructure this year and in
forthcoming years.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 1:57 P.M.


                                  42                   January 21, 2012 
 
