                               MINUTES
Building first and fire stations second.       He agreed with the Mayor's
comments      that    fire stations   could   house    emergency     services,
communications and health services. Byxbee Park was third, because $3.6
million to build a 90-acre park was a good deal. Next was the update of
surface streets, followed by the Bicycle-Pedestrian Plan. The Council could
identify a few items in the Plan to show interest and importance of this plan.
He felt an appropriate amount would be $6-$7 million. The east-west
crossings on Charleston-Arastradero were important. He placed Animal
Services near the top, due to decreased funding and the need to determine
physical improvements. The Civic Center was the most important, because
the public did not understood the needs.

Council Member Price listed projects appropriate for the 2014 bond measure.
The Public Safety Building was the most important project, followed by parks
and buildings. She organized her list by programs or facilities that would
serve a broad number of individuals and by public safety and welfare. The
Bicycle Bridge was an important linkage issue; it had recreational and
transportation aspects; and partnership funding was a possibility. Byxbee
Park had recreational, aesthetic, and environmental issues. She placed the
Municipal Service Center (MSC) in this category to enhance and reconsider
provisions of City services. The MSC had many functions and reached a
broad number of people. The lowest priority was the Charleston-Arastradero
project. She wanted to ensure improvements occurred in different parts of
the City. She did not address Cubberley issues, because other processes
were in place. The Post Office and Bicycle-Pedestrian Plan were important.
She assumed the bond measure would range from $200-$225 million, but
the amount would depend on many factors.

Vice Mayor Scharff did not believe the bond measure could exceed $150
million. The Public Safety Building needed to be constructed, and a cost of
$18 million was achievable.        He prioritized the list by projects which
increased the quality of life in Palo Alto and caught up infrastructure needs.
He included parks, surface, buildings, and Byxbee Park.           The cost of
improving Byxbee Park was a bargain. The Bicycle-Pedestrian Plan would
add to the quality of life in Palo Alto, and the community would benefit from
the Plan. If a Friends group could provide some funding, then the Plan
would increase in priority. He placed the Post Office at the top of the list,
because it was an opportunity to acquire office space for the Development
Center. However, purchase of the building should be self-funding. The
Bicycle Bridge should not be included in the bond unless other funding was
available. He did not include Cubberley issues, because the Council needed
to negotiate with PAUSD and understand future possibilities. He did not
believe $200 million for Cubberley should be included in the 2014 bond. The
fire stations were important and should be completed. The bond measure
                                                                        Page 18 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/13/12
