     Facility and to obtain further Council direction on the landfill closure.


Mr. Keene said that he understood the Motion to presume that composting
would cease if this were approved and therefore there would be no need to
come back for further direction on the composting operation.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that was correct. He said it would save Staff time to
end composting once they had enough compost. He thought that it was
pretty clear that it was virtually impossible to continue composting on the
current site. He said $120,000 per month was not financially feasible. Staff
had previously said that it would cost several million to move the
composting operation onto the 10 acres and if you did windrow composting
on that 10 acres you would still have the issue that Council Member Schmid
brought up. He said that as Council was not getting further information it
should make the decision now and save the Staff time rather than make it
three or four months from now. He said that if Council would get delayed
there would be issues about cost of continued composting, such as the
potential for broken equipment. He asked if Council would want to fix that
kind of machinery and spend more money if it was planning to stop the
composting operation in 60 or 90 days. He said that he saw a lot of issues
that could arise and that he did not see a feasible way to continue the
composting operation in the long term. He said that it was better to make
the decision now.

Mayor Yeh said that he heard from all that composting was important. He
was interested in understanding home based composting. He said that he
had asked how people compost currently and 90% had said home based.
He said that was the direction composting was going. He said there was an
incredible amount of study needed. He said that as the lead agency for the
Regional Water Quality Control Plant the primary commitments were to
manage the sewage sludge, to retire the incinerators, to have the maximum
impact on our environment we need to move as expeditiously forward with
retiring the incinerators. However, as the lead agency for the Regional
Water Quality Control Plant we have to be the lead agency to deal with the
sewage waste and the sewage sludge. Any time there is any mixed stream
with sewage sludge there is a lot of complications that result. He heard from
citizens, regardless of their position on Measure E, that they were driven by
home composting. He said that point stood out and he saw it as an
opportunity to enable the discussion more closely with Green Waste. He
said that he understood the waste to energy idea was still an incredible
opportunity for Palo Alto and stated that there were still waste streams that
would power whatever technology was ultimately selected for a waste
energy facility.

                                   20                      February 6, 2012
  
