                               MINUTES
Richard Campbell, Architect indicated the applicant attempted to show the
Council an overview of the break-up of the elevation along Park Boulevard.
Some details remained to be worked out, and the applicant hoped to do
those with the subcommittee of the ARB.

Council Member Holman asked how the center section might differ from the
rest of the building to break up the scheme.

Mr. Campbell said the applicant would review that with the ARB. The
applicant attempted to break-up the building into three elements. Having
developed three separate buildings, the applicant wanted to consider some
material and color changes to give the impression of three distinct buildings.

Council Member Holman expressed concern that the compatibility of the
project was based on other projects not before the Council. She was also
concerned that the project was considered compatible even though buildings
across the street were smaller in scale. She wanted the ARB to consider a
different feature at the location of the water fountain, because the fountain
did not fit the design of the building.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to explore the ventilation and
testing system of the internal residential housing units as suggested by a
member of the public, and if Staff finds the system to be useful and feasible
then it will become a condition of approval for the project.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff had thoroughly explored these issues.

Mr. Williams indicated researching the system would not require much time.
Staff had a more extensive testing program for the residential component of
another of Mr. Hohbach's projects. Staff would determine if that program
could be applied to this project.

Council Member Klein would support the project. He felt the Council was
attempting to dictate a retail use rather than allowing the market to
determine the use.

Council Member Holman inquired if the fountain was a representation of the
proposed feature.

Mr. Campbell stated the fountain was best described in the information
approved by the ARB.

Mr. Janz said the fountain was an example, an idea and subject to change.


06/25/2012                                                                111-91
