                               MINUTES
was the same.

Mr. Keene stated these were preliminary estimates from the developer. The
developer's model indicated the developer would pay $27 million toward the
cost of constructing the building. The project was not definitive, but an
opportunity to explore different methods for funding projects.

Council Member Schmid said the base point was private developers were
thinking of a lower dollar per square foot per building than the City was.

Council Member Burt recalled a developer's proposal eight years ago to build
a Public Safety Building across from City Hall. A smaller building could also
expand options.     He wanted to allow other public-private partnership
scenarios. He asked whether the Stanford Hospital Development Fund
designated funds for Public Safety infrastructure.

Mr. Keene did not believe there were any funds specifically identified for
Public Safety infrastructure. There were approximately $21 million for
potential City infrastructure investments.

Council Member Shepherd was interested in the concept of constructing the
building for less and wanted to review the developer's proposal. She
assumed the developer would ask for something in return for the $27 million
contribution.

Mr. Keene reported the developer would have to mitigate the project, but
this would connect to the question of public benefit. He viewed this as a
serious offer from the developer.

Council Member Shepherd stated the proper order was a study session to
inform the Council and stakeholders. She wanted to quantify the dollar
amount the developer and the City would receive from public benefits. She
felt the proposal should be presented soon to allay public angst.

Council Member Holman said saving money was always attractive. Any
other public-private partnerships or other contributions from the public could
increase the savings, and the Council should be made aware of them as soon
as possible.

Mayor Yeh indicated the financial savings were appealing. The Council
should consider whether the City would have exclusive rights to design the
building. If the developer intended to have uses other than Public Safety,
then that would have implications. He asked if the model for a public-
private partnership would include leasing the building to the City for a
                                                                        Page 13 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/13/12
