Mr. Perez acknowledged Staff needed to continue to review ways in which to
reduce the expense. The trend data from 2002 to 2008 for the City doubled
the medical payment for current citywide health care without the additional
cost to pension. He agreed that route was not sustainable and he noted the
national average according to the Kaiser Study http://ehbs.kff.org/, in terms
of employer/employee cost sharing was 70/30 whereas Palo Alto was
achieving a 95/5 for miscellaneous and 90/10 for fire fighters. He added
there was a significant reduction in cost when PERSCare was eliminated for
the equation.

Council Member Holman felt it was important for the pubic to be informed
that any changes in the cost of healthcare was not without difficulty and
there were limitations the City had to abide by.

Council Member Shepherd discussed how municipalities were explaining and
handling their un-funded liabilities. She was interested in a better
understanding of how to roll out the liability a little longer in order for the
City to be more frugal with its cash flow. She was aware there was $34,000
placed in the CalPERS Irrevocable Trust and asked if those funds would
always belong to Palo Alto.

Mr. Perez said the City would carry the risk of investment but the funds
would remain the property of Palo Alto. The funds could be pulled out by the
City at any time as well as added to in the future.

Council Member Shepherd asked how much medical plan flexibility was
available at retirement or was it scripted when employees were hired.

Mr. Perez said his understanding was there could not be changes made to
current retirees. For those hired after 2004, where changes were made such
as the vesting period and PERSCare, the employee could choose to pay the
difference out of pocket.

Mr. Bartel corrected the firm was not saying the City could not change it for
current employees. They were saying they were not expecting Palo Alto to
make that change to the benefits.

City Attorney, Molly Stump noted the retiree medical issue was an area still
in its infancy although the California Supreme Court issued a decision late
2011 clarifying benefits to retirees could be vested dependant upon the
language in the various agreements, facts, and circumstances in which the
employees received their benefits. The courts left open for discussion to
some degree the question of medical benefits to be paid upon retirement to
current employees.


                                      18                          01/30/2012
