                               MINUTES
had representatives from the Palo Alto Animal Services Shelter and from the
Silicon Valley Human Society, the Palo Alto Humane Society, and others.
Several of those members met with Staff and looked at the averages in the
City as well as non-resident fees that shelters charged around the area.
There was a conversation and discussion about if that would drive away
people. She said it was the group’s consensus that they move forward.
They were challenged to balance the revenue enhancements with other
reductions. The stakeholder group agreed with Staff that it was better to
raise some of the out of area fees than to further reduce Animal Services
Staff. She said that when you examined the out of area fees they charged
they were still mid-line compared to other areas and were quite a bit lower
than the private sector. They believed there could be a drop off, but they
were looking at marketing the fees and getting more folks into the spay and
neuter clinic.   She said the stakeholder group was still meeting and
searching for additional ways that they could enhance services and market
in other areas. They wanted to present the fee increase to Council sooner so
that more of the fiscal year benefited from the increase. Without the
increase they had to make more reductions in expenditures.

Council Member Holman said three comparatives were Bay City’s, which was
in Milpitas, Four Paws, and Silicon Valley Animal Control Authority (SVACA).
Those were shelter and rescue facilities, not private sector. When you
compared the dog neutering with Four Paws, their range was $100-170,
while Palo Alto’s was $100-325. With dog spay it was $120-200, while Palo
Alto’s was $120-345. There was less of a disparity with cats, but it was still
pretty high. She said it seemed that there was a large reach and asked how
they would attract people from East Palo Alto or Menlo Park since they were
not that competitive.

Ms. Antil said they should have clarified that the $300-345 range was a non-
resident neuter fee that Palo Alto was charging for what they referred to as
large dogs. There were maybe three or four large dogs handled per year.
She could not speak for the other agencies, but some would not take really
large dogs.

Council Member Holman said the Charter said 100 pounds. She said that
because the fees were as high as they were, vouchers would not go as far.
She asked if the fees were that high and the Humane Society had vouchers
would the public go somewhere else to have animals spayed.

City Manager, James Keene said they were instituting the fees in order to
get an early start in the fiscal year and test the experiences with the
revenues because the budget recommendations were a combination of
revenue increases and expenditure cuts. He said the comparison with
                                                                        Page 75 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
