provisions like the subsidized retail component, the BMR housing, the
attendant parking, and parking availability to the public. Staff would try to
craft conditions that agreements be developed with the City over those
provisions and could come back to the Planning & Transportation Commission
or Council. He stated that parking appeared to be the key issue. The
alternatives included requiring more parking on the site or requiring parking
funding either for neighborhood protection programs or that would help to
construct garage space elsewhere in the downtown area.

Susan Fineberg, Planning and Transportation Commission, stated that on
February 22, 2012, the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) voted
five to two and approved the initial study and Mitigated Negative Declaration
(MND) for the proposed project. She said that the PTC also voted to adopt
the Resolution amending the Comprehensive Plan and to approve the PC
Ordinance. She explained that the required legislative findings were made for
the Resolution amending the Comprehensive Plan in Section 1 of the
Resolutions in Council’s packet. The required legislative findings for the PC
Ordinance were stated in Section F of the PC Ordinance. She explained that
the discussion at the February 22, 2012, meeting focused on the adequacy
and the nature of the public benefits and parking. The height and intensity as
proposed in the project on January 25, 2012, were supported by the majority
of the PTC and were not subject to full discussion at the February 22, 2012,
meeting. The minority opinion was from Commissioner Tanaka and herself.
She said that Commissioner Tanaka expressed concerns about the adequacy
of public benefits and parking. She said that her concern was related to the
application of the Housing Density Bonus Laws in the absence of local
implementation guidelines.     Her other concern was about granting the
exceptions for height in excess of the 50 foot height limit without having a
Council policy approving this after CEQA review, which would inform the City
about cumulative impacts and potentially required mitigations.

Judith Wasserman, Architectural Review Board Member, stated that in Palo
Alto parking drives all development and that it would behoove Council to
decide if that was a good thing or not. She said that the Architectural Review
Board (ARB) reviewed the PC. The ARB reviewed the architecture, urban
design, and all the things they would with a regular project knowing that this
was a special case because it was a PC and that it needed to rise above the
normal findings. She stated that in this case the ARB felt that it did and the
project had unanimous approval. She said that the size, scale, and general
uses of retail, office, and housing were appropriate for the site. She explained
that there was an idea that “Palo Alto” would be put prominently on the
building so it was visible by train riders. This would complement another
project happening on Hamilton that may also have “Palo Alto” on it for the
northbound trains. She said that was the gateway concept. She explained
that when the ARB looked at projects it was very concerned with the
                                   7                     March 12, 2012
