from Palo Alto. He explained this could be similar to the Joint Community
Area Dispatch Project where Staff had identified the need, worked out some
details, and involved the City Attorney and Finance to work through more
details. He reported this had been successful, but they hadn't had a large
project yet.

Mayor Yeh recalled the IBRC recognized that once the existing Police
Building was completed, it almost immediately needed updating. He did not
want to repeat that. He asked, given the operational shifts within Public
Safety for both Police and Fire, what was the best design to ensure
flexibility, not knowing what future technology might be. He asked how
much flexibility would the City have if it built a Public Safety Building and
two separate Fire Stations without considering obsolescence.

Mr. Burns shared his concern about building an obsolete and inefficient
facility. He thought the design model would be flexible so that resources,
efforts or initiatives could be shifted. He remarked the basic thing was
power to support the Facility, and the major issue, especially for the Police
Department, was security. He stated there were a variety of key objectives,
and thought Staff was smarter in 2012 than in 1968 when that building was
designed. He said there were better models which could include a green
standard. He thought they could design a Facility to meet their needs, which
would require time spent on the front end anticipating needs for 20 to 25
years in the future.

Mayor Yeh commented this was helpful to the Council in determining what it
wanted to discuss. He asked Mr. Burns for his observations concerning
political wills within jurisdictions that Palo Alto might partner with, as Chiefs
from different jurisdiction often spoke with one another. He inquired if it
would be helpful to meet with other elected officials to discuss this issue. He
stated the challenge for the Council was a possible November bond issue,
and felt knowing these operational considerations would factor into what the
Council would ask of voters. He asked what would push the discussion
forward in a way that allowed that kind of clarity. He sensed Palo Alto
voters would not be willing to support this.

Mr. Burns thought the Fire Department was moving toward a regional model,
and there was a significant amount of momentum. He didn't know if that
applied to the Public Safety Building. He indicated the Council could have
conversations with Mountain View, Los Altos and Stanford. He commented
the timeframe of a November vote could slow the likelihood of consensus on
a regional project. He did not know where those communities were in terms
of wanting to build a next generation Public Safety Building.


                                    36                    January 21, 2012 
 
