                                MINUTES
a 20 percent reduction in parking.    With these changes, the City could be
proud of this project.

Mayor Yeh remarked this was an important project from many perspectives.
He believed in transit-oriented development. This was an ideal location to
ensure the principle of transit-oriented development was achieved. If the
project failed at this site, then the Council needed to recognize that the
philosophy and development framework were in trouble. If the project did
not achieve the envisioned diversion rate, the Council would have to review
transit-oriented development in general. The project's applicant had been
responsive to the Council's concerns and issues. The Council had to balance
many different interests and perspectives. He read language from the
Ordinance on Packet page 343. That was an explicit call for a residential
parking program, and the Council did not need to reaffirm it. A residential
parking program did not decrease the demand for parking.            Parking
programs for both Professorville and Downtown North had to occur
simultaneously.

Council Member Schmid noted the City had seven parking funds, and asked
which fund Vice Mayor Scharff meant in the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for the name of the City's in lieu parking fund.

Mr. Williams answered Parking In Lieu Fund.

Vice Mayor Scharff indicated that was the fund he meant.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to; 1) revise F3 of the Ordinance (Number 4 of the Motion) to
the inclusion of 5,447 square feet of ground floor retail, and 2) delete F4 in
Ordinance –Inclusion of 1,640 square feet of subsidized non-profit office
space to be leased to a Palo Alto based non-profit at rent not to exceed 25
percent of market rates for a 10 year term.

Council Member Schmid read Goals L-4 and L-23 from the Comprehensive
Plan. If there were public benefits in the building itself, it should start with
an invitation to the people of Palo Alto to come and enjoy it.

Council Member Klein asked if the original agreement was 1,640 square feet
of retail space to be rented at 25 percent of market rate.

Mr. Williams indicated it was a reduced rate.


                                                                          Page 25 of 34
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/14/12
