                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein felt the Council had approached the whole matter
backwards.     It could be misinterpreted by the downtown business
community. He suggested Mayor Yeh support the Amendment and then add
language to the original Motion.

Mayor Yeh indicated his intention was to delete part 2 of the Motion and add
his proposed language. He could not support the Motion, because it directed
Staff to perform the action without first presenting the costs to the Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff supported an Amendment to the Motion that Staff return
to the Council with costs before performing the second part of the Motion.

Council Member Holman stated the Amendment was to delete part 2 of the
Motion.   She asked how the Council could amend language that was
proposed to be deleted.

Mayor Yeh explained that his proposed Amendment was not to move forward
on part 2, but to direct Staff to return with costs associated with part 2 at
the time the Council discussed the Scope of Services.

Council Member Holman suggested it was an Amendment to the Motion
rather than an Amendment to the Amendment.

Council Member Klein stated the Scope of Services Mayor Yeh was
referencing was the Scope of Services for the Downtown Development Cap
Study. He accepted the proposed Amendment.

Council Member Price expressed concern that Staff would detail a Scope of
Services, but she accepted the Amendment.

Council Member Holman was unclear as to the intention. She asked the
Mayor to vote on the Amendment and then amend the Motion.

Mayor Yeh clarified that the Amendment would pass with his vote and then
the Motion would be unnecessary.

Council Member Klein felt the Council voted on language that was quite
different from the Colleagues Memo recommendation.

Mr. Keene suggested the Motion clearly state the Council's intentions.

Council Member Klein stated the costs would be presented with the complete
work plan for the Downtown Development Cap Study.

                                                                        Page 17 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/5/12
