                                MINUTES
Mayor Yeh said his Motion was to not move forward with the Professorville
RPP. Everything in the remaining Motion could reset the baseline for what
downtown parking would look like.

Council Member Holman said her hope and understanding was that going
through this process would lead the City toward what it should do with an
RPP.

Mayor Yeh was not open to that and asked if she did not want to second the
Motion.

Mr. Keene said that there was always the possibility that the report would
have an impact on how the Council looked at an RPP. The Motion began
with not wanting Staff to work on an RPP and supporting any RPP process,
partly because it could be in conflict with the effort invested in the
alternatives.

Council Member Holman asked Mr. Williams if the information Staff provided
in three to six months would include what advancements had been made
and what Staff anticipated to see in terms of relief for Professorville so at
that point in time Council could look at if they wanted to move forward with
an RPP.

Mr. Williams said Staff would provide Council with an assessment of which
components of the work they were doing that would provide or had provided
relief to Professorville. At that point Council could revisit whether to try the
RPP. He thought Staff would have a real concern trying to retool a whole
new RPP program while they were looking at the other things.

Council Member Holman said she would maintain her second to the Motion
but with the intention that RPP was still on the horizon.

Mayor Yeh confirmed he was not open to that.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he would support the Motion and suggested
language additions to the Motion. He said they change the verbiage to
reflect zoning studies and revisions as a concern from the public. He
wanted the City to evaluate that issue.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to: 1) return with funding options
for new public parking garage sites, and 2) include that the zoning studies
would evaluate disincentives to having two car garages.

                                                                          Page 39 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
