                                MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd suggested adding two Priorities in 2013 so that
Priority time limits would be different.

Council Member Holman indicated that would be determined with Committee
assistance and would depend on Council recommendations.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired about the reason for a three-year time limit.
Some Priorities would require more than three years to reach a resolution.

Council Member Klein stated the intent of the definition was to distinguish
Priorities from important items that had to be considered yearly. For
example, the City's Budget had to be considered every year. The Committee
attempted to create a process that would name Priorities to be accomplished
in a particular timeframe.

Council Member Holman reported Priorities should be identified, quantified,
and accomplished. The Committee discussed wording of Priorities having
generally a three-year time limit, but did not incorporate that.

Mr. Keene felt the Committee attempted to contain the Priority process.
Nothing precluded a Council Member from suggesting a Priority be
reconsidered at the fourth year.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if any of the current Priorities, emergency
preparedness, youth and health well-being, and City finances, met the
definition.

Mr. Keene explained that previous Priorities usually were general ideas, and
omitted work plan components or objectives. This process attempted to
make those components clear and specific.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested a Council Priority be defined as a goal or topic
that would receive particular, unusual, and significant attention. He asked
for the Committee's thoughts on the level of specificity for Priorities.

Council Member Klein felt "topic" was better than "goal." He was looking for
a high level of specificity. Passing a public safety building proposal would be
an acceptable Priority under the definition; whereas, environmental
sustainability would not.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether improving infrastructure would be too
general.

                                                                         Page 18 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 10/1/12
