for the world economy, a slow mend to the U.S. economy, and perhaps a
faster rebound for Silicon Valley. Other positive data showed that retail
sales in 2011 rose nearly 8 percent over 2010, manufacturers had increased
production and hiring, agricultural exports had increased, new auto sales
had increased, and the rate of housing foreclosures had declined. A recent
consensus of economists predicted the economy would grow by 2.4 percent
in 2012, a modest but welcomed rate. California had witnessed 21 straight
months of GDP growth driven by exports from the technology and
agricultural sectors. Unfortunately, these improvements for the State had
been uneven geographically.         Companies such as Apple, Google, and
Facebook had been heavily recruiting workers.             Unemployment rates
remained stubbornly high, homeowners were concerned about the value of
their homes, consumers were thrifty and paying down debt and the stock
market was volatile.        He said he was discussing issues outside the
immediate budget conversation because the structural problems the City
faced were part of a bigger picture, some of which the Council could control
and others it could not. As with the nation, the Council could not completely
"revenue a way out" of legacy benefits or looming infrastructure bills. The
Council needed to continue efforts long underway to reduce salary and
benefit cost structure, prioritize services, reallocate resources, and find new
revenue sources, most of which would require voter approval. The FY 2013
Budget presented some difficult decisions and there would be more in the
years ahead. The chief structural issue that the City faced was expenditures
growing faster than revenues. The vast majority of operating expenses in
the General Fund were salaries and benefits, which accounted for 63 percent
of General Fund expenditures. As with all governments serving the public, it
was people who delivered services.            Unfortunately, like cities across
California, the benefits paid to employees had risen over the past decade,
dramatically in the past several years, and would continue to grow in the
years ahead. To illustrate the trajectory of these increases, the ratio of
benefits to salary had risen from 50 percent of salary in 2010, to 63 percent
in 2012. In 2002, citywide pension costs were $3 million a year, and had
risen to approximately $24 million a year in 2012. In large part, this
increase was due to the California Public Employees' Retirement System
(CalPERS) retirement portfolio dramatically dropping as a consequence of
the recession. City contribution rates rose and fell based on the portfolio's
performance as well as a variety of other factors, such as the number and
demographics of active and retired City employees. The City's pension costs
had skyrocketed and would continue to grow, because of the large
retroactive benefit increases granted in 2001 to Public Safety employees (a
50 percent retroactive lifetime benefit increase) and in 2007 to non-safety
employees (a 35 percent retroactive lifetime benefit increase). In granting
such unsustainable benefit increases, Palo Alto was following cities across
California that had done the same. Citywide healthcare costs had also risen
considerably, from $6.6 million in 2002 to $14.9 million in 2012. The City's
current liability for retiree health benefits had risen from $105 million in

                                      2                             4/30/2011
