Council Member Espinosa asked for the neighborhood's suggestions for
noticing and further study if the Council did not amend the Zoning
Ordinance.

Mr. Liberman stated his opinion did not reflect that of the neighborhood, and
it would not be fair for him to offer suggestions. He hoped the Council did
not repeat the lack of notice and hearing which occurred in 2005 when it
approved reconstruction of the facility.

Mayor Yeh understood achieving below Title XIX levels meant the frequency
of delivery of chemicals had changed. He asked CPI to comment on the
frequency of deliveries.

Mr. Fickett stated the change in deliveries was minimal. Most of the change
occurred in usage; some processes were changed to different, milder
chemicals. Potassium cyanide was delivered in double-contained 5-pound
bags. Nitric acid was delivered less than once a week.

Mayor Yeh asked if delivery of both had increased in frequency.

Mr. Fickett said nitric acid has shown an increase in frequency. CPI had
reduced the usage quantity of potassium cyanide, and he could not state
that delivery had increased or decreased.

Mayor Yeh inquired if new hazards were created from increased deliveries of
chemicals.

Mr. Simpkinson reported the overall transportation of hazardous materials in
Palo Alto had not changed as a result of CPI's actions, primarily because CPI
did not represent the majority share of those types of deliveries.

Lynnie Melena, President of the Barron Park Association, spoke on behalf of
the Board. The Barron Park Association was concerned about the presence
of hazardous materials in close proximity to the neighborhood.       They
appreciated CPI reducing the quantities of chemicals to below Title XIX
thresholds; however, it was not good planning for these two land uses to
exist side-by-side. The plating shop at CPI was an anachronism, because
other facilities around it had changed. CPI took the opposite course and
expanded its plating operations without notifying neighbors. She felt an
amortization schedule was the only real solution for CPI. Palo Alto had
amortized many uses, which were more benign than CPI. She urged the
Council to support option one.

Kriss Deiglmeir stated the City Council had to make a common and critical
decision regarding public safety. Based on the range of presentations, there
were opposing views. Decisions about public safety were not without

                                     22                           04/23/2012
