Council Member Holman said the Golder contract had a projected length of
project of 70 weeks. She asked what the possible delay would be in opening
phase 2C if the Council decided to follow Staff recommendations.

Mr. Bobel said that if they started right now, got the construction drawings
together, went out to bid, chose a contractor and did the construction work
in the summer and the fall it would be done at the end of 2012. Shortly
after that the park could be open to the public. He explained that if it was
delayed by one year, one could just add that full year on and it would open
in early 2014 instead of early 2013.

Public Works, Environmental Control Program Manager, Ron Arp said Mr.
Bobel’s assessment was accurate. He said that if the closure was extended
one year, it would correspond to one construction season. The contract
would then be extended through early 2014.           After construction was
completed a certification report containing the test results would be
compiled and sent to the regulatory agencies for certification.          The
regulatory agencies would then provide a letter of certification for the
closure and then the City would be able to open the area for public use.

Mr. Bobel said that the choice was really opening to the public in mid-2013
or delaying a year and opening to the public mid-2014.

Council Member Holman asked if there was anything that would cause
additional delay.

Mr. Bobel said no. He said that part of the reason for the delay was to allow
the City Council to make decisions.

Mr. Keene added that he did not think there was a viable alternative to delay
as Measure E passed and analysis would have to be done. He said that Staff
believed that this was the best course of action for all perspectives on
proceeding with Measure E and for completing and opening up Byxbee Park
as soon as possible.

Council Member Espinosa requested clarification on timeline between now
and June 2012 with respect to the composting operation. He asked if Staff
thought there would be any reason to delay the closure past June 2012.

Mr. Bobel said the main challenge would be the City Council schedule.




                                  11                    February 6, 2012
  
