understood, to allow the Council to focus on possibilities. She didn't want to
underestimate the dual means of sponsoring Infrastructure improvements.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether polling the community was
specific to G.O. bonds or was the idea that the Council would review an
amalgamation or options.

Mr. Perez stated if the Council chose to follow the IBRC recommendations for
the Public Safety Building, then polling would be specific to that. If the
Council chose to renovate the MSC and combine something else with that,
Staff would have to create that package and perform outreach and polling
for that wider range of items.       He reported polling depended on the
recommendation to be put forward and the components to be financed in the
G.O. Bonds.

Council Member Espinosa agreed the chart should include estimated revenue
totals. He appreciated the work of the IBRC, Appendix J and the comparison
to other cities. He thought, as the Council came to understand which made
the most sense and which were most palatable to the public, making sure
that the Council really understood revenue tied to project tied to pro and con
was obviously fundamental and critical. He felt the matrix would be more
complex in the discussion and wanted thoughts on how to make it
comprehensive.

Mr. Perez stated the IBRC Report had included details, so some of the work
was complete and Staff could combine and expand it.

Council Member Klein felt the Council had moved away from the Agenda and
was not sure which Item they were discussing.

Mayor Yeh responded 5c.

Council Member Klein said Colleagues' comments were all over the place,
and thought the Council should acknowledge what it was doing. He noted
there had been no mention of the Transient Occupancy Tax, which was a
possibility. He knew that had recently been increased, but felt it was still
lower than other places he traveled. He wasn't necessarily speaking in favor
of it, but considered it a possibility.     He thought the Council should
acknowledge a General Obligation Bond on the November ballot was not a
good idea, as there wasn't enough time. He felt an advantage for the
Library Bond was providing very specific details, such as conceptual plans,
the site, and good cost estimates, to the voters. He stated none of that was
true for the Public Safety Building. He didn't think those items could be in

                                  24                   January 21, 2012 
 
