    Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff had considered a FAR bonus system, where
    a parcel up to a certain size received more benefits and the benefits were
    explicitly stated.

    Mr. Williams replied Staff had discussed that technique. He stated it was
    applicable here and in the south of San Antonio area to encourage
    commercial development.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked whether Staff was looking for general direction
    tonight.

    Mr. Williams stated Staff was looking for general direction that the concept
    of encouraging higher intensity for the type of development Staff wanted to
    see in these areas was appropriate; and that Staff was to develop the
    specific mechanisms for that, perform a traffic analysis and other
    environmental analyses, and return with the remainder of the
    Comprehensive Plan.

    Vice Mayor Scharff noticed Staff had set FAR targets which it was planning
    on studying. He inquired why Staff had set those targets rather than
    utilizing a range for analysis in the EIR, given traffic impacts.

    Mr. Williams reported Staff was looking at ranges. He thought the most
    specific one was the East Meadow Circle area, which was 0.4 to 0.6.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked how that range was determined.

    Mr. Williams thought it was Staff's sense that there was a point at which a
    certain FAR would have a significant traffic impact. He stated Staff could
    raise the ratio, but he thought Staff was considering a blanket average FAR
    of 0.5 or 0.6. He indicated traffic could actually accommodate 0.3 or 0.4
    adjacent to residential and perhaps 0.75 adjacent to West Bayshore. He
    stated the range did not apply to a specific parcel.

    Council Member Burt asked how Staff might distinguish between R&D and
    Office use; given that Palo Alto was one of the few cities without a business
    license. He asked how Staff would control that even if it was a part of the
    rules.

    Mr. Williams thought Staff had to work on that. He suggested Staff could
    upgrade use and occupancy requirements to something that specifically
    defined the business, whether number of employees or the nature of the
    business.



                                   11                  February 13, 2012 
 
