                               MINUTES
Mr. Emslie believed the Council could benefit from understanding the
impacts of mitigations; therefore, Staff would attempt to identify mitigation
measures.

Council Member Price inquired whether the study would discuss mode split.

Mr. Emslie stated it would include mode split.

Council Member Price asked Staff to comment on key elements of a fiscal
and economic impact analysis.

Mr. Emslie explained one of the critical factors in an economic analysis was
cost-benefits. The City needed to quantify the cost to deliver services and
offset that amount with any potential revenues generated from the project.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff had the resources to perform
the preliminary work for a fiscal and economic impact analysis before
presentation of an advisory measure.

Mr. Emslie asked Council Member Price if she was asking whether Staff had
the in-house resources to perform the analysis.

Council Member Price assumed Staff did not have in-house resources.

Mr. Emslie reported Staff would ask the Council for authorization to obtain
specific experts to prepare a fiscal impact analysis. The analysis could be
performed prior to a deadline setting an advisory measure for election.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would contract with an independent, third-party
analyst to determine the potential value of zoning or rezoning and to assess
appropriate levels of public benefits in relation to the project. The Council
would need an independent assessment as part of its negotiation of a
development agreement.

Council Member Price was encouraged by the cooperation of the
transportation agencies. There was a strong issue in terms of the value of
arts and culture as an economic promoter. She believed funding of the full
EIR would not occur prior to the advisory measure.

Mr. Keene agreed that the EIR would not occur prior to the advisory
measure.

Council Member Price asked if a full EIR analysis would require a few years
to perform.
                                                                       Page 14 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
