                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman explained Proposition 34 would commute death
sentences to life in prison without the possibility of parole. The Resolution
and Colleagues Memo pointed to local governance implications. The State
spent $130 million from the General Fund annually because of the death
penalty. She hoped colleagues would support the Resolution.

Mayor Yeh wanted to focus on the economic impact of the death penalty
rather than the moral issues. Proposition 34 would generate substantial
savings that could be re-appropriated for infrastructure and education. He
also asked colleagues to support the Resolution.

Judge LaDoris Cordell stated responsible city government leaders should
support the Resolution. The death penalty system in California was bad
public policy and fiscally irresponsible.   Savings could be spent in
communities to hire teachers, nurses, and homicide investigators. The
Council's support of Proposition 34 would send an important message to
cities around the state.

Alice Smith urged the Council to pass a Resolution supporting Proposition
34. Better education was important to a just society.

Gerard McGuire supported the Resolution. California's death penalty law
was archaic, unfairly applied, and fiscally insane. The gentlemen who wrote
the death penalty initiative in 1978 admitted it was a mistake, and
supported Proposition 34.      Eliminating the death penalty would make
California safer.

Jay M. Jackman, M.D. J.D. supported the Resolution. Victims' families
continued to be traumatized by the lengthy appeals process. Abolishing the
death penalty would allow victims' families to find peace.

Claude Ezran recalled on March 11, 2010, the Human Relations Commission
unanimously passed a Resolution to end the death penalty in Santa Clara
County. It was important to remember the moral and philosophical aspects
as well as financial aspects of the death penalty.

Terry McCaffrey reported an estimated $1 billion would be saved over five
years by abolishing the death penalty. Proposition 34 called for $100 million
to be set aside for investigation of unsolved rapes and murders. He
encouraged the Council to support the Resolution.

Ellen Kreitzberg stated Proposition 34 was a local matter because of funding
and safety issues. Executions created stress for prison staff.

                                                                       Page 15 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/1/12
