Motion “to be used to develop pedestrian, bicycle and transit connections, as
well as public space design and preliminary design review and initial
environmental review of 27 University Avenue and surrounding areas.”

Council Member Burt thought it was very important that the purpose of this
be that the City was taking a lead role in the design of this area and not a
reactionary role, although it would be a collaborative one.

Council Member Price reported there was no mention of site design, urban
design, architectural design, and yet the Staff Report indicated the expertise
of individuals in those areas would be part of this. She noted under
preliminary design review there was no mention of environment other than
the concept of pedestrian and bicycle connections. She inquired if that was
sufficient given the understanding of the original purpose of these funds.

Mr. Emslie did not believe the Council needed to be more explicit. He stated
Staff proposed the language to be as broad as possible so it would include
urban design and site planning, because they would have a great deal of
bearing on the effectiveness of this space. He indicated Staff interpreted
that to have a broader meaning. He thought if the language was limited, the
Council ran the risk of making it too narrow and causing some confusion on
Staff's part.

Mr. Keene suggested changing environment to environmental review as a
minor issue on the last thing. He heard Council Member Price's comment
not as limiting, but as adding language to expand the fact that that level of
review would have connections and interface with the actual urban design
and building designs themselves; to make sure that the Council didn't focus
just on the preliminary design review. He thought that was assumed, but he
didn't think it was harmed by expanding it.

Council Member Price noted the community's questions about the precise
address, and questioned the exact address.

Mr. Emslie stated Staff would verify the address, but Staff's records
indicated the address for the site was 27 University.

Council Member Burt asked if it would be better to have a description of that
space rather than an address. He thought it was a number of parcels.

Mr. Emslie agreed.

Council Member Burt inquired what was the best description of the space.

Mr. Emslie stated some site parameters, "area bordered by."


                                     23                            3/05/2011
