                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct Staff to explore a preference in the regulatory
agreement for seniors displaced due to loss of low-income housing
elsewhere in Palo Alto, to the extent feasible and consistent with legal
requirements and if approved by other funding sources.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the proposed language would impact
other funding sources.

Ms. Stump did not believe a definitive answer could be given. The language
included discretion for negotiations.

Ms. Gonzalez suggested language of "consistent with legal requirements and
other funding sources."

Mayor Yeh indicated the Motion was not an approval of the project. The
partnership with PAHC was essential to providing affordable housing. The
project could meet shifting demographics within the community and the
demand for affordable senior housing.

Council Member Price supported the Incorporation. A mixture of affordable
and market-rate housing had been successful in other communities. The
project provided a variety of housing, which was needed in the community.
The sensitivity to the issues of seniors seeking housing was critical. The
modification to the original Motion was appropriate considering the issues
facing residents of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.

Council Member Burt agreed with the intent of the Motion and Incorporation;
however, specifically addressing the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park issue
could indicate the Council's intent of an outcome on a project it had not
reviewed. He would be more comfortable with broader language.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Burt's comment.

Council Member Schmid supported Council Member Burt's comment. He
understood the Council had the option of discussing the future of the Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park.

Council Member Price inquired whether the Incorporation achieved the
original concept of considering geographic preference, neighborhood
preference, or ZIP Code preference in addition to the live-work preference
with regard to eligibility on a waiting list. Including the reference to Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park was illustrative without being prescriptive. It
provided an awareness of a neighborhood preference as a criteria to become
                                                                        Page 14 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/19/12
