economical or practical solution. He stated consolidation of Public Safety
departments across municipal boundaries was a management rather than a
physical option, since response times were paramount in issues of public
safety.

Mark Michael, Chair IBRC Municipal Services Center (MSC) Working
Committee, thanked Staff for their hard work and contributions.              He
reported the MSC Working Committee had three main objectives: 1) to
identify the issues, risks and opportunities; 2) to analyze the problem and to
identify potential solutions; and 3) to provide recommendations. He said the
Committee concluded that the Council should authorize a project to replace
the MSC, because the current facilities were out-of-date, inefficient, and
vulnerable to seismic and flood threats. He reported a new MSC could be
built at the current East Bayshore location on a single site, or the City
services supported by the MSC infrastructure (Utilities, Public Works,
Administrative Services, Parks and Animal Services) could be optimized and
relocated into split sites. He stated the Committee felt the Council's decision
on such a project should be based on an expanded consultant study of the
Community's needs and an updated analysis of costs and benefits. The
Committee thought a Request for Proposal for such study should specify
feasibility and cost estimates for repairing and replacing the current MSC
(static option) or relocating and splitting the various departments (dynamic
option). The IBRC was interested in the dynamic option, because it was the
best mechanism for delivery of services at the lowest cost.            He said
relocating City operations could address two different types of risk. He
reported the present site was exposed to emergency response or disaster
risk and economic development risk. He said there were declining sales tax
trends from auto dealers. He indicated the City's freeway-visible property
could be made available for commercial or business activities (auto dealer
cluster, retail, hotel, office space or a combination of uses), which would
generate tax revenues. The Committee recommended relocation of Utilities
and Public Works to west of Highway 101, and funding the new facilities
from a Utility Revenue Bond. The Committee suggested the Los Altos
Treatment Plant could provide a new location for the Animal Services Center,
if the Council determined outsourcing was not preferable, and possibly for
Park Operations. The Committee recommended the City's property on East
Bayshore should be appraised to determine its value and to confirm the
highest and best use for either the public or private sector. He stated in one
possible scenario, assuming a freeway-visible site could substantially
increase sales of auto dealers, the City would have a strong position in
negotiating a land swap for parcels on East Embarcadero. He reported the
Baylands Master Plan Land Use Policy endorsed commercial and office-space
usage on East Embarcadero. He said if the City were to acquire those
parcels, the City could convert the property to office space. He stated a
savings could be generated by using a City-owned facility for personnel,
rather than renting office space in the downtown area. He indicated there
was space adjacent to the Golf Course for the Parks Department operations.
                                      4                           01/17/2012
