                                MINUTES
development rather than cultural exchange. She said they were looking at
sending host delegations back and forth to create cross border investments
and trades. Palo Alto was understood to be the capital of Silicon Valley in
China and could share best practices. Yangpu had many investors looking to
California projects. She said that Yangpu strived to be one of the greenest
cities in the country as well as one of the smartest cities. Sustainable
development was part and parcel of a smart city. That could be put
specifically into the LOI or the agreement in the future. Bay Area Council
would facilitate the agreement.

3.    Project Safety Net Community Presentation.

Project Safety Net Director, Christina LLerena explained that she was
honored and excited to be on board as the Project Safety Net (PSN) Director
and has been in the position for three months. She stated she has conducted
an internal and external audit including PSN Steering Committee members
and members at large as well as community members. The three findings
were general themes to work on this year: 1) strengthen the partnership
and collaborative relationship with PAUSD at all levels—administrative and
site; 2) engage and empower youth in PSN; 3) balance and maintain the
dual but related efforts of the suicide prevention and Developmental asset
work of PSN. Council Member Burt asked about upcoming actions and Ms.
Llerena stated they were creating a youth-focused QPR/Suicide Prevention
training and hoping to do a joint youth and adult event for the community.
The date was to be determined. Council Member Price commended on the
efforts of PSN and stressed how important suicide prevention work is.

STUDY SESSION

4.    Cool Cities Challenge Study Session.

David Gershon explained the “Cool Cities Challenge” to Council and indicated
that he would like to see Palo Alto submit a “Letter of Intent” and later apply
to become part of the Program. Once a Letter of Intent (LOI) was submitted,
David would spend approximately one year fund raising for implementation.
If funds are raised from the private sector and grants, Palo Alto would then
make a final decision on whether to apply to be one of the US cities
participating. The Program would establish neighborhood Green Teams to
work on Greenhouse Gas reduction on a household-by-household basis. No
action was taken by Council. Staff will return to Council with a Draft LOI for
consideration.



                                                                          Page 2 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/16/12
