                      DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd said in the private sector employees
could not always cash out their unpaid benefits and that should
be recognized. Then they could clearly articulate exactly how it
looked and what non-typical benefits public employees had in
their employment package.       Her biggest problem was not
understanding the differences and recognizing them so they could
be explained to the community. She said those comments flowed
through to Guiding Principles Number 7 and Number 8. With
Guiding Principle Number 6, recruitment and retention, she had
heard from some members of Labor management that they
wanted to see an ability to improve their job and grow with the
job instead of someone coming out of retirement and taking the
job.   They felt that was not conducive to a good working
environment. She asked if that was what Guiding Principle
Number 6 was trying to capture.

Ms. Scott said yes.

Mayor Yeh said that he wanted to check in about the potential
language changes. He said that if there was an interest to review
it in greater depth it made sense to refer the Guiding Principles to
the Finance Committee. He was unsure if it was time sensitive
that the Guiding Principles had to be passed at that evening’s
meeting. He said that it sounded like there were additional edits
that Council Member Shepherd was interested in.

Council Member Shepherd said she had one edit. She said that
she wanted to tie it to the budget process as opposed to how the
language stood, which she felt was vague. She said that if Mayor
Yeh wanted to send the Guiding Principles through Finance she
was fine with that.

Mr. Keene said that if they were close to the end it was
advantageous for Council to formally adopt the Guiding Principles
as soon as possible. He preferred they adopt them that evening.
The adoption did not preclude them from returning to the Guiding
Principles and modifying them if desired.
                                                                   Page 16 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
