                               MINUTES
they would like to brief the Council fully on the options and approaches that
the City had taken and planned to take going forward when they met in
Closed Session. She said that further public education might be appropriate
after that.

Council Member Shepherd said she wanted to make sure that the public was
informed throughout the process. She was proud of the way the City had
handled the matter as they had put the right mechanisms in place in order
to get the building finished. She noted that building completion and public
open date were not the same day.

Mr. Bobel said that there would be several months from completion of
construction to the date when the building was open to the public. He said
they were looking at ways to overlap things to shorten that timeframe.
There were two dates. Some of the documents went back and forth
between the completion of construction and open to the public dates. He
said they were trying to minimize the difference by looking at what activities
they could start ahead of completion of construction.

Mr. Keene added that Staff did not think the contractor’s estimated
completion date was accurate for where the building was and when it could
be done. They were repeatedly disappointed in the contractor’s performance
in meeting the construction schedule and he took Council’s advice seriously
about the City being upfront with the community. Based on that, Staff was
going along with the contractor’s estimate while still pushing to shorten the
completion date in any way possible.

Council Member Schmid said that he was not as interested in responsibility
as he was in scheduling and progress. He stated that Council had received
periodic reports concerning progress over the last year. Sometimes the
reports were monthly and other times they were bi-monthly. He said that if
one looked at the date of the report and the goal of Certificate of Occupancy,
it started out a year ago saying 13 months and it had varied between 10 and
13 months since that time. The current report in Council’s packet said 11
months without a good explanation of any progress or problems. There was
no substantive response Council could make to what was going on or to the
credibility of future dates. He asked if the Certificate of Occupancy date
would continue to be pushed out. It would be helpful if Staff put the matter
on the Consent Calendar that there be a description of what took place since
the last report. As it stood, all Council received was reports of dates that
continually were pushed out. He encouraged more substance regarding
what exactly was going on. The public perception was that nothing had
been accomplished in the last 12 months.

                                                                        Page 14 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
