                                MINUTES
Leonor Delgado said there were three areas of concern she wanted to
address. First the proposed schedule of fees for Fiscal Year 2013 with
particular attention to the increased fees for non-residents at the spay and
neuter clinic. She said residents of wealthier neighboring cities such as
Atherton and Menlo Park seeking a bargain would continue to get a good one
under the revised fee schedule. She was concerned about residents of East
Palo Alto, East Menlo Park, and other unincorporated areas of San Mateo
County who depended on Animal Services and would be adversely affected
by increased fees. Increased fees could affect a person’s decision to spay
their animal, which could dramatically increase feral animal populations.
She said the fees increased at the Animal Services spay and neuter clinic
were not competitive with those charged by low cost clinics which rescuers
and low income people frequented. The spay and neuter fee increases
would negatively impact rescue groups operating outside the contracted
cities. She said that peninsula nonprofits would need to dispense a larger
number of spay and neuter vouchers to low income users, which would
deplete them earlier in the year. Second, she was concerned that higher
adoption fees could result in animals staying at the shelter for longer periods
of time, not freeing up space for other adoptable animals.

Mayor Yeh said that further comment could be provided to the City Clerk and
would be distributed to the City Council.

Luke Stangel said three and a half months ago the Palo Alto Animal Shelter
faced a bleak future. Today they had a brighter future. The proposal was a
mixture of higher fees and laying off two people. He explained he was a
stakeholder group member, President of the Friends of the Palo Alto Animal
Shelter, and he thought higher fees were appropriate. He asked that the
City Council consider closing Animal Control Officers positions through
attrition rather than laying off. Avoiding the layoffs through attrition helped
the department retain its institutional edge while balancing the budget in a
more humane way.

Public hearing closed at 11:48 P.M.

Council Member Holman said that the Staff report indicated the stakeholder
group met once with Staff, and the question’s response stated there were
three meetings. She asked what the stakeholder group’s reaction was to the
proposed fees, or if the stakeholders were provided with a schedule of fees
to which they could respond.

Ms. Antil apologized for the confusion. There was a revenue subcommittee.
They asked the stakeholders at the first meeting to volunteer because they
knew it was something they needed to work on quickly. She said that they
                                                                         Page 74 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
