Council Member Holman noted on Packet page 25 the cost per resident for
Planning and Community Environment exceeded the cost for larger cities.
She asked if that was a matter of economy of scale, and what did that
encompass.

Mr. Pelletier did not know whether Staff could answer that specifically. He
indicated these charts provided some reference, but Staff did not know the
level of services provided by the different cities and was not able to compare
at that level. The State Controller's office tried to standardize information
across different jurisdictions, but there was no guarantee of a full picture of
the level of services provided. He suggested Palo Alto could provide a much
higher level of service than other cities; however, Staff did not have any
information to be that specific.

Council Member Holman understood it might not be specific, but thought Staff
might have some comparative rather than statistical information as they were
familiar with other communities.

Mayor Yeh noted on Packet page 53, capital spending fluctuated over the
fiscal years, ranging from as low as $13 million to the most recent fiscal year
of approximately $40 million. He was interested in comparison points to other
cities as it related to Infrastructure investment, and how that translated to
actual expenditures. He anticipated that would be an issue the Council would
work through over multiple years.

Mr. Pelletier replied Staff had not historically reported that data. He stated
Staff would review data to determine if there was anything they could pull
out. He suggested Staff could compare cities in that way for next year's
Report.

Mayor Yeh stated Packet page 94 focused on the Metropolitan Transportation
Commission (MTC) report of the Pavement Condition Index (PCI) for all
streets. He noted Palo Alto was ranked in the middle of the PCI comparison.
He wanted to know how other jurisdictions were funding maintenance and
repair to improve the quality of streets over the years. He wanted greater
opportunities for comparison of Infrastructure investments across cities, even
if it was in raw data format.

Mr. Pelletier answered he would look into that for next year and would let the
Council know what Staff would be able to pull together.

Mayor Yeh knew that throughout the year the SEA Report was a great
reference in almost any policy discussion the Council had since it cut across
every single Department. He appreciated in particular the four-page report,
which presented some of the highlights that were most accessible to the
public. He asked if the Report was available on the web site.

                                            7                     03/19/2012
