residential parking permits were a strategy that the Sierra Club supported.
He said that the evening’s issue was not to fix the City’s chronic parking
problem but to approve a stellar TOD.

Ron Babiera stated he was with the Palo Alto Housing Corporation who
supported the provision of below market rate units as public benefit
requirements for the proposed project. The organization believed that BMR
units were still greatly needed in Palo Alto and that every single BMR unit
counted toward meeting the need for affordable housing in the City.

Tina Peak said that the proposed gateway building encompassed everything
that was wrong with the planning process in the City. She said the building
was massively sized and exceeded the current zoning for the parcel, which
was for a two story building. The project also exceeded the 50 foot height
limit which was supposed to be a hard limit for all Palo Alto buildings
according to the City’s current Comprehensive Plan. She said that there had
been no environmental impact reports to support new expanded densities
throughout the City. She stated that PC exemptions were in the current
Comprehensive Plan for extraordinary exemptions, not for every office or
residential building that developers bring before the Council. She said that
citizens were fed the line that growth was good for our economy, for our
community’s livability, for the environment and that was not true. She said
that in a finite City continuous growth was not good. It had negative effects
which included crowded roads, packed parks, oversubscribed schools, and
more air pollution. She stated that growth was not inevitable and that City
Council needed to send this project back to the drawing board, or better to
the chopping block so it could be brought down to size.

Lad Wilson said that he was most impacted by the project as he owned all the
surrounding properties. He said that the block had been practicing mixed use
for the last 50 years or more along with keeping in mind the primary
environment that they provided which was that of a small neighborhood. He
said he had easy access to all his questions and that he was intensely
consulted on both the height of the building and the daylight plane issues. He
said that he had access to the Lytton project group and to the Butler
Company and everyone had been great with openness, communication, and
full disclosure. He said the development was an infill mixed use project
representing an investment in mass transportation. Since the project was
occupying land near a rail link it would connect the existing vibrant downtown
center of Palo Alto to cities of San Francisco and San Jose. Those incoming
and outgoing commuters using 101 Lytton space more efficiently created
public benefits. The public benefit was even more pronounced with the Lytton
gateway project providing Caltrain Go Passes or the equivalent for all
residents and employees for the life of the project. He encouraged the City
Council to endorse the project because it incorporated a great transit element
                                  29                    March 12, 2012
