                               MINUTES
They had used nice materials, included details, and stepped up the scale
from adjacent buildings.

Council Member Shepherd noted some buildings Downtown exceeded the
50-feet height limit. She wanted to ensure the features would be appealing
and transitional for the future. This project was a good building and that
contributed to public benefit. She was concerned about increasing the
number of people not driving and found that only in the provision for
Caltrain GO Passes or equivalent but no mention of the VTA Eco Pass. She
asked if the VTA Eco Pass was part of the TDM program.

Mr. Smith reported employees could choose an Eco Pass or a GO Pass.

Council Member Shepherd asked if GO Passes had to be given to all
employees.

Mr. Williams indicated GO Passes required a commitment of approximately
$10,000. Above that level, there was some flexibility.

Council Member Holman asked why the non-profit office space was for ten
years rather than the life of the project.

Mr. Williams stated that was the length of time offered by the applicant. The
applicant would have to discuss the financial impact of a longer period of
time.

Council Member Holman asked why Staff supported financial services and
conditionally approved private education facilities.    A private education
facility would seem to attract a great deal of traffic.

Mr. Williams reported the financial services area was intended to be a walk-
in area that could be converted to retail. The Council could change that to a
conditional use. An educational use would be conditional only and subject to
review. Staff did not want to preclude a use in that regard.

Council Member Holman noted PC inspections were required every three
years and TDM monitoring not later than two and five years after building
occupancy. She asked whether inspections could be yearly, because this
site was in the center of an area with parking deficits.

Mr. Williams did not suggest monitoring annually as changes were unlikely to
occur that quickly. He felt it appropriate to monitor the PC after the first
year and every three years thereafter. He was concerned that yearly
monitoring would require a great deal of Staff time.
                                                                       Page 13 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/14/12
