                               MINUTES

Mr. Bobel said Staff would prepare the ORRS. Jim Binder of Alternative
Resources, Inc. would provide assistance, but the ORRS would be a Staff
document.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked what the $174,000 would cover.

Mr. Bobel advised that was the amount of the Budget Amendment
Ordinance. The total amount of the contract amendment was $290,000.
The contract amendment covered the entire RFP process; determining
performance standards, conducting public outreach, receiving the Council's
input, issuing the RFP, answering vendor questions, evaluating proposals,
and assisting with a decision.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted the decision points in 2013 for the Council would
be performance standards and landfill capping. He asked for an explanation
of the landfill capping decision.

Mr. Bobel indicated in January Staff would ask the Council to decide how to
proceed with capping the landfill.     If the Council wanted to build an
Energy/Compost Facility there, then that portion of the landfill would have to
be uncapped and some portion of the material moved. Another option would
be to defer capping; however, regulatory agencies did not favor that. One
reason to defer capping was to prevent the expense of capping and
uncapping. Between those two options, Staff would provide one or more
alternative options involving a partial cap and seeking approval from
regulatory agencies to defer capping a portion of the landfill.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if Staff would list the pros and cons of each
option in the Staff report.

Mr. Bobel responded yes.

Council Member Burt asked how Staff would narrow the list of issues for
consideration found on page 306 of the Council Packet. He had heard other
cities might be interested in participating in yard waste.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff had spoken to the communities closest
geographically to Palo Alto, and they had not expressed interest to date.

Council Member Burt inquired if those discussions included our San Mateo
County partners as well as partners in the wastewater treatment plant.




07-02-2012                                                             111-133
