                                MINUTES
Mayor Yeh indicated all residents and other interested persons would have
an opportunity to provide testimony individually on the water, wastewater,
or refuse rates or all of the above. To be valid, protests to the proposed rate
increases had to be submitted in writing, signed, and submitted to the City
Clerk before the close of the hearing. The protest also had to identify the
parcel and rate being protested. Although the water, wastewater, and
refuse rate increases were being considered together in one public hearing,
the presence or absence of a majority protest would be calculated separately
for each rate. The City Clerk would accept written protests until the public
hearing closed. At the conclusion of the public hearing, the City Clerk would
count the number of written protests against the proposed rate increases,
and the City Council would determine whether a majority protest existed for
each rate.    If a majority of customers and property owners had not
submitted protests by the close of the public hearing, then the City Council
could adopt new water, wastewater, and refuse rate schedules as part of the
Ordinance adopting the Budget for FY 2013.

Public Hearing reopened (continued from 6/11/12) at 7:53 P.M.

Leonor Delgado was pleased to learn that Animal Services would remain
open as a City public institution throughout the coming fiscal year. This
decision provided stakeholders time to work out means by which the Shelter
could continue to perform valuable services for the greater community. The
Council's decision ensured the ongoing safety of the animals and the
continuation of services the public knew and expected. She hoped the
stakeholders participating in meetings understood that their decisions could
make or break the Shelter. The Animal Shelter served communities that
were not as wealthy as Palo Alto, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, and most of
Mountain View. Fee adjustments could be detrimental to the work of
rescuers, to animal lovers, and to those communities. These communities
most needed the vaccination and spay and neuter clinic.

Betty-Anne Stenmark, Volunteer Coordinator at Animal Services, worked
1,000 hours annually and generated more than 3,000 volunteer hours
annually. These volunteers were the same dedicated workers who founded
Save Our Shelter, which had recently become the Friends of the Shelter
group. This group was dedicated to raising funds to bridge the gap in
funding at the Animal Shelter. She asked the Council to give the group time
to raise funds.

Hillary Stangel appreciated the Council's patience during the Animal Services
discussion. The Council had to reduce the Shelter's Budget by $300,000 or
$500,000. She asked the Council to reduce the Budget by $300,000. For
years, the City had spent $700,000 annually on Animal Services. Reductions
                                                                          Page 6 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/18/12
