Council Member Klein said he suggested a substantial in lieu contribution to
the Housing Fund.

Council Member Burt said that there were two differences in the Substitute
Motion from the original Motion. One was to eliminate all the housing onsite
and that being in the fifth floor. The second was to eliminate the subsidized
nonprofit.

AMENDMENT TO SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved,
seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to direct Staff to explore with the Applicant
shifting the former subsidized retail area to be designated as subsidized
downtown serving non-profit on the ground floor.

Council Member Klein said that there was another major difference between
the original Motion and his Substitute Motion and that was the elimination of
the fifth floor.

Council Member Burt stated that he recognized and accepted that. He said
that he did not think the housing added to the revenue for the developer.
Market rental housing would be unlikely to add significant revenue for the
developer and the dollars put into Below Market Rate at this site would be
better spent in the Housing Fund to be used more efficiently at another
location.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that he thought Council Member Klein made a good
point about the profit being in the second through fourth floors. He stated
this was marginal retail space and that Palo Alto had downtown serving
nonprofits that had a really hard time finding office space. He said that was a
real public benefit and it was important to look at. He thought they were
losing the ability to consider the fifth floor for a large community benefit that
would solve some real problems in terms of downtown parking.

Council Member Holman said she appreciated the intention but would not
support the Amendment. She said that there were nonprofits at Cubberley
that needed new locations too and she thought the Amendment was too
narrow. She said she wanted a broader consideration of the nonprofits, not
just that they were downtown serving. She questioned what downtown
serving meant and how it would be identified. She said that she did not like
losing retail sales tax dollars but that she was ok with subsidized nonprofit.

Council Member Schmid said he would not support the Amendment. He said
that they were talking about the future of Alma Street. He thought a retail
operation could be a valuable part of that long term development. He stated

                                   44                     March 12, 2012
