Kris Deiglmeier, Executive Director of the Center for Social Innovation at
Stanford, stated she lived on Chimalus with her family. She indicated her
home was right behind CPI. She was also deeply familiar with the role that
government played in building a just, sustainable and healthy community,
and she wanted to talk about that with the Council. She stated the Council
would not allow CPI to build a huge plant with toxic chemicals in their
neighborhood, because it cut into daylight, encroached on setbacks and the
building was unsightly. She stated the situation was created by CPI and it
was made worse by the City. She said the Council must rectify the situation
and then maybe they could all sleep at night.

Samir Tuma stated this topic was very important. He indicated he had
worked diligently and had many meetings over the last six years, ever since
he discovered the existence of these large quantities of chemicals in his
backyard. He had met with no less than five Mayors, at least a dozen City
Council Members, two City Managers, two Assistant City Managers, two City
Attorneys and their Staff, the Planning Director and his Staff, five
representatives of CPI, various members of the Stanford staff and a very
large number of neighborhoods. He indicated adequate progress had not
been made, because he was still living with the same conditions. He
reported he and his neighbors simply could not have these significant
quantities of toxic chemicals located behind their neighborhood. He noted
the City Council Priorities were Land Use, Emergency Preparedness, and the
Environment, all wrapped around health and safety. He said these were his
priorities. He stated it was time for action and time for leadership—the
Council's action, the Council's leadership.

Richard Placone stated in spite of numerous letters, meetings and empty
promises by the City and CPI, the 73 families living on Chimalus lived with
constant threat of a dangerous operation next door, with some homes as
close as 55 feet from the source. He felt it was time for the current Council
to inform themselves about this situation and to set an agendized public
hearing to hear from the neighbors and residents and to take action now.

Mark Weiss stated he lived at Oak Creek Drive, but had rented a house on
Chimalus. He hoped the City Council was diligent about weighing the
concerns of the citizens versus the concerns of the manufacturer.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Bob Moss strongly urged the Council to pull Item 5 and send it back for
correction, because it was full of errors and omissions. On page 18-23
discussing hazardous materials, he reported it read that hazardous materials
were stored in a number of locations in Palo Alto including the Stanford
Research Park. On page 18-50, he reported it said hazardous material spills
were not of particular concern to the City of Palo Alto. He reported the list

                                     6                            3/05/2011
