MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to accept
Staff recommendation to support a policy to pursue a carbon-neutral electric
portfolio and direct Staff to develop a plan by December 2012 to achieve
that goal.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff that the December 2012 staff
report will have a goal that the program be fully implemented no later than
January 1, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

11. Approval of Policy & Services Committee Recommendation on
    Infrastructure Funding.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to accept Policy & Services Committee recommendation to: 1) not
place a bond measure or other revenue measure on the November 2012
general election; 2) direct Staff to start planning for a 2014 election; 3)
direct Staff to develop a detailed plan and timeline for a 2014 election to
include financial considerations, identification of potential assets to be
constructed or remodeled, appropriate polling and identification of potential
revenue sources, and to bring the plan and timeline to Council for approval
by September 1, 2012; and 4) direct Staff to include identification of
potential projects and the estimated costs as the first task accomplished
under the timeline.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

12. Rail Committee Status Report on Current High Speed Rail and Caltrain
    Electrification Submitted for Council Review and Comment.

No action required.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein reported he attended the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) meeting last week.             The discussions
centered around; 1) the current bay area water supply, 2) WSIP water
supply project being on target at this time, and 3) a group of San Francisco
voters who are trying to put a ballot measure on this November to drain the
Hetch Hetchy Reservoir. He also reported on attending the annual Avenidas
fundraiser this past week.



                                     4                           05/21/2011
