certainly part of the solution to the problem. He said that some people
thought added parking was a primary solution and others disagreed, but he
did not think there was much debate that the City presently had a shortage of
downtown parking. He stated that the site was formerly a gas station, which
was ground floor retail. He asked if it was categorized that way.

Ms. French said the land use classification was considered automotive
services.

Council Member Burt said that about two years ago Council readjusted the
downtown retail boundaries, which were the areas that must have ground
floor retail. The recommendations were made by downtown property owners
and Staff. The lines were redrawn and the areas that were not good for retail
were removed from the district and some areas that were identified as good
for retail were added. He said that this project was outside of the boundaries
for downtown retail, but that retail was so important to the project that it was
considered a public benefit of the project. He explained that if the site was in
the downtown retail district it would not be a public benefit at all, it would be
a requirement for the project. He said that it seemed Council needed to
reconsider the boundaries.

Mr. Williams said that generally Lytton was not a retail street, but this corner
had that potential because it was proximate to the train station.

Council Member Burt said that they had bookended retail nodes around transit
areas. He said that they should be part of what they are conceiving, and that
if they were pushing for retail at the site then they ought to acknowledge that
and not put categorize it as a public benefit whether it was part of the
contiguous downtown retail or not. With respect to housing, he viewed this
building site as one of the most valuable in downtown Palo Alto. He said that
Council was considering having half of the top floor being affordable housing
which was, by definition, penthouse housing.           He said they would be
moderately small penthouses, but they were still seven affordable housing
penthouses.     He questioned if the dollars spent creating the affordable
housing at that site would be better spent creating more affordable housing in
other areas that were not the gateway building of the downtown. He asked
who would get the affordable units. He asked how they would select seven
residents who would get penthouse apartments in a very high end building in
one of the premier spots in the country.

Mr. Williams said that it would be worked through the BMR list like other BMR
units.

Council Member Burt said that was a lottery. He stated that was not good
policy. He would be interested in exploring other alternatives later on about
                                   23                     March 12, 2012
