                      DRAFT MINUTES
and looked at analogous situations in terms of traffic to get a
better understanding of the traffic flow. They wanted to be a
good neighbor and understood the concerns about the shared
driveway. If the traffic became a problem, Mustard Seed would
establish a monitoring system in which the school would monitor
traffic moving in and out, notify the people inside that parents
had arrived for pick up and expedite any problems. Mustard
Seed wanted to be a good neighbor, serve the Palo Alto
community diligently, and continue to be supportive of the
families and the neighbors’ concerns. He said that they continued
to look for a dialogue of open discussion.

Council Member Holman asked Staff if there were traffic backups
and if Staff would evaluate alternatives on how to address those
backups. She reviewed the PTC minutes and saw the discussion
about circulation of flow and entrances and exits. She did not see
a discussion about staggered hours pick up. If Mustard Seed
closed at 6:00 p.m. she saw a potential for traffic backups.

Mr. Williams replied the plan was to have a three hour window of
pickup from 3:00 to 6:00 p.m. which should be adequate to avoid
backup. He did not know if there was a reason that they could
not have it included as a condition. He thought they tried to but
as it was not a conditional use permit it was treated differently.
It was a site and design review where they looked at the design.
Council could put a review in that essentially gave them the
discretion to evaluate periodically and return to the Applicant to
work on staggering schedules if Staff perceived that there was a
problem. He thought it was fine without that and noted that the
PTC did not impose that restriction.

Council Member Holman said that while the school had a pick up
period of 3:00 to 6:00 p.m., when parents came was dictated by
work schedules. She said that the timeframe did allow flexibility
and opportunity.



                                                                  Page 22 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
