Council Member Burt wanted the community to understand the Council was
not looking at acquiring land simply to acquire more land, rather the City
was attempting to reduce the number of leases of more expensive space.

Mr. Emslie replied that was correct. He stated Staff would work with the
Public Information Officer to provide that message to the general public.

Mr. Keene suggested reordering the Agenda because of the limited amount
of time remaining in the session. He reported the next scheduled Item dealt
with definitions related to catch-up and keep-up, and indicated Staff did not
need a directive or conclusion from the Council on that. He suggested
moving to the sections dealing with Infrastructure finance options. He
commented there was a chance to revisit the timeline related to a bond
measure or other potential ballot measures. He thought it was important for
the public to understand the constraints the City was operating under.

Mr. Perez wanted to cover the gas tax financing, additional options, and a
timeline. He noted the Council may have heard Staff was considering the
possibility of leveraging the revenue stream from annual gas tax revenues,
which totaled approximately $1.5 million a year. He reported the idea was
to utilize that revenue stream in order to receive a lump-sum figure to
accelerate street work. He indicated the City participated in a program
arranged by the California State Association of Counties and the League of
California Cities in order to have a pool of financing with other agencies to
reduce the expense of debt issuance. He reported the Council would issue
Certificates of Participation with the backing of the annual revenues. He
stated one of the conditions of this financing restricted use of the funds to
capital work and not maintenance work. He said an example of maintenance
work was slurrying a street. He explained this financing pool would limit the
City to replacing the street. He stated that condition concerned Staff as it
was a very narrow process. He wanted to share the financing costs because
they determined Staff's recommendation.           He reported the ten-year
financing assumed a 4.5 percent rate of return, which was achieved by a city
in southern California in Riverside County. He stated the City could receive
$6.8 million through this financing mechanism and receive it in the current
year with a ten-year financing term. He explained the City would receive
$6.8 million to use today, but it would cost $10 million over the term. He
indicated it was expensive financing. He explained the City had $1.5 million
dollars from the gas tax revenue stream, and would spend $1.4 million for
debt service, leaving $500,000 for the City to use. He reported the City
would have $6.8 million and $500,000 in the first year; but in years 2
through 10, the City would have only $500,000 per year from these funds
because it was obligated to pay the debt. He thought it was an expensive
means of financing. He reported the current budget had about $3.7 million,

                                  35                    March 26, 2012
