                                MINUTES
Mayor Yeh felt the presentation reflected Staff's responsiveness to Council
comments. The Plan integrated many different perspectives. He asked
PABAC, Silicon Valley Bike Coalition, P&TC, and Parks and Recreation
Commission to designate one person dedicated to the creation of a Friends
of Palo Alto Bikes. Expediting funding of the Plan would be driven by public-
private partnerships. The City would focus on funding feasibility studies, and
the private partner would fund construction. Having a private partner willing
to raise funds for bike projects would facilitate the prioritization of funding
for bike projects.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

7.    Public Hearing: Review of Draft 2007-2014 Housing Element and
      Authorization to Submit to the State Department of Housing and
      Community Development (HCD).

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning & Community Environment reported the
draft Housing Element covered the time period 2007-2014. Staff expected
to begin preparing the next cycle Housing Element in a year or so. It was
important to move forward with the Housing Element to achieve State
Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD) certification.
State law required each city to update its Housing Element every five years.
In reality the Housing Element generally was updated every seven years. It
was the only element of a Comprehensive Plan requiring the State to review
and approve that element. The objective of the Housing Element law was to
ensure each city provided its "fair share" of housing, including affordable
housing, and had zoning laws to accommodate the fair share allocation. The
law did not require the City to produce units; that was a market factor not
under the City's control. The One Bay Area Grant Transportation program
required Housing Element certification to obtain transportation funding. A
number of housing grants also required certification.            Some legal
vulnerability was associated with not having a certified Housing Element.
The State could require a city to carry over units from one cycle to another,
if a city did not provide adequate sites and zoning to accommodate the fair
share housing. In instances of litigation, the State could impose certain
conditions until the Housing Element was certified.        These conditions
included suspension of issuance of building permits, suspension of authority
to grant approvals, and mandating approval of specific housing projects.
Staff believed the draft Housing Element met the Council's goals, worked
from existing zoning and approvals, and minimized the need to rezone sites
for housing while achieving the desired numbers.




07-09-2012                                                              111-158
