neighborhoods. He suggested that the Council has the constitutional right
and the legal obligation to seriously consider parking relief for the residents
that boarder the downtown business area.

Eric Diesel said that Mr. Louis Lessor was the victim of elder abuse financial
fraud. He said that he had Power of Attorney for Louis Lessor.

Omar Chatty stated he had a quick update on the Caltrain deaths that
occurred recently. He said that there were four deaths this year, two of which
were Palo Alto related. He said that was 20 dead since the beginning of 2011,
180 dead on Caltrain tracks since 1995.        He urged the Council to do
something about the deaths and asked the Council to have the Rail
Committee explore safer electric non-congesting Bay Area Rapid Transit
(BART). He said that BART would connect the regions together.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Staff requested Consent Item No. 10 be pulled at the contractor’s request.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to pull Agenda Item No. 10 Approval of Change Order Fifteen in the Amount of
$278,710 to Flintco Construction for the Mitchell Park Library and Community
Center Project to be heard at a later date.

Council Member Schmid asked about the process for the change order.

City Attorney, Molly Stump, said that item was not reflective of an agreement
but rather a Staff recommendation to make a unilateral change order.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve Agenda Item Nos. 6-9.

6.   Approval of Amendment Number 2 to the OPOWER Contract with the
     City of Palo Alto to add Website Portal and Related Web-based Services
     at no Cost in Addition to the Home Energy Reports.

7.   Request to Cancel City Council Meeting of April 2, 2012 and Call a
     Special Council Meeting on April 23, 2012.

8.   Approval of a Three Year Wastewater Enterprise Fund Contract with
     Casey Construction, Inc., in an Amount Not to Exceed $2,070,505 for
     Wastewater Collection System Maintenance Services.


                                   3                    March 12, 2012
