economic impact of repurposing this property, it made more sense to use
the property for something else and consider outsourcing Animal Services or
building a new facility at another location. She said this had not been a
priority because there was not a regional opportunity and facilities like
SVACA did not exist. She believed Council had to determine if it made sense
to build a new facility or invest in the existing facility, when another
organization had a new facility that could accommodate Palo Alto's needs.
She did not think Staff would recommend making a significant investment in
this particular facility while foregoing the opportunity to repurpose the site.

Vice Mayor Scharff recalled the original cost for construction of a new facility
was $7 million. He asked if that amount would be roughly the same or
smaller now.

Ms. Antil answered maybe not, because that cost was for a facility that
included Mountain View and Sunnyvale. Staff would review that issue, and
she thought plans would be different.

Council Member Klein asked who SVACA was; if they were a government
agency or a non-profit.

Ms. Stadler explained it was a Joint Powers Authority (JPA), and they were
represented by members from Santa Clara, Monte Sereno and Campbell.
She stated most of the members were from the police departments, who
determined the rules. She indicated a manager and a director ran the
shelter.

Mr. Keene stated it was a Joint Powers Authority with the City of Santa
Clara.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City of Santa Clara ran it.

Ms. Stadler indicated the City of Santa Clara had the majority of the
membership of the JPA.

Council Member Klein wanted to understand the different levels of service
and associated costs. He asked what the difference was between the
amount charged to Palo Alto and the amount charged to Mountain View.

Ms. Stadler explained cities were charged according to the percentage of
animals handled. She reported 60 percent of the calls for service, both
animal control and through the office, came from Palo Alto; therefore, 60
percent of costs were charged to Palo Alto. She stated the number of
                                    9                     March 26, 2012
