                                MINUTES
AMENDMENT REVISED BY MAKER AND SECONDER: 1) revise F3 in the
Ordinance (Number 4 of the Motion) to the inclusion of the 5,447 square
feet of ground floor retail, and inclusion of 1,640 square feet of which would
be rented at not to exceed 25 percent of the market rate for the life of the
project, and 2) delete F4 in Ordinance –Inclusion of 1,640 square feet of
subsidized non-profit office space to be leased to a Palo Alto based non-
profit at rent not to exceed 25 percent of market rates for a 10 year term.

Council Member Klein stated the public did not walk in the Downtown area to
view offices. The Council should not be putting its efforts into supporting
one non-profit agency.

Council Member Burt did not support the Amendment; although, it was not
the most crucial part of the project. He recalled the prior project to redesign
the Downtown retail area in which the Lytton Avenue area was recognized as
not being a good retail area. That was the reason the Council moved toward
a mixture of retail and non-profit office space in this project at the prior
meeting.    The passages that Council Member Schmid read from the
Comprehensive Plan did not refer to the University Avenue area but to
University Avenue. The original Motion was the better proposal as there was
a need in the Downtown area for non-profit office space.

Council Member Holman supported the Amendment, because an income-
producing use was previously located on the site and because retail uses
would be successful at a gateway.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the purpose was to find space for the
Chamber of Commerce without stating that.

Mr. Williams reported Staff's intent was not to place a particular non-profit
agency in this space. The intent was to provide an opportunity for a retail
use that could not otherwise be successful in that location.

Mr. Keene indicated the Amendment would clearly exclude a non-profit
organization and the Chamber of Commerce. Rents had a large impact on
retail and restaurant uses.        There were opportunities to incentivize
interesting uses at that location with the subsidy.

Council Member Shepherd asked for the total square footage of the first
floor.

Mr. Williams responded 5,447 square feet.


                                                                         Page 26 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
