City Manager Comments

City Manager, James Keene, reported: 1) that on February 1, 2012 the
recycling center would permanently close, 2) Assembly Members Jerry Hill,
Rich Gordon and Paul Fong were hosting an informational meeting on gas
pipeline safety on Thursday, January 26, 2012, from 6:00-8:00 p.m. at City
Hall, 3) the Zilowatt Project, a collaborative project between Palo Alto
Utilities and Palo Alto Unified School District, was a non-profit organization
started by parents to create a better energy curriculum for schools, and 4)
parking banners were being placed in the downtown area to direct the public
to public parking facilities.


Minutes Approval

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the minutes of November 1, 2011.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Oral Communications

Eric Diesel noted his employment background and development of property.
He described Louis Lesser's business background prior to moving into an
assisted living facility. He stated Mr. Lesser had been the victim of massive
elder abuse financial crimes. He reported the alleged perpetrators' history of
fraud and convictions. He stated he had been attacked physically by the
alleged perpetrators, who also stole his assets. He attempted to report the
crimes to the Palo Alto Police Department; however, the Palo Alto Police
Department would not take a report or investigate the criminals.

Omar Chatty stated someone was killed the prior day in Sunnyvale on
Caltrain. He indicated he would attend the Sunnyvale City Council meeting
in two weeks to raise the issue of replacing the train with Bay Area Rapid
Transit (BART). He asked the City Council to begin discussions about
replacing Caltrain with BART to save lives. He stated a blended solution was
not better. He was hoping for Congressional bills to redirect funds from High
Speed Rail to BART. He felt BART was a solution to connecting the Bay
Area. He wanted grade-separated BART brought up the Peninsula. He
stated his purpose was to raise awareness of the situation as communities
become more urbanized and dense.

Stephany Munoz mentioned the volunteer recycling efforts of 16 to 18 years
ago, which reduced the profits of garbage companies. She stated that

                                   3                   January 23, 2012
 
