Mr. Bartel said that was true.

Vice Mayor Scharff said for example if the $3.8 million was not paid towards
the un-funded liability it could be paid towards infrastructure.

Mr. Bartel said yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff said there were a number of un-funded liabilities
throughout the City that drew a limited amount of money. The goal to pay
off a funded amount was because of a future lack of income, a City did not
retire, posing the argument of paying interest only. He understood not
adding amounts for the future employees to pay although it was the past
employees portion that the present employees were being dealt with.

Mr. Bartel said that was an appropriate policy question. To the extent if it
were possible to return to when Palo Alto initiated the Retiree Medical
Benefit and set aside the cost of service each year, that would be
generationally equitable. Unfortunately, going back was not an option;
therefore, as an Actuary the recommendation was to set aside more than
the cost of service for two reasons 1) there was a large number of retirees
and the City was obligated to make those payments and 2) there was a
large un-funded liability so setting money aside provided the advantage of
future benefits being paid by interest rather than cash.

Vice Mayor Scharff said the $14 million reduction came about because of the
90/10 cost sharing change in the medical plan.

Mr. Bartel said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff said if the plan change went to 80/20 there would be an
additional $14 million reduction.

Mr. Bartel said he could not say the answer was yes. Hypothetically speaking
he said the answer was yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff said the City Council received different requests for cash,
he asked why the Retiree Medical Benefits trumped the other requests. The
increase from $9 million to $14 million was not easily absorbed and the
additional funds could be spent elsewhere.

Mr. Bartel stated he was not qualified to respond on why one item was of a
higher importance than another.

Mr. Perez said an area of concern discussed in the Municipal Finance Groups
was the eventual review by the Credit Rating Agencies in terms of the
outstanding liability. Yes, it was possible to not fund the liability fully and

                                      11                          01/30/2012
