                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh explained Light the Night was sponsored by the Leukemia-
Lymphoma Society. It was a community event and the public was invited to
participate.

Council Member Burt clarified that Quakeville would not be a tent camp-out
this year.

Ms. Antil indicated more information about Quakeville was available on the
City's website. She reported a banner was located in the hallway honoring
years of service for City employees.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

10. Colleagues Memo from Mayor Yeh and Vice Mayor Scharff Regarding
Council Contingency Funds in the Amount of $25,000 for Neighborhood
Grants.

MOTION:     Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
continue Agenda Item No. 10, “Colleagues Memo from Mayor Yeh and Vice
Mayor Scharff Regarding Council Contingency Funds in the Amount of
$25,000 for Neighborhood Grants” to become the first Action Item on
September 24, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

STUDY SESSION

5.   Preliminary Review of Proposed Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC)
     Affordable Senior Housing Development at 567-595 Maybell Avenue.

The Advance Planning Manager gave a brief overview of the potential use of
the 567-595 Maybell Avenue property as an affordable housing site with 60
units of senior affordable rental housing targeted to very low income
households and 15 market rate for-sale single family homes. He described
how Staff was seeking feedback from the Council about the proposed
development. He introduced Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC) Executive
Director Candice Gonzales and she gave a brief summary of PAHC’s history
and the community need for this type of housing. Lauri Moffet-Fehlberg, the
project architect, presented the initial design concepts for the project
including its circulation and design components. Jessica De Wit, Sr. Project
Manager described the anticipated financing for the proposed project, noting
that PAHC has submitted a $6.5 million loan request with the City. The
Council Members discussed the conceptual plans. Several Council Members

                                                                       Page 4 of 20
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/18/12
