                               MINUTES
available there, and needed to ensure it was available for all Palo Alto
residents to use without undue negative influence on the surrounding areas.

Yezdi Dordi supported Option A. He and his family lived behind the Library
and used it and the Art Center extensively. Option A blended form and
function, maximized use of the property, considered aesthetics, and
balanced the interests of the public and gardeners. Option A would provide
a smoother traffic flow and improve some garden plots by moving them into
a sunny area. It was a win-win for all.

Jeff Levinsky stated the proposed road in Option A was squeezed into a
small area and would have no paved sidewalks. Bicyclists and people in
wheelchairs and with strollers would be forced onto the narrow roadway with
traffic. Community events were often held after night fall. Visitors were
unfamiliar with the parking lots. The proposed road had a curve that
impaired visibility. The road behind the Main Library offered no safety
advantages to bikes and pedestrians. A large number of bicyclists used
Newell Road around 3:00 P.M. on weekdays when school dismissed, and
Option A did not help those children. Options A and B violated promises that
Library improvements would not impact the Garden. The Commissions that
reviewed these plans were told the gardeners would receive additional land.
As plans were refined, the additional land evaporated. The new plans
contained errors, ignored hundreds of square feet of planted area outside
the fences that would be lost, and proposed unusable plots in deep shade.
In actuality the gardeners would lose land. He applauded the Staff for
offering Option C, which provided a safe path for pedestrians and bikes
without harming the Garden. Options C and D did not create a dangerous
roadway and kept promises to the gardeners.

Council Member Price asked Staff to respond to concerns regarding the
safety of the proposed road in Option A, particularly lighting.

Ms. Merkes reported light bollards on timers were included in the proposed
design. They could be used when the buildings were used and would meet
parking lot standards for pedestrian access in the evening.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) direct Staff to design and
construct a bicycle/pedestrian connecting path which is adjacent to (but not
impacting) the community garden plots with no paving (Option C).

MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND


                                                                      Page 10 of 28
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/21/12
