                               MINUTES

Lenore Cymes stated traffic in Palo Alto was impossible. Palo Alto was
neither small town nor urban. There would be less visual space if the project
were implemented.

Jim Rebosio, Sheraton Hotel General Manager, supported the project,
because it was an opportunity for TheatreWorks, the park, and connectivity.

Dena Mossar felt public information had been limited and inconsistent. She
questioned the lack of housing. The Staff Report did not provide data to
support statements. Drafting language for a ballot measure and establishing
an A&I District was premature.

Jeff Brown felt the developer would not support the project without four
office towers. The City should not negotiate with a developer who wanted to
build office towers. He suggested the City install bike paths and directional
signs and plant wildflowers and trees.

Paul Goldstein supported increased density in the area around the train
station, but did not support the basic premise of the development. The
project was a commercial, high-rise office park with public benefits. The
statement that the design of the Master Plan would be compatible with the
Rail Corridor Study was misleading.     He urged the Council to craft a
community-based Master Plan.

Deborah Wexler felt the Palo Alto process had been hijacked by a special
interest. She questioned expenditures for studies when the project had not
been officially submitted. The theatre was merely a bribe and not needed in
the community.

Rob Lancefield believed the project should be deferred until the hospital was
completed in order to determine traffic impacts. He questioned whether the
income stream to Stanford had been factored into Stanford's contribution to
the City. The City needed housing more than a theatre district. He
suggested Mr. Arrillaga construct poles on the site to assist visualization of
the proposed buildings.

Art Sklaroff stated the proposed project did not benefit Palo Alto as much as
Mr. Arrillaga and Stanford University. The Master Plan should meet the
City's vision rather than Mr. Arrillaga's vision. He requested the Council
consider traffic impacts and adhere to current height limits.

Dick Rosenbaum indicated the driving force for the project was the revenue
stream for Stanford University. TheatreWorks was being used to make the
                                                                        Page 21 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/3/12
