                                 MINUTES
Robert Moss discussed how the Library Advisory Commission provided a
great service to the community; it provided an interchange between Staff,
Council, and the community.

Herb Borock said developers received the benefit of double bonuses so they
did not have to come before Council and get transfer of developer rights.
The trailer park was in a certain zone, which determined the worth of the
property. The proper response to someone wanting to up-zone was for
them to get a referendum.

Blanca Fonseca asked Council to help save her home at the Buena Vista
Mobile Home Park.


CONSENT CALENDAR

Herb Borock said      he opposed the development in Cogswell Plaza, Agenda
Item 4, because      the property provided a respite. He suggested Council
carefully consider   how much they wanted to develop this plaza and said the
proposal should      have been brought before the Parks and Recreation
Commission.

Mayor Yeh noted that Staff requested Agenda Item Number 14 be continued
to January 14, 2013 Council Meeting.

Council Member Holman wanted to follow up with Mr. Borock’s comments,
along with Staff’s discussion’s on the need for Cogswell Plaza to go before
the Parks and Recreation Commission.

Gregory Betts, Director of Community Services said the concept of using
crowd sourcing for the parks was vetted. There was not a vote with the
Parks and Recreation Commission but it was discussed with them, as well as
with the Friends of the Parks program and the Downtown Business
Association.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to continue Agenda Item Number 14, Authorization for the City
Manager to Enter Into a One-Year Contract with Professional Evaluation
Group/The Ochoa & Moore Law Firm, P.C. (PEG/OM) in a Total Amount Not
to Exceed $125,000 for Rail Legislative Advocacy Services to January 14,
2013.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

                                                                        Page 3 of 19
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 12/17/12
