                                MINUTES
Mr. Keene clarified that what needed to be achieved was ongoing structural
savings. If they received donations that offset an expenditure cost in a
particular year that would only delay a possible decision unless it was a
sustainable donation.

Council Member Burt said the Animal Services Staff had specialized skill
sets. He asked if there was a bumping process where the Staff was eligible
for other positions.

Ms. Antil said some of the positions may be eligible to apply for additional
positions. She needed clarification from Mr. Beacom if Staff could bump
someone.

Council Member Burt said that the reality was that just as the City went
through significant Staff reductions over the last several years it initially
looked like the City might have layoffs, but in the end they had attrition that
worked out. He said that was not so likely in a small department, but he
wanted to put it in that context.

Bob Beacom, Assistant Police Chief, said there were bumping rights for one
of the positions.    There were currently three positions.       One was
management, another was Service Employees’ International Union (SEIU)
with no bumping, and the third one was eligible. There was a placeholder in
the Police Department where they thought one of the Animal Control Officers
could go if needed.

Council Member Burt asked if the people were still eligible to pursue other
openings within the organization.

Mr. Beacom said they were and that he had been working closely with
Marcie Scott to identify any other positions within the City. They discussed
the process knowing that these were valuable employees and would do all
they could to find positions for them.

Council Member Schmid asked for confirmation of the total number of people
working in Animal Services.

Ms. Antil said she believed there were 13 full time equivalent employees.
Not all of the people were full time.

Council Member Schmid said the 2.5 positions they were cutting represented
approximately 25 percent. The revenues fell 30 percent with Mountain View
leaving and the Staff cuts were equivalent to 20 percent. He said what
struck him was that they cut half of the Animal Control Officers. He asked if
                                                                         Page 78 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
