                                MINUTES
Council Member Klein expressed concern about the language beginning on
the bottom of page 5 regarding Utilities. The additional services offered by
the City needed to be adjusted or explained to show that the liability per
resident was a different number for Palo Alto than for other agencies. He
wanted to make a distinction between the City being a good steward and
offering extra services. The Council had not focused enough attention on
medical insurance offered to employees and their families. He did not recall
having information regarding the City's annual cost for providing that
benefit, and was interested in having that discussion at the September 18,
2012 Council meeting.

Council Member Price agreed with Council Member Klein regarding
clarifications. The initial focus of the letter was to respond to the details of
the report while providing clarifications and details to convey why Palo Alto
was different from or similar to other cities. It was difficult to provide that
much information in one letter. She asked if the Staff Report would be
embedded in the response letter.

Mr. Perez answered yes, along with additions stated in the Motion.

Council Member Price noted the City's use of long range forecasts and other
information were not mentioned in the Staff Report. She inquired whether it
be appropriate in the letter to touch on those weaknesses mentioned by
Council Member Klein.

Mr. Perez reported Staff did not have all the analysis when they prepared
the Report. In the responses, Staff stated that they needed some legislative
help because of restrictions. Staff would revisit that now that they had the
information, and determine where revisions could be made in the specific
responses. He did not believe the Grand Jury spoke to the appropriate level
of personnel at CalPERS and, thus, did not understand the whole process.
As Staff reviewed the legislative analysis, they would have more clarity on
some of the Grand Jury recommendations.

Council Member Price asked if the current responses were comparable in
level of detail and complexity to prior responses.

Mr. Perez indicated the current responses provided more data through charts
and tables, but were consistent with prior responses.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff would provide context in the
letter for the Colleagues Memo.

Mr. Perez agreed to do that.

                                                                          Page 27 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/4/12
