                               MINUTES
provide an analysis.

Council Member Burt felt the Amendment clarified Staff's stated intention.
He inquired if the Amendment would encumber the JPA's moving forward
with the Project.

Mr. Materman did not believe so. He was comfortable with the Amendment
if it kept options open. Presenting an analysis to the Council would not
affect the JPA's ability to implement the Project.

Council Member Burt stated the Amendment did not prescribe the source,
cost, or benefit of the fill material.

Mr. Keene inquired whether the Amendment precluded Staff from potentially
accepting some fill that did not impact Golf Course play.

Vice Mayor Scharff responded no.

Council Member Espinosa indicated the Amendment added Staff's intention
and was not a burden for Staff.

Vice Mayor Scharff wanted to ensure the Council could respond quickly if the
JPA located a different source for fill.

Mr. Materman stated there was not a two-week period for the Council to
approve a new source for fill.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-2 Price, Shepherd no, Klein and Yeh not
participating

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Klein, Yeh not participating

Mayor Yeh and Council Member Klein returned to the meeting at 9:06 P.M.

6.   Update of Parking Program and Review and Direction on Parking Policy
     Strategies (continued from November 5, 2012).

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment reported
Staff wished to discuss an extensive program to address Downtown parking
issues.   The parking situation affected neighbors and employers.       Mr.
Rodriguez and his staff had documented current parking conditions,
determined solutions, and enhanced features to create additional parking
spaces and to enhance efficient use of existing parking spaces. Staff
believed it was important to consider a comprehensive and holistic approach
                                                                      Page 17 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/13/12
