                                MINUTES
that was really the intention of what Council would be directing that evening
based on Staff recommendations.

Mr. Williams thought that was a better way to word it because Staff might
return with a completely different direction.

Council Member Burt said Vice Mayor Scharff mentioned that initially Staff
had a different concept of where one side of the street was permitted and
the other was not and then there was an agreement between the
neighborhood representative subgroup and the downtown business interest
to go to the formula proposed. He was interested in what would happen if
the City’s trial included both forms. He thought there were enough blocks to
try separate formulas and asked if there was any reason why they could not
do a hybrid trial.

Mr. Williams said there was nothing prohibiting a hybrid trial but it might not
be advisable because the pilot was a pretty small area and they would only
get one or two streets one way and one or two the other which could be
confusing for people. What he thought would work better was for the pilot
area to take one approach and a second small area take another approach
so that they were physically distinctive from each other.

Council Member Burt said he saw the downside to having two options tried
at once and that those were tradeoffs that needed to be considered. He said
there were a number of comments about the representation of the group.
He knew the neighborhood well, and when they had the initial South of
Forrest Avenue project they had very extensive public participation and it
was very open. There were committees and subcommittees and meetings
that were neighborhood based meetings, some of which were City sponsored
and others were neighborhood sponsored in a very open, inclusive process.
He said that for a variety of reasons that did not happen in this scenario. He
asked what the thought process was for having the representation solely by
those who were in the trial area and advocating a RPP rather than a mixture
of options. It seemed from the survey that most people in the trial area
favored the trial. He noted that the people outside the trial area who would
potentially be in the spillover group were not surveyed. Those people
maybe had a moderate parking problem which could become an acute
problem as a result of the trial.    He explained that those people may not
favor a permit program at all because the status quo was better for them
than the cure.

Mr. Williams said Staff had started with a much larger study area and
focused it down. He did not know that he realized as they focused it down
that everyone in the group still was within the focused area, but it did go
                                                                         Page 23 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/16/12
