                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman noted the proposed theatre was located on
parkland. In her experience, buildings located in parks were ancillary to
recreation. She asked why the proposal did not require the undedication of
parkland for the theatre.

Mr. Emslie explained the theatre met the criteria of being a public building,
being owned by the public, and being accessible for entertainment and
recreational purposes although not directly related to the function of the
park. Staff believed attending the theatre was recreational and, thus,
consistent with the intent of the Park Improvement Ordinance.

Mr. Keene indicated many kinds of buildings were located in parks, and that
would be part of the Council's review.

Council Member Holman felt the Julia Morgan Building had not received due
consideration. She inquired about the financial implications of locating the
Julia Morgan Building in the park. It was important for the City to take the
lead in determining goals.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked at what point in the process would TheatreWorks
begin fundraising.

Mr. Santora explained the ongoing nature of fundraising. He could rally
community support and build relationships, but could not request a gift until
the project was approved. Not having a letter of intent would delay the
early fundraising process.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked whether the letter of intent was important to
beginning the fundraising process.

Mr. Santora answered yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if Staff and the Council were in the process of
preparing the Master Plan.

Mr. Keene responded yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired about a timeline for the Master Plan process.

Mr. Keene stated Staff could return in a few months if the Council provided
additional directives. As the process proceeded, Staff would hold discussions
with the Council, community, and project proponent to ensure the project
met the vision.        The effort was to attempt both planning and
implementation.
                                                                       Page 19 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
