                         DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Burt agreed with Vice Mayor Scharff's concerns about
including a salary increase without concessions, but he suggested the LRFF
should contain the best estimate of both.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to put in the LRFF the conservative
projected concessions along with the conservative 2 percent salary increase.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked whether including both would affect negotiations.

Mr. Keene stated Staff was attempting to estimate future costs from a
baseline, and had to make assumptions.

Council Member Burt suggested the percentage should be a conservative
projection for both salary increases and concessions.

Mr. Keene stated the Council was moving beyond the traditional method for
using the LRFF. The Council should use it in a dynamic fashion during the
course of the year. A dynamic approach would foster the idea of variability.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the concept of bands made the LRFF more dynamic.

Council Member Burt felt the 1.5 percent rate was reasonable if the Council
assumed CalPERS would earn 7.5 percent. The annual increase should be
based upon the estimated rate of return as well as any anticipated change in
the rate of return.

Mr. Perez stated 1.5 percent was a suggestion, and 3 percent was
acceptable. If the decrease from 7.75 percent to 7.5 percent represented
1.5 percent and CalPERS accepted the actuary's recommendation of 7.25
percent, then that would be the 3 percent.

Council Member Burt indicated Staff had factored in an expectation of a
lower return.

Mr. Perez was comfortable with 1.5 percent, but would accept 3 percent.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to retain in the LRFF with the current 3 percent
and incorporate bands to reflect the different CalPERS scenarios into the
LRFF.



                                                                       Page 19 of 28
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
