                                MINUTES
approximately the past six months with the aim of looking at trial parking
programs and how the City monitored the effects of the other parking
strategies on the neighborhood. He said they also tried to evaluate why
people parked on the street as opposed to in garages and parking lots.
From there they outlined potential opportunities for residential permit
parking programs. Some of the concerns they heard were how parking
impacted the quality of life in residential neighborhoods and the parking
availability for residents. He stressed the need to balance those concerns
with the needs of employee parking in the downtown area because the
streets were also public resources. He recognized that they worked with a
group they invited to meet with them and not the broader neighborhood of
Professorville or the entire downtown residential community. He said that
they were looking at a fairly small area, but it was Staff’s feeling that it was
extremely important to put together something that could be looked at to
ascertain the balance of how much residential protection was necessary
versus how much employee parking could be allowed without creating an
extreme impact one way or the other. They thought a localized program
allowed them to beta test the approach. Staff recognized there would be a
broader effort following the three to six month trial period.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer, said it was important to look
at the effort Staff made over the last year with the parking issues. He
showed a slide of available parking spaces within the downtown corridor.
Staff used that data to educate itself about the supply and to try to find
ways to maximize on-street spaces. As an example, through analysis, Staff
added 32 on-street spaces, reduced red zones, and converted inefficient
parking allocations.     Staff also measured the occupancy of on-street
throughout the greater downtown area from Palo Alto Avenue down to
Embarcadero to Alma to Middlefield because they needed it for the permit
parking process. on-street Staff used data in conjunction with research from
the residents to determine the correct corridor to look at a potential
residential permit parking (RPP) study project. The downtown core of
Lytton, University, and Hamilton had about 1,100 parking spaces on-street.
He said that Staff took the data and guided the discussions held by the
working group. They recommended a framework of four specific items to
the working group as they developed the RPP program. One was to provide
a buffer of at least one block between commercial uses and residential use
to allow for transition and change in use. When they considered RPP streets
they focused on the streets that were local and not arterial. For example,
Alma or Middlefield were not appropriate streets for a RPP. At the same
time, residential arterials such as Homer and Channing also moved traffic in
and out of the downtown so those were streets that were not appropriate for
consideration of RPP. Staff suggested that RPP’s should focus on-streets
that were more single family home based versus multifamily unit based.
                                                                           Page 7 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
