Council Member Klein asked if the community was more at risk than he was
three miles away.

Mr. Mahar stated, assuming zero risk at Council Member Klein's household,
the incremental risk posed by CPI to the community was negligible. Risk
Management Professionals had been asked to consider cyanide and nitric
acid only, so he was speaking for those chemicals and not hazardous waste
issues mentioned earlier.

Council Member Espinosa asked why Staff needed a technical consultant for
subsequent City actions and what work was anticipated.

Mr. Williams reported the amortization study was focused on gaining
compliance with Title XIX. Staff had not considered the technical differences
between the two studies.       Now Staff needed to define the remaining
constituents and the level of risk associated with them, and determine
appropriate restrictions for the use of hazardous materials adjacent to
residential neighborhoods. Staff wanted a third-party, independent review
of the two studies that had drastically different results.

Council Member Espinosa noted Staff's second option would have an impact
on other businesses, and inquired if Staff knew which businesses, the
number of businesses, and the breadth of the impact.

Mr. Williams indicated there were businesses located at Barron Park and
across the street from College Terrace, but Staff did not have a sense of the
quantities used and the level of risk. That was another reason to have a
third-party review.

Council Member Espinosa asked if the City monitored use of hazardous
materials, and their location and proximity to neighborhoods.

Mr. Simpkinson reported the Fire Department considered the types of
facilities that were in proximity to residential areas when the Zoning
Ordinance was amended the first time. With respect to plating shops, there
were only four within the city limits of Palo Alto, and three of those were
located far away from any residential neighborhoods. In terms of other
facilities near residential areas, those facilities typically had less hazardous
materials onsite. The Fire Department reviewed the nature of the uses, and
determined the risk of an accident was not as great as the risk from a major
structure fire. Plastics, foams and materials within office furniture and
partitions would produce far more offsite consequences than a facility with
small amounts of hazardous materials. The Fire Department was concerned
about areas primarily along Hansen and Hanover. Most of those industrial
areas had buffer zones before reaching storage facilities.


                                      21                           04/23/2012
