asked why the Report did not reflect a performing arts center and more
playing fields.

Mr. Stillerman stated the Commission did talk generally about some ideas
that surfaced at earlier working sessions with the Council. He indicated a
performing arts center, transportation hub and similar concepts were termed
"blue sky ideas." He said the Commission did not want to place specific
projects on the table; although any projects are viable as future projects.
The Commission felt there was a plethora of performing arts venues nearby;
and it wasn't the Commission's role to determine if another one was needed.

Council Member Klein asked about the need for playing fields.

Mr. Stillerman thought the playing fields were strictly a demographic
concept. He felt if the City needed them, they should be considered.

Council Member Burt noted the City had a comprehensive community-based
analysis on playing field shortages eight to ten years ago. He understood
the Recreation Department had better utilized space and given Palo Alto
residents priority in using the space. He stated there was a moderately well-
defined deficit of playing fields. He thought the Council needed to consider
accommodating growth in a variety of ways.

Council Member Holman supported the formation of an oversight commission
for a variety of reasons. She noted that underground utilities was not
mentioned in the Report, and asked if that was inadvertently or deliberately
not included. She felt the Council needed to discuss how it can best utilize
resources in terms of multiple functions, whether it's buildings or playing
fields.

Mr. Melton explained undergrounding of utilities was not in the Report
because the Commission did not include utilities in the Report.

Mr. L. Levy commented that the Commission did not feel it could arbitrarily
recommend closing one facility and replacing it with soccer fields. He
thought a survey would be in order to bring the recreational infrastructure
up to date.

Council Member Shepherd suggested Staff contact the School District to
obtain its report on projected population growth. She noted the Finance
Committee was working on fiber to the premises, and AT&T no longer
provided grants for undergrounding utilities. She asked Staff to provide
more detail on undergrounding.

Mr. Perez stated the prior Finance Committee had discussed having the
Utilities Department provide an undergrounding plan, and Staff planned to

                                     24                          01/17/2012
