Mr. Bartel said according to the study performed, Palo Alto had no active
employees under the PERSCare medical plan. There were 11 percent of the
retirees in PERSCare that were not yet Medicare eligible.

Council Member Schmid said there was a contract that said the City would
pay the second most expensive medical plan; therefore if retirees moved
into PERSCare the City would not pay.

Mr. Perez confirmed that contract was effective January 2007 and forward so
any employee who retired prior to that date was eligible to shift into
PERSCare at the City’s expense.

Mayor Yeh asked what GASB would do beyond requiring cities to disclose
what their liabilities were as cities began to see the liability grow. He asked
what the timeframe would be for that information and how serious that
development might be. From a legal perspective what type of authority did
GASB have to draft that type of requirement.

Mr. Bartel said if Mayor Yeh was referring to the Pension Disclosure Exposure
Draft it required the city to place on their financial statement the pension
un-funded liability. He had been told by GASB staff they would be following-
up on the requirements and the Draft would be final by June 30, 2012. He
said it would be effective for Palo Alto on their Fiscal Years 2012 and 2013
budget so when the June 30, 2013 financial statement was completed he
believed the un-funded liability would appear on the pension side. GASB was
following-up the Draft project with an Other Post Employee Benefit (OPEB)
standard.

Mayor Yeh asked when the firm looked at the majority of cities’ financial
situations what were the implications the liability might cause besides the
rating agencies downgrading cities. Would GASB acknowledge and accept
cities filing for bankruptcy or would they request them to issue OPEB or
Pension Obligation Bonds to meet their liability.

Mr. Bartel said all of the rating agencies were aware of cities un-funded
liabilities because they read the financial statements. He did not believe
there would be a dramatic effect unless there was an agency not adequately
setting money aside.

Mayor Yeh said he was aware the rating agencies had gone under scrutiny to
make their criteria more transparent on how they reached the rating for the
different entities. He asked if there was knowledge as to what municipalities
could anticipate once their transparency was affected.

Mr. Perez acknowledged there had been concern amongst the financial
groups and they had met with the rating agencies themselves without

                                      14                          01/30/2012
