January 2009 to $134 million three years later. The effect had been to raise
the annual funding requirement Citywide towards the retiree healthcare
liability from $9.8 million a year to $12.5 million. The City, like other
jurisdictions and the nation, was confronting a dramatic compensation
structure imbalance as well as a looming infrastructure bill. The City had
made significant strides with its employees over the past three years to
recalibrate its compensation structure. The City was in the latter stage of
negotiations with the Police Officers' Association and the Police Management
groups. With the exception of these two groups, the following important
labor concessions had occurred: cost of living freezes since FY 2010 (over
three years) for Management, Professional, and Service Employees
International Union (SEIU) employees; Fire personnel wage freeze from FY
2011 through FY 2014; implementation of a 90/10 medical cost sharing plan
for Management, SEIU, and Fire; eliminating the variable management
compensation plan for the Management and Professional group; eliminating
tuition reimbursement for SEIU and Fire personnel; increasing the employee
pay contribution to pension plans for SEIU and Fire; and instituting new two-
tier retirement systems for new employees in Management, Professional,
SEIU, and Fire personnel.       In terms of actual General Fund expense
reductions, the City had realized nearly $3.6 million annually in concession
savings from SEIU, Management, and Fire employees.                 Moreover, in
changing pension plans, pursuing employee payment of employee share of
pension costs, and requiring contributions to medical costs, the City would
reduce future employee costs as employees retired or left the City. As a
result of these benefit changes, the trend line for rising benefit costs causing
structural dislocations had been driven downward. Benefits continued to rise
and, since pension benefit changes only applied to new employees, it would
take a long time for the City to recover from this predicament. The Council
had been committed to approaching the City's wage and benefit issues with
the principle of fairness and consistency to all employees. The Council had
pursued a guiding principle that all bargaining groups should share equally in
terms of the percent of total compensation in contributing to a solution to
the City's immediate and long-term fiscal demands. Similar concessions to
those mentioned had been proposed to Police personnel, and the City hoped
these negotiations could be concluded to help reduce anticipated deficits.
The Council estimated that those negotiations could result in an additional
$1.5 million in savings to the General Fund.             The Proposed Budget
anticipated Police savings beginning at the start of the fiscal year on July 1,
2012. In addition, negotiations with SEIU had begun, and those with the
Managers and Professional group would soon follow. Based on the financial
forecast, the City would need additional compensation savings from these
groups as well as Public Safety units when their contracts expired. No cost
savings from Management and SEIU groups were included in the Proposed
FY 2013 Budget, because that process was not concluded. It was important
to note that in addition to those compensation adjustments, Staff had
reviewed operations and realized cost savings and efficiencies in recent

                                       3                            4/30/2011
