                               MINUTES
Organizing the community to achieve necessary reductions in the carbon
footprint was essential. The City needed to proceed with the Cool Cities
Challenge.

Council Member Schmid assumed Palo Alto was the only candidate city that
had its own municipal utility. This was a process to engage 50 percent of
households in three years. The Cool Cities Challenge could incorporate the
existing City Utility programs to encourage effective results. The City had
some obligation to the 50 percent of the community who chose not to
participate in the program.      He asked Staff to discuss methods for
incorporating current City programs into the Cool Cities Challenge and for
disseminating information to those members of the community who did not
wish to join a block program.

Mr. Bobel reported the neighborhood-based groups would be a platform for
existing and future City programs. The City had partners who provided
information about existing Palo Alto programs to small groups. As far as
informing the 50 percent who did not participate in neighborhood-based
groups, the City needed some companion programs. Staff still had to
address that issue.

Ms. Slater stated Palo Alto would decide the percentage of its population to
engage. The goal was to make behavioral changes to the social norm.

Council Member Price felt the program was a good concept and a Letter of
Intent had a low risk factor. This type of program identified and articulated
many of the beliefs and values the Council espoused. The goal was to make
changes during the three-year window and maintain and sustain those
changes.

Mayor Yeh suggested the Council discuss the structure and staffing of the
program.     Discussions with community partners would be helpful to
understand how they would choose to engage in this type of initiative. After
signing the Letter of Intent, the Council should review community goals for
carbon reduction that would be incorporated into the application. A menu of
ways for community members to engage in the program was the foundation
of community connection.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would discuss staffing by the end of the first
quarter of 2013. At any point the Council could review its timelines and
goals for the Climate Protection Plan because the City had achieved some
success in the first phase. The Climate Protection Plan alone would not allow
the City to reach all its goals.


10/22/2012                                                    111-477
