                               MINUTES
Beth Bunnenberg said she was speaking as an individual. She said that
there was a time when the Stanford Shopping Center had opened and the
big stores moved out there and only the banks and a few stalwarts remained
downtown. She said that there were boarded up store fronts and empty lots
that stayed that way for some time. After David Packard restored the
Stanford Theatre people went downtown to the movies and parked close to
the theatre because deserted streets were creepy. Little by little Palo Alto
put together a mix of old and new structures and created a unique
downtown. The City’s transfer of development rights was probably the
strongest support for the historic restorations that had occurred. The
architects came in and said that transfer of development rights made it
financially possible to redo the buildings and that was how Palo Alto got its
historical buildings renovated. She said that it was a balancing act and
asked that they understand that in terms of the historic downtown buildings
transfer of development rights was very important and Professorville was a
very important district.

Rob Steinberg said he was an Urban Designer and Architect who lived on
Bryant Street. He concurred with everyone that there was a parking
problem in Professorville that needed to be addressed and appreciated the
City’s willingness to take the issue on. He was concerned that the displaced
parked cars from the RPP program would gravitate to adjacent blocks and
neighborhoods that were not part of the RPP program. He asked what
assurances the City could offer the neighbors that were not part of the RPP
program that their streets would not be the recipient of the displaced cars.
He hoped there was consensus among the Council that simply moving the
problem was not a satisfactory solution.

Dena Mossar said she had heard that Palo Alto used to be a peaceful place to
live but had changed and parking permits would not stop inevitable change.
She also heard that some people wanted to park in front of their homes, but
permits would not provide that certainty. She heard that Palo Alto High
School students were a problem, but parking permits were not a substitute
for a conversation with the School District about their parking policies. She
heard that the biggest parking problem that neighbors faced was that
nonresidents carelessly blocked driveways. She suggested signage and
enforcement to solve that problem. She heard that the proposed trial area
was not large enough, but there were no stated criteria that helped her
decide where the boundaries should be. She heard that it was technology
employees or Sirius employees or developers, the City’s own policies, or
even the neighbors themselves who had caused the problem. She said that
issuing parking permits did not get to the root causes. She heard that
residents should have free parking permits, Staff said that the cost of
permits in a permanent system would be based on cost recovery, but there
                                                                       Page 14 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
