                               MINUTES
required lot width. Staff believed the project was consistent with the
required findings, because it would correct a non-conforming maximum lot
size and would be consistent with the existing pattern in the neighborhood.
The lot depth would remain 113 feet, consistent with the six adjacent
properties. The allowable floor area ratio that could be built on these lots
would be more compatible with the existing neighborhood than would be
allowed on the larger 12,666 square foot lot.

Mayor Yeh noted Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) Vice
Chairman Michael was not present to comment.

Samir Tuma, Applicant asked for subdivision of a 12,666 square foot lot into
two identical lots, which would be approximately 63.33 square feet each.
The only concern was the width of the subdivided lots being slightly smaller
than required. Adjoining parcels and many parcels in the immediate area
were approximately 55-feet wide. His request was to bring the lot in line
with the remaining neighborhood and adjoining neighbors. The application
was consistent with the Comprehensive Plan and met the requirements for
the findings in order for the Council to grant the exemption. In 2004 an
identical situation was approved by the PTC and Council. He met with
neighbors and received support from those he spoke with. He asked that
the application be granted.

Public Hearing opened and closed at 8:28 P.M. with no public speakers.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff whether this type of situation
presented any concerns as a precedent.

Ms. French indicated the 2004 application was presented prior to the
establishment of the maximum lot size. The current application had a new
set of findings that reduced the non-conforming maximum lot size. With the
City's policy of not having lots exceed the maximum lot size, the Council
could see similar applications in the future; however Staff was not aware of
other applications from the neighborhood. The project would increase the
potential number of housing units.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether Staff was not concerned about
the number of other non-conforming lots or about the impacts of subdividing
lots.

Ms. French stated the number of these situations was not many in the
neighborhood.


                                                                      Page 16 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/10/12
