                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman asked if the urban forest staff positions would be
incorporated into the master document.

Mr. Keene indicated the ability to see the forestry division with its costs,
FTEs, and positions would be included in the document.

Council Member Holman suggested Staff describe positions clearly to
facilitate the Council's understanding. She inquired whether Staff would
have time to present proposed rate increases to the Animal Services
stakeholders prior to presenting them to the Council.

Ms. Antil stated Staff planned to include the stakeholders groups in
discussions of rate increases. Staff asked stakeholders to assist with
research of current fees.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff would provide information indicating
any discrepancies between Staff recommendations and stakeholder
recommendations, and when Staff would provide recommendations for
additional products to be sold or services to be provided.

Ms. Antil reported Staff's recommendations would be the same as Animal
Shelter Staff's recommendations.       Staff could indicate any discrepancy
between Staff recommendations and stakeholder recommendations. The
Administrative Services Department had provided information to the
stakeholders group to allow them to be part of the dialog. Staff would
provide a full report and additional recommendations in the fall. Staff hoped
to have a few months to determine the impact of fee increases.

Mr. Keene said Staff would report agreements and divergences in
stakeholder perspectives.     Staff could make initial recommendations
regarding revenue that did not work and would have to be reconsidered at
any time. Maintaining the level of service and funding that level would be an
ongoing challenge.   There was not time for a six-month or year-long
planning process.

Council Member Holman stated the Cost of Service Study would be a
document that would help the Council connect community values with the
Budget. She inquired if it should be presented to the FC or the Council.
Because of the workload in the Planning Department, she expressed concern
about the senior planner position scheduled to be eliminated. The City
Manager and the Planning Director would monitor the situation and return to
the Council in the first quarter with staffing recommendations for the
Planning Department. In evaluating the Budget, the Council was dealing

                                                                       Page 18 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/18/12
