list. He said the Planning Department had asked that he provide an expert
report and was given a list of firms he could choose from. Garavaglia, Inc.
concluded the Pickett home should be removed and was not historically
significant at any level.      The City’s Planning Department agreed with
Garavaglia and HRB disagreed. The homeowner believed the HRB had relied
on the Interior of Standards for Rehabilitation, which was not a correct test
for evaluating historic integrity. The homeowner engaged Page & Turnbull, a
second firm from the City’s recommended list for evaluation, to complete a
peer review of Garavaglia’s report. Their findings agreed with Garavaglia.

Christina Dikas, Page and Turnbull Architectural Historian, evaluated the
historic significance and integrity of the residence at 935 Ramona. Page &
Turnbull agreed with Garavaglia that the residence did not adequately
maintain historic significance even as a category 4 resource and should be
removed from the historic inventory.

Council Member Price noted there were differences of opinions to many
aspects of the project regarding the appropriateness of using the Secretary
of Standards for Rehabilitation and asked the Staff to comment.

Mr. Turner believed Garavaglia used the correct methodology. He felt it was
appropriate to use the integrity findings and the HRB used the Secretary of
Standards in looking at the sum of all of the alterations that have occurred
over the years.

Council Member Shepherd asked if there was a moratorium on the
demolition of houses.

Mr. Turner stated there was no moratorium on demolition of houses.

Mr. Williams said the house would remain on the list until an environmental
impact report could be completed.

Council Member Shepherd asked what would happen if Council did not
decide tonight.

Mr. Williams said it does not shelter it.

Council Member Shepherd asked if this applied to all Category 3 and 4 in the
City.

Mr. Williams stated theoretically, that was true.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed it would still go through design review.



                                        6                        01/09/2012
