Robert Moss expressed his initial reaction to the amount of money the City
was committed to spend for healthcare which was only a portion to the total
cost of retirement.   The un-funded liabilities depended in large part on
assumptions, which tended to be adjustable and the manner in which
CalPERS invested the funds. He predicted there would be a rise in healthcare
costs of approximately 6.5 percent annually except with programs such as
Kaiser. He suggested capping the cost the City was willing to pay thereby
reducing the overhead cost and swaying employees to accept the lower cost
medical plan.

Council Member Espinosa said Mr. Bartel had mentioned if his firm was to
have a conference with the Milliman Actuarial firm there would be similarities
in the manner in which the assumptions were reached. He asked for
clarification on the areas where Milliman would disagree with the Bartel firm.

Mr. Bartel believed Milliman would agree with his firms’ assessment of the
Confidence Level although he supposed in their report they would have used
a 7.61 percent for the discount. He suspected they would disagree with the
medical trend numbers. He expected they would have matched the new
CalPERS demographics numbers, and they would have agreed with the $3.4
million actuarial load but it was unlikely they would have implemented the
assumption. There was no doubt if they looked closely at the demographics
of the medical plan at retirement they would agree with the change similarly
to the Medical eligibility. They clearly had a different view on the
amortization where they would have accepted a rolling 30-year.

Council Member Espinosa asked how the information was being presented to
Staff across the City and to retirees assisting them in understanding the
broader context of the challenges the City was facing.

Mr. Perez said Staff had presented the City Manager with draft presentation
slides regarding a similar discussion. There had been questions on how the
un-funded liability grew to the extent it had and doubled in a matter of four
years. It was important to have the discussion regarding the pension and
healthcare, how those rising costs affected the budget and the consequences
to the services offered throughout the City.

City Manager, James Keene said over the past couple of years Staff had
been shown charts reflective of the trajectory of the increases.

Mayor Yeh asked for confirmation that absent any Council action Staff would
be returning at Mid-Year with a Budget Amendment Ordinance to increase
funding the ARC by $2.3 million for the General Fund and potentially $1.5
million for the Enterprise Fund. However, if Council wished to take action the
options were 1) accepting the minimum resulting in growth in the un-funded


                                     19                           01/30/2012
