Mr. Keene recalled the City of Palo Alto had interceded in Mountain View's
prior notice to terminate the contract, resulting in Mountain View extending
their commitment. He explained Mountain View knew Palo Alto would need
to make repairs to its aging facility and would ask for cost shares from
contract members. He indicated Mountain View could see rising future costs
in the agreement with Palo Alto, and were able to put those aside by
contracting with SVACA.

Council Member Price inquired about the current square footage of the
facility and the acreage of the parcel.

Mr. Keene did not know the size of the facility, but indicated the size of the
parcel was 2 1/2 to 3 acres.

Ms. Stadler stated the parcel size was slightly less than 3 acres and the
square footage for the office space were less than 2,000 square feet, but she
did not know the square footage including kennels.

Council Member Price asked if the estimates for a new shelter were based on
assumptions that the acreage and the square footage would be the same.

Mike Sartor, Director of Public Works reported in 2007 there was some
discussion about relocating the animal shelter to the LATP site. He indicated
some initial conceptual plans were drawn, based on programming needs,
and a cost estimate was prepared based on construction costs at the time.
He noted the facility would have handled services for Palo Alto, Los Altos,
Los Altos Hills and Mountain View.             He believed there was some
consideration for including Sunnyvale. He explained that was a considerably
larger building than the current facility at the MSC, and would have included
additional kennels for dangerous animals.

Council Member Price confirmed the $7 million estimate was based on those
kinds of assumptions.

Mr. Sartor answered yes.

Council Member Schmid suggested the only possibilities for new partners
would be Menlo Park, East Palo Alto, and Redwood City.

Ms. Antil reported other cities had approached Staff about Animal Services
over the years, and there would be changes in San Mateo County which
could provide other partners in 2014-2015. She stated the concern was not
a lack of partners, but rather potential partners wanted a long-term
                                   4                     March 26, 2012
