                               MINUTES
tide and was located within the 100-year flood plain of tides. Addressing
tidal concerns was a different project. The Water District was in the design
phase of a project for the south side of the channel.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Water District was responsible for the
south side of the channel.

Mr. Materman stated the Water District asked to assume that responsibility.
In planning and designing projects, the JPA wanted to remove property from
all flood risk and flood insurance premiums while satisfactorily completing
construction.

Council Member Holman supported the Project as a whole, but did not
support the process. She objected to not being informed.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Motion.       She inquired about the
impact to the flow station in the Creek.

Mr. Murray asked if she meant the storm water pump station.

Council Member Shepherd answered yes.

Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer reported the pump station collected water from
Palo Alto and pumped it into the Creek. Under an agreement with the City
of East Palo Alto, the pumps had to be shut off when the water level reached
a certain point to prevent the Creek from overflowing. After this Project was
implemented, that agreement would cease to exist, because the Creek
would have adequate capacity.

Mayor Yeh inquired about the number of parcels that would be removed
from flood insurance requirements once the Project was complete.

Mr. Materman reported the Project would remove parcels from the Creek
flood plain; however, those parcels would remain in the tidal flood plain and
flood insurance requirements would remain in effect. The parcels would not
be removed from flood insurance requirements until tidal concerns were
addressed.

Mayor Yeh stated one threat would be removed.

Mr. Materman suggested Creek flooding was the most significant threat.
Tidal flooding had occurred in the area, but was not as severe as Creek
flooding.

                                                                       Page 13 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/13/12
