completing much of the work in the next two to three months before
returning to the Council for discussion on a conceptual level. He repeated
Staff's intent was to seek Council's approval for the use of the funds that
had been earmarked for this purpose rather than to discuss project details.
He explained should the project not move forward, the work that Staff
anticipated performing for the public bike and pedestrian connections would
be transferrable to the site. He stated should the project not move forward,
the City would have the resources through the $2 million in reserve and the
Stanford money to complete the project on its own, which was a possibility.

Martin Sommer, of 427 Alma, stated for the last year he had been on the
Palo Alto Rail Corridor Task Force, which had been covering this area in
question. He wanted to make it perfectly clear he was speaking for himself
and not for the Task Force. He reported the Task Force agreed that it was a
keystone area. He indicated the area was slated for future development and
improvement as discussed here. He noted one concept was to take this
keystone area and divide it with University Avenue with the north being
community use and the south being hotel and office space development. He
understood that was in direct conflict with the proposal being discussed. He
suggested a new town square, farmers' market, outdoor restaurants and
music, and a public theater/recreational area could be located north of
University. He requested the Council keep north of University Avenue in the
keystone area for community use and not rented office space. He felt the
area was too valuable to be sliced into private use. He asked the Council to
honor and enforce the height restrictions currently in the area. He said they
were meant to retain quality of life and were not meant to be bargaining
chips for future developers. He suggested the theater could be kept within
height requirements by digging into the ground.

Lawrence Yegge was curious about the address of MacArthur Park. He
understood from California Historical Landmarks the address was 27 Mitchell
Avenue. He noted the only people who had been promoting it as 27
University Avenue were the restaurant management for 30 years. He stated
there was a matter of heritage for Council Members, because the park was
named after Pearce Mitchell, a Council Member for 31 years.

Bob Moss could not recall anything like this ever happening before, because
there had never been money from Stanford to do studies of anything and
the Council was being asked to review a project which did not exist yet. He
suggested anything that went on the MacArthur Park site should be
consistent with the playing fields, and the height limit for whatever went in
there should be consistent with existing zoning. He stated MacArthur Park
and the office building next to it were important historic structures, had been
there for more than 90 years, and the Red Cross depended on it. He said
anything that moved that building should be very carefully reviewed. He
suggested the Building could be moved to one of two vacant lots in El

                                      19                            3/05/2011
