                               MINUTES
12.   Rail Committee Status Report on Current High Speed Rail and Caltrain
      Electrification Submitted for Council Review and Comment.

Public Works Management Specialist, Richard Hackmann reported the last
presentation to Council was on December 19, 2011. On April 12, 2012, the
California High Speed Rail Authority (HSRA) approved the final 2012
Business Plan and the Southern California Blended System Memorandum of
Understanding (MOU). On April 19, 2012, the HSRA approved the Bay Area
to Central Valley partially revised final program level Environment Impact
Report (EIR). On May 3, 2012, the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board
(JPB) approved the Northern California Blended System MOU, and the HSRA
approved the Merced to Fresno final project level EIR. Staff worked with the
City's legislative advocate, Professional Evaluation Group, to track High
Speed Rail (HSR) legislation. Staff monitored the Sacramento environment
to support some of the City's HSR strategy formation and worked with the
Rail Committee (RC) on those issues. The Packet provided information on
legislation being monitored.      Staff had sent seven letters in 2012 to
communicate the City's HSR positions based on Council-approved Guiding
Principles and sought to keep important issues at the forefront of
discussions.     Attachment B to the Report was a spreadsheet of all
correspondence and responses sent since July 1, 2012. Staff continued to
work with the Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC), other regional groups, and
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee and his staff regarding advocacy of enhanced
commuter rail service. A new document regarding the HSRA Business Plan
was released which reduced the estimated cost from approximately $100
billion to $70 billion. Three key changes occurred: 1) use of a blended
system; 2) early investments in the bookends; and, 3) cost reduction. Costs
were reduced due to the lower need for dedicated infrastructure. The HSRA
would work initially on an Initial Operating Section (IOS), a $6 billion
segment from approximately Merced to Fresno. That segment was tied to
the $3 billion in stimulus funds, was scheduled for operation in 2022, and
had a cost of $31 billion to $37 billion. The next phase was the Bay to
Basin, a one-seat ride from San Francisco to the San Fernando Valley. That
phase was scheduled for operation in 2026 with a cost of $51 billion to $61
billion. The Phase 1 blended system would connect San Francisco to Los
Angeles, was scheduled for operation in 2029, and would cost $68 billion to
$80 billion. Caltrain completed an analysis of the blended system operation
in March 2012. The analysis indicated the blended system was operationally
viable, but did not define a service plan or infrastructure needed. Passing
tracks existed in certain parts of the Corridor. Without additional tracks, up
to eight HSR trains could travel per peak hour per direction. A scenario for
additional passing tracks had not been selected. The initial cost of the
blended system was approximately $1.5 billion, $706 million of that from the
HSRA and the remainder from funding partners. The City challenged the
                                                                        Page 22 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/21/12
