Council Member Burt stated he framed it as a placeholder space in the park,
which was on the Agenda.

Ms. Stump viewed it as appropriate with respect to the design items on the
park.

Mr. Keene believed Council Member Burt's comment was within the
perspective he had suggested. It would be a design challenge to fit the
building in. It would be easy for Staff to present some schemes to show
how the building could fit. That should not preclude the Council from
providing direction to Staff.

Council Member Price did not support the Motion with regard to the dog
park. She supported Staff's original recommendation to defer the dog park,
because of limited resources. She assumed Park Impact Fees would be
replenished, but was concerned about that. Relocation of the Julia Morgan
building had environmental impacts as well as design impacts.         The
implications of that for the Budget were serious. She asked if Staff could
provide options in a short period of time, because of the design and
environmental impacts.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Burt's comments
for a Council directive regarding integration of the Julia Morgan building into
the park or the 27 University Avenue site. She did not support the Motion,
because it did not have a larger context. She liked the park design, but felt
the park was a poor location for a dog park.

Vice Mayor Scharff supported the Motion. He felt the opportunity for a dog
park was important and should be supported.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Motion. This design was optimal
for this particular park at this particular site. She felt the design of the dog
park was awkward, but the dog park would be used. She preferred a
discussion of the Julia Morgan building include all the options.

MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Price, Holman no, Yeh absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd stated she attended the City/School Liaison
Committee in place of Mayor Yeh last week, where they toured Ohlone
Middle School.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 12:24 A.M.



                                      40                           04/23/2012
