Council Member Shepherd asked how the allocation would be made to
regional partners with the loss of Mountain View. She stated the allocations
were based on actual calls made, but that obviously would shift. She
inquired whether the actual loss of $450,000 would be shared with regional
partners.

Mr. Keene stated that was potentially correct. He explained the partners
would be conscious of the cost shift and the amount. Staff would have to
factor in the partners' abilities to absorb the cost share, given their size. He
noted they also had the option to leave the partnership.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether Animal Services was expected to
break even or to be a cost to the General Fund.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services recalled the discussion began
with the Finance Committee requesting Staff perform a cost-of-service study
to determine the level of subsidy or net cost. He stated the animal shelter
was getting ahead of the game as a result of the Mountain View movement,
because Staff planned to perform a study for all fees. He explained the
Council would make the policy decisions regarding cost recovery for all the
area services, including the animal shelter. He suggested Staff provide
scenarios of the various levels of services and options for cost recovery to
the Council, if the $1.1 million loss was not acceptable. He felt one option
could be increasing fees to offset some of the net costs. Staff needed to
bring more information to the Council to allow it to set policy.

Council Member Shepherd stated that was another layer. She referenced
the Service Efforts and Accomplishments Report (SEA), page 52, regarding
2,800 animal service calls for Palo Alto last year and 3,300 sheltered
animals. She calculated the cost to be approximately $250 per call.    She
asked what was being articulated in the report noting there was a target of
3,000 items to be responded to. She asked if sheltered animals were
animals temporarily sheltered at the Palo Alto facility.

Ms. Stadler explained service calls required Animal Control Officers to go out
and make an activity report, whether it was a stray, dead, or injured animal.
She stated those were actual calls for service. She noted the regional
service calls were a little more than half. She stated the term sheltered
animals referred to the number of animals handled, including both live and
dead.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if that was in addition to the service calls
made.

                                   11                     March 26, 2012
