                                MINUTES
was not broken. The PMA did not request fact finding pursuant to the new
State law as a means to address the impasse. Based on that, she explained
that the City could proceed to implement changes to terms and conditions of
employment pursuant to Government Code Section 3505. She said that
those were changes to specific benefits only; the State law did not allow the
City to unilaterally impose a complete MOA. She stated that the PMA
members would continue to operate under existing terms and conditions of
employment in addition to the new imposed terms which were: 1) a second
pension tier of 3 percent at 55 and final salary calculation of three years for
new hires only; 2) a medical cost share program where active employees
paid 10 percent of medical premiums; 3) the City provided the same medical
contribution for future retirees that it provided for active employees; 4)
establishment of a retirement health savings plan for employees to set aside
money pretax for medical expenses in retirement; 5) the management
annual leave accrual converted from a fiscal year to a calendar year; and 6)
modification of the vacation cash out procedure consistent with IRS
regulations. Staff recommended that Council adopt the Resolution imposing
the previously mentioned terms, five of which had the written tentative
agreement of the parties. She said that they were being implemented now
because they were changes to the status quo the City needed in place as it
strived to make similar structural changes to compensation and benefits for
all employee groups. The Resolution imposed the same language for cost
sharing of medical premiums that was agreed to by SEIU, the Firefighters,
the Fire Chiefs, and that was in place for the unrepresented management
professional unit. She said that the resulting budgetary savings were
minimal, but the changes reduced the City’s accrued liability for post-
retirement benefits in the future. The City found it inequitable that PMA, the
highest salaried unit, would be exempted from cost sharing when others,
including the lowest paid unit of employees, would share the cost of medical
premiums as well as the future risk of premium increases with the City.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to adopt the Resolution implementing the changes described to certain
terms and conditions of employment for employees in the Police Managers’
Association.

Council Member Schmid thought it was unfortunate they were not able to
come to a complete agreement, especially around items that the other labor
groups had agreed on. He supported the Staff in moving ahead.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Schmid. He said that the
City met with the PMA many times.


                                                                          Page 7 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
