                                MINUTES
while replacing the existing 23 parking spaces with 23 underground stacking
machines and the 636 Waverley Street project provided 4 new parking
spaces and needed 16 more spaces. Granting the exceptions was contrary
to the basic precepts of the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan, good planning
practice, and common sense. If the Council was obligated to approve the
exceptions, it should require the developers to pay the full in-lieu fee for
parking lost and parking not provided.

Neilson Buchanan related a conversation with a developer regarding parking.
He supported the moratorium and the two exceptions with two provisions:
1) the City Council settle future requests for exceptions, and 2) Staff and the
City Council determine where employees would park.

Marion Odell indicated parking density had increased significantly despite the
construction of two large parking structures. Staff did not have a saturation
metric or standard for neighborhood parking. Metrics existed for business
parking; however, the Council probably had not adopted them. She hoped
the scope of the upcoming parking study would include definitions and
standards for saturation.    She expressed concern about safety issues.
People avoided shopping and dining Downtown, because of traffic and the
lack of parking.

Karen Dreyfus disagreed with Staff's recommendation. It did not include
other equitable factors the Council should consider in exercising its discretion
in this decision. A parking shortfall of 100 spaces was significant. Parking
analyses did not mention public safety hazards. Each homeowner would
suffer a decrease in home value of at least several hundred thousand
dollars.

Herb Borock supported extending the moratorium and opposed any
exceptions. The 135 Hamilton Avenue project had not gone through the
ARB process in that the ARB had not provided a final recommendation. The
636 Waverley Street project did not satisfy Staff's draft Ordinance. The
developers of 135 Hamilton Avenue previously operated under another
moratorium. Although he opposed any exceptions, an exception should be
adopted by Ordinance not Resolution.

Robert Moss supported the moratorium. There was no justification for
considering an exception for 636 Waverley Street, because it was not a
project in terms of any Board or Commission review. The 135 Hamilton
Avenue project was entitled to something, but not total elimination of
requirements.    He expressed concern that the City received funds for
parking garages rather than parking spaces.     If the Council allowed
exceptions, it should limit the number of exemptions from parking; the
                                                                          Page 24 of 34
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/10/12
