                               MINUTES
owned by Stanford University. The potential applicant was John Arrillaga.
His role as philanthropist and developer could allow greater flexibility in
exploring and pursuing a range of public benefits. The Council asked Staff to
focus on more retail uses and a mixture of uses. Staff embarked on a
planning process for the site, while acknowledging the ownership of the
property and the special nature of the site. Planning for the site was
ongoing and needed to outlast any potential project proposal.          Staff
anticipated and expected the plan to change as it worked through the public
process and through Council discussions. The site was a potential extension
of Downtown with issues of connectivity, design, and uses. Any potential
project should provide linkage between Downtown, Stanford University, and
the Stanford Shopping Center. As part of its discussion, the Council should
share the general concepts of planning for the site and the area.

Stephen Emslie, Deputy City Manager indicated Mr. Fukuji would present the
overall planning concepts of the Master Plan. Mr. Garber would discuss the
architectural elements that integrated with the Master Plan. Mr. Santora
would relate programming with use of the potential theatre building.

Mr. Keene noted the presentations would focus on changes made since the
Council meeting in September 2012.

Bruce Fukuji, Fukuji Planning attempted to mesh the public's vision for the
site, as stated at Board, Commission, and public meetings, with the scale
and character of Downtown, while providing connectivity for pedestrians and
bicyclists to Downtown. Concerns were traffic, parking, the Rail Corridor,
transit operations, public spaces and views, park impacts, and the Julia
Morgan Building. The main changes were reduced floor area, reduced
building height and mass, connectivity with Downtown, concepts for the Julia
Morgan Building, pedestrian and bicycle connections, retail spaces, and site
planning for the theatre, El Camino Park and the Transit Center. The site
was isolated by the Caltrain right-of-way and El Camino Real. The grid of
streets could be extended by use of covers over below-grade rail
infrastructure, by connections to pedestrian-bike paths, and by extending
the street pattern into the Arts and Innovation (A&I) District. The Transit
Center could be relocated on-street or in the Rail Corridor, depending upon
changes in the Rail Corridor. The proposed University Grove could be a
placeholder for future buildings along University Avenue. The Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC) expressed concerns about minimizing the
impact on El Camino Park. Areas of the park close to the Transit Center
were underutilized. Relocating the Julia Morgan Building to El Camino Park
was a way to restore the original community use of the House. El Camino
Park could accommodate the Julia Morgan Building in several ways.
Proposed changes for the renovation of El Camino Park included increasing
                                                                        Page 7 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
