                               MINUTES
EIR not including any HSRA project. Dan Richard explained to the Senate
Committee that a Judge's decision on the request for modification of CEQA
should provide for mitigations rather than an injunction. He interpreted that
to mean that a Judge could add mitigations rather than set aside an EIR.
Mr. Richard also claimed that California could not fund the bookends unless
it also funded the Central Valley segment. He did not believe that was an
accurate interpretation of the law. If the Legislature wanted to fund existing
rail systems that could be connected to HSR, then it was not necessary to
fund the Central Valley system.

Mayor Yeh appreciated the RC's review, analysis, and discussion of the many
issues related to financing and MOUs.


COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein reported he attended the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) meeting last week.             The discussions
centered around; 1) the current bay area water supply, 2) WSIP water
supply project being on target at this time, and 3) a group of San Francisco
voters who are trying to put a ballot measure on this November to drain the
Hetch Hetchy Reservoir. He also reported on attending the annual Avenidas
fundraiser this past week.

Council Member Schmid reported on attending a meeting with the Santa
Clara Valley Water District who has sent a letter to the City to have the
Council support the Clean and Safe Water Bond measure.

Council Member Holman stated that the Council and Staff had recently
withheld support for that Bond, and were the only city to not support it. She
reported on several events that occurred this past weekend including the
Palo Alto Women’s Club Kitchen Tour, Barron Park Neighborhood Association
who had a successful May Fete event, and the Past Heritage had their
preservation awards.

Mayor Yeh invited the community to the second Mayor’s Challenge to be
held on June 3, 2012, called Day in the Park. The 3 events will be Bocce
Ball, table tennis and Yoga.  He also spoke about a possible partnership
centered around Beijing.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 11:08 P.M.



                                                                        Page 28 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/21/12
