months where a lot of decisions would have to be made. He thought there
was a strong endorsement for reaching out, and suggested the Committee
spend time identifying specific ways to reach out to wider communities.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO direct Staff to consider and advise the
Council if it would be useful to hire a Sacramento lobbyist for this issue.

Council Member Klein was pleased in some ways that the Council was
getting some traction. He found this issue to be frustrating and dangerous.
He thought Staff's description of Palo Alto if this were enforced was scary.
He felt the only way those numbers could be accomplished was if the R1
neighborhoods were invaded by multi-unit housing. He didn't know how
the Council would accomplish that. He viewed this as a law whose
underlying foundation made no sense. He noted an analysis of the
program indicated the program produced few benefits. He felt the Council
could accomplish more by other means. He felt this only benefitted those
who had a financial stake in building houses in various places, particularly
where demand seemingly always met supply. He said that was not good
social policy, and would not accomplish the goal of sustainable cities. He
thought the fact that the Council was taking a strong approach was useful.
He felt the City would need partners throughout the State in order to
succeed. He supported the Motion, and hoped the Council would find more
allies.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO add to Recommendation No.4- to encourage
Staff to ascertain if other entities are willing to share the consulting fees.

Council Member Shepherd noticed that the Contra Costa letter asked for a
reduction in housing allocation. She asked if there was a defined amount
that had to come from the Bay Area.

Mr. Williams thought the letter was asking for a reduction for the whole
Bay Area. He noted the reduction was broken down into subareas. He
explained there was a point at which it became a zero-sum game. He
noted discussions had recently centered on the estimate of 770,000
housing units over the given time period. He stated that figure was being
decreased to approximately 700,000, because of the analysis around
foreclosures. He indicated it was based on an unrealistic projection of job
growth.

Council Member Shepherd had read the financial crisis foreclosure report,
and thought people moved in with others.



                                      31                           02/21/2012
