                               MINUTES

Mr. Materman stated the breakthrough would be approximately 200 feet,
and the levee would be degraded 2-3 feet from its current height. The
current levee provided no flood protection, and would be degraded from 11
feet to 8-9 feet.

Council Member Schmid clarified the height would be 8 feet.

Mr. Materman answered yes.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether a great inflow would cause water
to spill over the levee.

Mr. Materman responded yes. The Creek currently flowed into the Faber
Tract if the flood was more than a 5-year event. Construction would change
that to a 2 1/2-year event. The amount of water flowing into the Faber
Tract would not increase; however, the incidence of flooding would increase.

Council Member Schmid noted new levees would extend to the Bay and no
new levees would be constructed on the Faber Tract, and asked whether
water flooding into the Faber Tract would break through the existing levees.

Mr. Materman indicated a levee ran north-south between the Faber Tract
and the properties in East Palo Alto. In the scenario of a 100-year flow of
water down the Creek with a 100-year tide and with sea level rise, the water
level in the Faber Tract would rise 2 inches. The impact on the levee would
be insignificant. After the Project was constructed, that area would not
receive that flow ever, because Pope-Chaucer would release water.

Council Member Schmid noted the new levee would not extend as far as the
existing levee, and inquired whether that would result in regular flooding of
that portion of Palo Alto.

Mr. Murray reported water surface elevation would be low enough that
elevation of the downstream levees would not need to change.

Council Member Schmid asked if that were true in a high tide event as well.

Mr. Murray stated the Project was not designed to prevent tidal inundation,
but the Creek would not flood in that area due to other portions of the
Project.

Mr. Materman reported the goal was to prevent water from exiting the
channel in a certain scenario. The Golf Course was subject to a 100-year
                                                                       Page 12 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/13/12
