                               MINUTES

The City Council reconvened from the Closed Sessions at 7:15 P.M. and
Mayor Yeh announced no reportable action.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.   Gunn High School Robotics Team Presentation

Mayor Yeh advised that the Gunn High School Robotics Team presentation
would not be heard that evening because of final examinations. He stated
the presentation would be rescheduled for a future date.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene, reported that a community meeting regarding
the preliminary designs of Rinconada Park had been scheduled for June 5,
2012 at 2:30 p.m. at the Lucie Stern Center, and a community meeting
regarding the Magical Bridge Playground had been scheduled for June 6,
2012 at 6:30 P.M. in Room H1 at the Cubberley Community Center. He
stated the Magical Bridge Playground would be a new part of Mitchell Park
specifically designed for children and adults with special needs. He also
reminded the public to pay attention to wildlife encounters in the open
space. The Open Space Division received a number of reports that there
were several aggressive, territorial coyote encounters between visitors with
dogs in the west end of the Pearson-Arastradero Preserve. Because of that
several trails were temporarily closed to dogs. He said that if a mountain
lion was encountered to make loud noises and fight back if attacked. More
information on the trail closures could be found on the Palo Alto webpage.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the minutes of February 21 and March 5, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Burt not participating

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Omar Chatty said that he worked in Palo Alto and lived in San Jose. He said
that the eighth person of 2012 died related to Caltrain. That was the 24 th
person killed since the beginning of 2011 and 184 th since January 1995. The
latest was killed on May 30, 2012, in San Mateo. Palo Alto lost one person
and Menlo Park lost two in 2012. He said that they needed to consider the
future and that it would be ten years before they could replace Caltrain
                                                                       Page 2 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
