                                MINUTES
The Marin Energy Authority and Seattle City Lights had policies to achieve a
carbon-free status. At a future meeting, Staff would present an assessment
of the in-depth studies and efforts of other communities to define and
achieve carbon neutrality.

Council Member Price inquired about Federal funds to support this effort.

Ms. Padilla reported Staff would review alternative sources for funding.

Council Member Klein concurred with Mayor Yeh's comments. He asked why
it had taken five months for this to be presented to the Council.

Ms. Fong explained the Council's Agendas were full and this topic was
continued many times.

Council Member Klein hoped this would have priority.

Ms. Fong felt the City Manager was committed to this issue and would not
continue it again.

Council Member Klein asked Staff for a possible implementation date.

Mr. Keene asked if he meant the date a plan could be implemented or the
date carbon neutrality could be achieved.

Council Member Klein answered both.

Ms. Padilla indicated the date depended on how the community, the Council,
and the UAC directed Staff to define carbon neutrality as that was the key
component. Staff hoped to develop a timeframe in the next few months
along with a recommendation.

Mr. Keene reported a potential date could be within a few years depending
on the option that the Council chose to achieve carbon neutrality.

Council Member Klein hoped Staff did not spend much time addressing the
reasons for pursuing carbon neutrality, because the reasons were self-
evident. He expressed concerned about the degrees of uncertainty stated in
the Report. If the Council did nothing, it would pay more than the amounts
mentioned in the Report. He was interested in the City being a leader, but
the purpose of a leader was to encourage others to follow.

Council Member Schmid noted the flow of energy in a good or even average
hydroelectric year resulted in carbon neutrality on a net basis over the entire
                                                                         Page 15 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
