                               MINUTES

MOTION:      Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid that this item would end no later than 11:30 P.M.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to indicate when the Item could return
to the Council.

Mr. Williams assumed, based on prior discussion, the Item would be
presented to the P&TC before returning to the Council. The RFP for the
parking study was on the Council's Agenda for the following week.
Remaining Recommendations would be referred to the P&TC, if the Council
directed that. As the Recommendations developed, parts could be presented
to the Council for additional input and detail.

Council Member Holman was unsure whether the Council could sufficiently
discuss the topic and provide that direction before 11:30 P.M.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Scharff no

Council Member Price felt the parking strategies were ambitious. She
inquired whether Staff anticipated one team of consultants working on more
than one element as several elements were closely aligned.

Mr. Rodriguez stated one of the major focus areas for consultants would
likely be the parking garage study. A separate consultant team would
perform the Downtown Cap Study. One consultant team would not perform
both studies.

Council Member Price asked for the percentage of work Staff would handle,
and whether consultants would work on elements not requiring an RFP.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated almost all of the work would be performed by Staff
in terms of managing the program and developing concepts. Consultants
would be utilized for the design-focused efforts. With regard to technology,
Staff would develop the RFPs for vendors to propose solutions.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff had reviewed RFPs developed
by other cities.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes. Staff had a draft RFP for gate technology and
revenue controls, and had based it on another city's RFP.

Council Member Price asked if Staff was seeking Council guidance to pursue

                                                                      Page 29 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/13/12
