                                MINUTES
He recommended the Council keep its options open. Staff would need to
perform outreach to certain stakeholder groups and to assess Staff capacity
before submitting a proposal. Should the Council submit a proposal, there
was no guarantee Palo Alto would be selected as a participant.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff had considered the amount
of time they could spend performing outreach to the community during the
first year of the program.

Mr. Bobel reported fundraisers hired by the Empowerment Institute would
perform community outreach; however, the fundraisers could not work
effectively without some involvement of City Staff. Staff would estimate the
amount of Staff time required for the program in the coming year.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired about Staff's activities during the year between
signing the Letter of Intent and submitting a proposal.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would stay in contact with the Empowerment
Institute regarding fundraising efforts.       If fundraising efforts were
unsuccessful, Staff would not spend much time on the program. The City
had an obligation to inform the community about the program. The amount
of Staff time would depend on the sort of feedback and information Staff
received from the community. In their proposal, Staff needed to be clear
concerning the possible impacts and risks to the City.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether marketing materials for fundraising
purposes would indicate the City of Palo Alto was participating, if it signed a
Letter of Intent. He expressed concern that donors would mistakenly
believe signing the Letter of Intent was a commitment to the program.

Ms. Slater reported the first phase of fundraising would be building out the
Lawrence Berkeley Lab metrics which would benefit all participants. Project
materials would name the five cities who would apply, assuming the details
worked out. The program would not have progressed to the current point if
it had not already determined Palo Alto stakeholders were prime prospects
for engaging in the Cool Cities Challenge.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the Eco Teams were groups of people who made
lifestyle changes to reduce their carbon footprint.

Ms. Slater stated the teams would make lifestyle changes in addition to
other ways to reduce the carbon footprint.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if it was renovations along with lifestyle changes.

10/22/2012                                                      111-474
