Council Member Shepherd asked what happened if there was a continuance
then; if the applicant received one chance to do this and then the Council
would not see it again.

Ms. Stump wouldn't interpret it in absolutist terms. She thought the intent
of the Motion was to indicate to the applicant that the Council was very
serious that this Item be agendized one more time and be heard at that
time. She stated in an extraordinary situation, some natural disaster, some
hospitalization of the applicant, Staff might come before the Council with
some reason to believe it would be appropriate to make an exception. She
felt it would take an emergency situation at that point to make a change.

Council Member Shepherd was concerned that it was locked in.

Vice Mayor Scharff shared Council Member Shepherd's concerns.           He
thought that a reason to continue didn't have to be a natural disaster. He
believed their current reason for a continuance was they needed more
information, while the Council felt they had had plenty of time to get the
information. He asked Council Member Burt if he intended for a continuance
to be granted if there was a reasonable explanation based on someone's
unavailability because they were ill or there was some disaster.

Council Member Burt stated the Motion didn't speak to that. He reported the
Motion merely stated that the applicant would state in writing that the
applicant was prepared.

Vice Mayor Scharff indicated that meant the Council was not going to refuse
them, that the applicant would just state in writing they were prepared.

Council Member Burt stated Staff was not going to agendize it until the
Council got that letter.

Ms. Stump suggested if there was substantial good cause, the Council
consider making an exception to agendize it. She thought Staff would have
to take a serious look at that and the Council would want them to do that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

19.   Request for City Council Authorization to Fund Preliminary Design
      Review and Environmental Studies of 27 University Avenue.

Council Member Klein advised he would not participate in this Item due to
his wife being on staff at Stanford University.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie reported Staff was coming to the Council
to confirm the use of Stanford Medical Center Public Benefit money,

                                    17                          3/05/2011
