Mr. Perez asked the Council to turn to attachment 2B of the Packet. He
wanted to walk the Council through other options the Council could consider.
He stated the General Obligation Bond was similar to what the City did with
the library; it did not have to be part of the General Election; it was a
property tax based on percentage of assessed valuation; and, it required a
two-thirds vote. He stated the next item was a parcel tax; it was based on
property tax; it was a flat rate per parcel; it did not have to be on a General
Election; and, it also required a two-thirds vote. He noted an example would
be the School District's parcel tax. He said the next item was a sales tax; it
was a tax on goods; it had to be part of a General Election; it required a
simple majority vote, 50 percent plus one; and, it could be increased in one-
eighth increments. He explained there was a 2 percent total that local
entities could implement, and 1 percent was already taken. He noted a
sales tax, the Utility Users Tax (UUT), the documentary transfer tax, the
Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT), and the business license tax could be
coupled with an advisory measure expressing to the voters that the tax
would be used for a particular purpose. He explained if the valid language
expressed a limit on the use of the tax, for example for Infrastructure only,
then it became a special tax. He stated if that was the case, it would require
a two-thirds vote, but did not need to go on a General Election. He indicated
the next item was a UUT; it was a tax on utility and telephone charges; it
had to go on a General Election; and, it required a simple majority vote. He
reported a documentary tax was the next item; it was a tax on real property
deeds; it had to be on a General Election; and, it required a simple majority
vote. He said the hotel tax was a tax on the room rate; it had to be on a
General Election; and, it required a simple majority vote. The last item was
a business license tax; it was a tax on businesses; it had to be part of a
General Election; and, it required a simple majority vote.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated a tax was generally either not required to
be on a General Election but did require a two-thirds vote, or required to be
on a General Election with a simple majority vote. She stated Staff had
chosen the option that typically corresponded to the type of tax listed. She
reported some of these taxes could be structured differently, such that a
general tax (not specified for a particular purpose) could be structured as a
special tax if the dedicated purpose was stated in the measure, in which
case the requirements would be different.

Mr. Perez moved to other funding mechanisms. He noted the first one was
Certificates of Participation (COPs). He explained they were a financing
lease that allowed the issuance of tax-exempt debt by using a revenue
stream of payment; a city would dedicate an existing revenue stream, or
typically a city would generate a new stream of revenue; it did not have to
be part of a General Election; and, voter approval was not needed. He
noted the Total Road Improvement Program (TRIP) was another name for
                                   37                    March 26, 2012
