                               MINUTES
(e) the applicant provide for at least a 1,200 s.f. retail food and beverage
establishment and use its best efforts to support the retail food and
beverage establishment.

Vice Mayor Scharff was willing to change the language regarding the café.
He wanted the applicant to support the café, and the space could be larger if
the applicant wished.

Council Member Shepherd stated this was a better project than that
presented three weeks ago. The applicant had addressed the Council's
concerns. Adding the café made the project more appealing. This would be
an improvement for Park Boulevard and add to the vibrancy of the area.

Council Member Burt asked Vice Mayor Scharff to state his intent for the café
language.

Vice Mayor Scharff reported the intent was to have a café of 1,200 s.f. or
more. Also, the applicant would use its best efforts to support that café.

Council Member Burt requested Staff interpret the literal nature of the
language.

Mr. Williams remarked the first part of the language indicated there had to
be a 1,200 s.f. café. The second part stood alone as far as how the
applicant supported it. The word café had a certain connotation, and Staff
would prefer using "retail food and beverage" language to provide more
flexibility.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff felt there was a danger that the
second part diluted the first part.

Mr. Williams felt the first part required the applicant to provide at least
1,200 s.f. of space for a retail food and beverage establishment. It did not
indicate what type of establishment might occupy the remaining 1,200 s.f.

Council Member Burt stated the Council's hope was that the applicant would
find a tenant for the full 2,400 s.f. The applicant had addressed the
Council's requests at the prior two meetings. He felt the design was
improved, but remained problematic.      However, he would support the
project.

Council Member Schmid noted the monitoring schedule and the Regional
Water Quality Control Board's cooperation with the EPA with regard to
monitoring.


06/25/2012                                                             111-89
