                               MINUTES
should be complete in 2029 and cost more than $80 billion. High Speed Rail
(HSR) was still 14 years away if financing and construction occurred on
schedule. The blended system would increase the number of trains to 10
peak-hour trains per direction per day, six commuter trains and four HSR
trains. Currently Caltrain had five peak-hour trains per direction. Doubling
traffic along the Corridor would significantly increase gate downtimes or
create the need for grade separations. These scenarios would significantly
impact travel through the community or actions needed to construct grade
separations. The City Council Rail Committee (Committee) attempted to
determine how to provide input to Caltrain and the California High Speed
Rail Authority (CHSRA) regarding the proposed increase in service and
weighing the benefits with the impacts. CHSRA had reached an agreement
with Union Pacific Railroad regarding freight operations. They entered into a
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) stating they would study the
situation. With Caltrain's addition of four trains, the Committee submitted
correspondence on behalf of the City requesting Caltrain consider more
service to the Downtown and California Avenue stations.             In other
correspondence, the Committee commented significantly on the bond
appropriation bill; supported not streamlining the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) to reduce or diminish existing environmental protections;
and was working on clean-up legislation with regard to SB 1029.

Council Member Schmid suggested Staff return for Council discussion when
the grade crossing report was released, when the report on possible
locations of passing tracks was released, and when the MOU between
Caltrain and CHSRA was released.

Council Member Klein reported significant developments would occur in
2013. Of greatest risk to the City was substantial weakening of CEQA
protections. Governor Brown was determined to move the HSR project
forward and Senator Rubio, Chair of the Natural Resources Committee, was
committed to changes in environmental laws. Also of concern was possible
defeat of Proposition 30, funding for HSR, and pending litigation. The
Committee would continue monitoring the situation and take action when
appropriate.

Council Member Price inquired whether the policy making group recently
established to represent the cities and counties along the corridor changed
the governance structure of the existing Joint Powers Authority (JPA) for
Caltrain.

Mr. Hackmann answered no. The group would provide input to the JPA
Board. It did not change the composition.

                                                                       Page 23 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/5/12
