                                MINUTES
and Ash Street on the south side. He said that a typical 63 degree parking
style required an 18 foot dimension depth from the base of the curb to the
back of the stall. California Avenue was closer to about 14 or 15 feet in
those 60 degree stalls. He said that they were short and that was why they
never recommended it because it did not fit the City standards.

Council Member Shepherd said that it was a regulation that they restripe
with a certain angle, which was not the angle that was there now. She
confirmed that they could not restripe at the current angle.

Mr. Rodriguez said 60 degree parking was the City standard. If they
restriped it to satisfy the current standards they could no longer stripe it for
four lanes because they would not fit.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that if the City modernized it they had
to stripe the new way, there was no way to retain the current striping.

Mr. Rodriguez said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff wanted to understand the P&TC recommendation. He
saw Staff already took some of them into consideration. He asked for an
explanation of the contraflow bike facility. He asked if Staff had not
originally thought of that change or if there had been a reason not to do it.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that a contraflow lane was a marked segment of the
roadway where bicycles traveled in the opposite direction of the vehicles that
were adjacent to them. He said that the plaza design had gone through
much iteration since the beginning of the project.        The concept of a
contraflow lane had been discussed. However, Staff realized that contraflow
was not going to be acceptable to the biking community and the P&TC
recommended against one.       The City would have its first contraflow bike
lane later in the year on Homer Street between Alma and High. The P&TC
recommended that the contraflow concept was good to keep the bicycle
movements on the south side of the plaza away from the pedestrian focused
movements, but suggested they do it on the plaza. What they showed was
an eight foot pathway similar to what was behind Palo Alto High School and
the Caltrain tracks.

Vice Mayor Scharff confirmed that Staff supported the current plan.

Mr. Rodriguez said that was the concept they would continue to advance for
additional input.


                                                                          Page 38 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
