                               MINUTES
Keenan and Mr. Baer previously about the condition. It was also attached to
the most recent conditions for approval for 135 Hamilton Avenue when it
went to the ARB.

Council Member Klein said Mr. Kleiman stated he did not believe he should
have to pay any amount. He asked if that was correct.

Mr. Kleiman said he raised the question during a meeting with Amy French
and Mr. Williams. He was not sure there was a mechanism in the Municipal
Code or by practice to allow a later assessment of a property like his that
had not been assessed in the parking district. He was open for discussion,
but the code stated that properties that had not been assessed were
exempt. Based on that there was no rationale for an exempt property to
pay into the district. He asked what the rationale was for a property to be
assessed aside from the City’s standpoint of revenue.

Mr. Williams said Staff’s interpretation was that it only allowed a project to
take advantage of the 1:1 if it was assessed.

Council Member Klein recalled that in 1987 there was a different system for
assessments on the parking district. There were no bonds at that time.
Staff recalculated annually on the basis of who was in business.

Mr. Williams agreed. There was a mechanism at the time it was adopted for
changing the assessments annually.

Council Member Klein said the bonds came later. He asked how much that
would be compared to what was charged at the Lytton/Alma project.

Mr. Williams said the calculation under the assessment district was much
less.    For 136 Hamilton Avenue depending on the methodology used
$150,000 to $350,000. That was six spaces under the in lieu fee. If the in
lieu fee was applied for all 40 spaces it was $2.5 million.

Council Member Klein said he needed to think about that.

Vice Mayor Scharff thought the ordinance needed to be passed, but he had
questions related to the potential exemptions. He did not believe the
projects should be completely grandfathered in, especially the one story
building. He thought they should apply the TDM to the four story building
and that some parking was necessary. He agreed that parking equaled
prosperity.


                                                                        Page 24 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
