                               MINUTES

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to direct Staff that at least once a year for 3 years to present
the City Council with a report of the status of the toxicity monitoring of the
past 12 months.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Schmid said there had been some substantial change in
response to Council directive. He liked the location of housing near the train
station. That neighborhood was growing and changing, and this project
could be an important element of a revitalized and expanded neighborhood.
He was disappointed that the space for a café had been reduced.

Council Member Holman noted Packet page 12, Attachment A, No. 1 did not
indicate the square footage of residential space, and suggested it should be
included. The applicant had responded in meaningful ways; however, the
design did not positively add to the existing environment. The diagrams
presented showed the plaza and the café, but she could not discern the
walkway in the elevation diagrams.

Ms. French reported the drawings in the supplemental packet showed those
features, but the elevations from the ARB did not. Those elevations had not
been drawn, because the concept would be finalized at the ARB.

Council Member Holman asked whether she felt the description of changes
should be improved.

Ms. French stated the condition of approval requiring the applicant to return
to Architectural Review for the final details could be amended as noted, and
the drawing presented to the Council would be shown to the ARB along with
the refined details showing changes in elevations.

Council Member Holman noted the ARB would focus on the materials and
colors of the center section. She asked to what extent that would change,
because that could have a big impact on the breaking up of the façade.

Ms. French reported Staff wanted to see the color and material changes
reported by the applicant.

Council Member Holman asked the Architect to comment on color and
material changes.




06/25/2012                                                              111-90
