issues with regard to the recommendation of a single point of contact within
the City Manager's office.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to include these points in its responses
to the Report: methods to provide transparency whether through audits,
reviews or Council discussions; methods to plan for transparency; and
methods for the Council to discuss and review periodically the status of
infrastructure projects.

Mayor Yeh called for questions and comments concerning the Finance
section.

Council Member Schmid expressed concern that the City would lose 12 acres
of playing fields, two gyms, an auditorium, a theater, parking and
classrooms if it followed the recommendation to end the Cubberley lease in
2014. He was also concerned that there was no discussion of the cost
inherent in the trade-off and what infrastructure would be lost by the ending
of the lease. He felt the City had received some important benefits from the
current situation.

Council Member Shepherd was concerned about a ballot initiative and
supported using the general obligation bonds to pay for improvements. She
expressed an interest in relocating the Development Center in order to stop
paying rent. She said this would provide funds to help pay for some
projects.

Council Member Holman inquired if an increase in the cigarette tax would
provide a meaningful amount of funds, and if that could be dedicated. She
stated the Council must review spending and raising money from the public
as well as saving money in order to be accountable to the public. She
suggested there was potential rental income from space being vacated by
the Police Department, and a possible savings by locating Staff in the
downtown post office. She did not favor COPs as a funding mechanism.

Council Member Klein disagreed with the box statement on page 81
regarding the School District's intention to reuse the Cubberley site for a
secondary school. He said the School District had not taken any formal
action. He did not believe the Council could count on that until the School
District acted. He requested a brief summary of funds available from the
Stanford funds, a timeline, and restrictions on use of funds.

Council Member Burt suggested discussions were needed regarding how
quickly the City could catch-up infrastructure projects. He stated it would
not be easy to find funds for improvements. He stated the difference
between Certificates of Participation and General Obligation Bonds was a
simple majority vote versus a two-thirds vote. He thought a two-thirds vote
was possible for a focused purpose such as the Public Safety Building. He
                                     21                          01/17/2012
