He said that was why condos were built in mixed use projects and not rental
units. He said that his comment related to the questions about if they had
misallocated public benefit in a way rather than really looking at the issue
both politically and policy based about parking. He said one of the questions
when they came to the City with a transit oriented development project was
to test and see whether this was a good location for a fifth floor of housing.
He said that they would suggest removing the housing and revisiting if there
would then be more funds available for parking fees including In Lieu fees.
He stated that there would be 14 more parking spaces by getting rid of the 14
tenants. He apologized because that option was very difficult to present. He
said that the “penthouse” units were extremely expensive due to underground
parking, expensive land, an expensive steel building, and a separate elevator
core. He stated this was really expensive for rental housing and the public
benefit units were about $500,000 each.

Mayor Yeh continued with Council Member Klein’s questions and asked if Staff
was comfortable doing the analysis. He asked if Staff were to take the delta
for office space and look at market rates, if they would be able to review the
public benefits and assign a range of estimated value for the public benefits
compared to the estimated profits that would be gained through a PC proposal
versus using the existing zoning.

Mr. Williams said Staff would not feel comfortable doing that; they probably
would want to hire someone to do that. Without the Applicant’s input on what
all their costs were it would be speculative. He said that Staff could do a
ballpark analysis of that and make that kind of comparison.

Public Hearing Opened at 10:03 p.m.

Irvin Dawid said he was a resident of Palo Alto and a representative of Sierra
Club’s Land Use and Cool City Committee teams.                  He expressed
disappointment about the discussion and the Council’s questions. He said this
was a stellar transit oriented project and that Sierra Club normally would not
comment on a predominantly office building. However they were speaking
about this project because there were so many elements that would not just
make it a gateway but would really give a meaning to the entrance of
downtown Palo Alto. He was disappointed the discussion had centered on
attempting to figure out what the appropriate amount of parking was and if
the City was providing too much parking. He said that if a five story parking
garage was built in that location there would still be a parking problem
downtown, but that was another issue. He said that issue was that the City
does not manage its parking correctly. The problem was that there was no
pricing. He said that Council Member Espinosa was right, people want to
park. He hoped that the $60,000 would be used to provide a comprehensive
parking study that would look at all parking strategies.         He said that
                                  28                    March 12, 2012
