                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh returned to the original Motion. He thanked Staff for their efforts
and the said the amount of time put in was significant. He thought that
would only intensify as the process moved forward. There was a deficit of
trust between merchants and the City and it would take a concerted effort to
work with merchants. He thought the project was a great vision for
California Avenue in the long term. Having a clear vision and a program that
would continue to make California Avenue a destination did not make it
easily digested by those currently on the street. He thought that with the
area development plan coming forward in the fall it was essential that there
were meetings with the merchants before it came to Council. He wanted the
design phase of the project incorporated into a broader discussion with the
merchants. That was hopefully a step forward to really incorporate the kind
of development discussed by the Council for that particular region.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

23a. (Former Agenda Item No. 20) Consideration of a Vote of Support for
     the Revote High Speed Rail Initiative.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to continue Agenda Item No. 23a to September 4, 2012, to be the first
Action item heard.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

23.   Public Hearing: Proposed Revenue         Increases   and   Expenditure
      Reductions for Animal Services.

Pam Antil, Assistant City Manager, said that the Council directed Staff to
work with an Animal Services stakeholder group to bring a series of
recommendations on how they could close the gap on the proposed budget
to expenditure reductions that were needed. Staff had three meetings with
the Animal Services stakeholder group.        They would bring back some
additional information to the Council in the future, but because of the need
for revenue changes Staff wanted the public hearing that evening so that
they had a longer period of time during the fiscal year to benefit from
increases in the fee schedule. She hoped Council had received the answers
to the questions they asked earlier in the day.

Mayor Yeh said there were two public speakers.

Public hearing opened at 11:42 P.M.


                                                                        Page 73 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
