Council Member Shepherd indicated the $2.2 million would come back to the
Council in FY 2014 unless the Council made structural changes in the
existing Budget. The City was in a vulnerable situation of supporting legacy
pieces. She wanted to discuss the difficult questions in order to make
incremental changes.

Mr. Perez stated the Cost of Service Study would begin the conversation.
The Council would have to engage the community to make some of these
choices. For the most part, changing the methodology of service delivery
had been a good experience. The Council needed to review every service
the City provided, how it was provided, and then make choices about
outsourcing services.

Council Member Shepherd felt keep-up was vulnerable, unless it was
secured with a plan. The Council would know more about Cubberley when
that process moved forward as to whether or not the $6.9 million for capital
improvements would be a City or PAUSD expense. The City needed an
infrastructure budget for catch-up of $5 million for ten years. She asked if
Staff was suggesting a new revenue source for this.

Mr. Keene reported a larger capital need would require a new revenue
source. A $2-$3 million a year need could be funded through a new revenue
source or found within the City Budget. The viable option was to consider a
new revenue source.

Council Member Shepherd suggested putting the $2.8 million into the
Budget, so that the Council could consider that challenge. Impact fees for
building a home from the ground up totaled approximately $27,000. She
asked for an explanation of those fees.

Mr. Emslie indicated the permit issuance cost was required by law for cost
recovery, while impact fees were set by the Council. The City had a housing
fee, a library fee, a community center fee, and a parks and recreation fee.
All those fees applied to rebuilding a home. All impact fees were a fraction
of the total cost, but could be significant. Also the Utilities Department
charged a hook-up fee which was an impact fee.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if there was a method to analyze that
and determine recovery of document transfer fees.        She asked if the
document transfer fee was paid by the purchaser or the seller.

Mr. Perez stated it was typically split 50/50 but negotiable.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to clearly define catch-up needs, so that
the Council could determine which tax to increase. She inquired if Staff had
the time to invest in polling and a campaign.

                                      16                         4/30/2011
