                                MINUTES
CalPERS experience study, and the medical plan at retirement. That was
factored in based on experience. He also considered Medicare eligibility
because when people were not eligible for Medicare there was a higher
premium.

Council Member Burt said that Items 5 through 8 totaled approximately $2.2
million in additional contributions that the City was making that were
changes from the Milliman method.

Mr. Bartel said that was correct.

Council Member Burt said there were three others, Items 1 through 3, that
Council recommended not adopting and they added up to $0.9 million. He
said that they adopted about 70 percent of Mr. Bartel’s recommendations, so
the assertion that they returned to the Milliman method was inaccurate.

Council Member Shepherd said there was a serious consideration that when
they did the actuarials again that they would have better information from
CalPERS. She said this was an irrevocable trust where the money went in
and they could not get it back out. The Finance Committee felt that with the
three items that affected the actuarial that year it was much more frugal for
them to review. They did not think that it stopped them from reversing their
considerations in a couple years.

Council Member Klein said there was a difference between the two
distinguished professionals, as was often the case that when two
professionals gave opinions. He said that they had choices on seven
different items and the Council was going one way on a majority of them
and the other way on three items. There was nothing wrong with that and
he felt it was appropriate that they distinguish between professional
opinions. He also pointed out that Palo Alto was not legally required to fund
the ARC; they had chosen to do so. Only a minority of cities had chosen to
do the same. He thought it was appropriate for Palo Alto to do so, but noted
they did not have to destroy the budget to fund it.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Schmid no, Espinosa absent

14.   Finance Committee Recommendation Regarding Adoption of Budget
      Amendment Ordinance Amending the Budget for Fiscal Year 2012 to
      Adjust Budgeted Revenues and Expenditures in Accordance with the
      Recommendations in the Midyear Report.

Chief Financial Officer, Lalo Perez said that Staff could not assume what the
outcome of the retiree medical portion that impacted the midyear was and
                                                                           Page 10 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
