                          DRAFT MINUTES
approve the LRFF. He asked if the benefits cost was a summation of the
increases in pension and healthcare costs.

Mr. Perez answered yes.

Council Member Klein asked if the LRFF included an increase in salaries and
if so, how much and for which employees.

Mr. Perez indicated the LRFF included a 2 percent salary increase for the
miscellaneous group starting in FY 2014. This group had not received a
salary increase since July 1, 2008. Not addressing that salary position could
result in the City not being able to attract employees. There was no
increase in FY 2013 and 2014 for Fire Fighters, but a 2 percent increase
beginning in FY 2015. There was no increase for Police Officers until FY
2016 when a 2 percent increase began. The LRFF assumed the same FTE
numbers, but that was not realistic based on the current numbers.

Council Member Klein asked what the numbers would be with no increase
rather than a 2 percent increase.

Mr. Perez would have to research that question.

Council Member Klein felt the unions had received an increase through the
cost of healthcare and pensions.

Mr. Perez reported the increase was for salary rather than total
compensation. Within the step program, employees at the top step received
salary increases, and employees at lower steps received salary increases by
advancing through the steps.

Council Member Klein inquired if there was an assumption for savings from
restructuring the Fire Department.

Mr. Perez indicated details would be presented to the FC and then to the
Council. There were efficiencies resulting from restructuring and minimum
staffing. Minimum staffing was a redeployment of the method for delivering
services. Because the majority of calls were for paramedic services, Staff
had included overtime funding for the second paramedic unit. There were
significant reductions in the Fire Department as a result of these changes.

Mr. Keene stated savings in FY 2013 were projected into subsequent years;
however, subsequent savings could increase throughout the LRFF.


                                                                        Page 14 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
