Mr. Emslie reported there was not enough time to perform the proper
groundwork for a November 2012 ballot measure.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the City could have a Utility Users Tax for
either businesses or residences.

Mr. Perez stated Staff would have to review that, because he was unsure of
the implications.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if Staff had communicated with
stakeholders at the Chamber of Commerce level and the business level
regarding possibilities for increasing revenue. She felt a tax elevated the
way the government worked and the way services were delivered. The IBRC
report indicated the services in which the City was deficient.

Council Member Burt asked if the surface category excluded the increase for
street maintenance and replacement begun two years ago.

Mr. Sartor reported the surface category did not include the annual
maintenance program. The surface category for catch-up included about
$3.7 million in sidewalk repairs, medians and other surface amenities.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the ten-year program eliminated the
deficit in funding for keep-up and catch-up of streets.

Mr. Sartor answered yes.

Council Member Burt reported libraries would fall under catch-up, keep-up,
and new projects, but they would come off those lists as the libraries came
online. Streets would fall under catch-up and keep-up, but that had been
funded over a ten-year period and would be accomplished. The presentation
should include that. Those two projects did not belong in the same category
as going forward problems, but Staff should acknowledge them. If the
PAUSD took back a major portion of Cubberley lands, then the City probably
would not spend these dollars under catch-up for Cubberley. Instead, the
City would have to spend more dollars for major or new projects that were
either at the Cubberley site or for functions being provided at the Cubberley
site. The presentation should note that. The category “new projects”
implied to the community that these were new things that the Council
wanted to add. Most of them were not new. If the MSC were repaired
piecemeal, it would be keep-up and catch-up. Instead, Staff had chosen to
designate it as one project and placed it under “new projects.” That term
was misleading, and these projects should be categorized in ways the public
understood. He asked what triggered an impact fee.


                                     17                           4/30/2011
