                               MINUTES
whether the Applicant had done enough so that the Council could give them
a level of confidence that the project would be approved. At that point she
understood that the City was in between Comprehensive Plans and it
seemed that Council approved the project in 2006, then there was a lawsuit
and returned in the current form. She asked if it was the same project in
2006.

Mr. Williams said yes.

Council Member Shepherd said she supported the Motion but was
disappointed that the Council was not giving more assurance that the project
would be accepted on June 25, 2012. She thought the project represented a
vast improvement over what was currently at the site. She said it was such
a substantive change that it might be difficult to transition into and she was
concerned about that.

Council Member Burt made a point of order. He clarified the intent of the
Motion, which was slightly different than what the City Attorney described.
His understanding of the Amendment was that the Council was not
conveying an intention to approve. It was a willingness to evaluate approval
on June 25, 2012, contingent on the Applicant addressing the issues raised
by the Council that evening.

Vice Mayor Scharff thought that legally it was basically what the City
Attorney suggested originally, which was that it should be continued to a
date certain. He thought if a Council Member was not going to vote for the
project under any circumstances then they should vote against the Motion.

Council Member Burt agreed, but stated that was not an intention to
approve, it was a willingness to consider approval on that date. He said that
he was truly open to considering approval on that date based upon how the
Applicant returns. That did not indicate he determined an intention.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed.

Council Member Shepherd thought the project design had been through
much iteration and her concern was this would not necessarily improve the
project. She asked Mr. Williams what his opinion was of substantive change.

Mr. Williams said he understood the difference between small adjustments
versus substantially addressing it. It meant not just addressing articulation
of the walls, it meant truly having places where there were openings created
that did not currently exist or open spaces that were provided that were
indentations from the sidewalk as opposed to further articulation of the
building. He said that what it did not mean was breaking the project into
                                                                        Page 40 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
