                               MINUTES
Request for Quotation (RFQ) or Request for Proposal (RFP) process to hire a
vendor to analyze the specific types of facilities for these locations and
provide market information; 2) outline potential Zoning and other Ordinance
amendments and incentives; and, 3) return to the Council within six months
with information from the consultant and Staff to consider the specifics.
These antennas were generally 100-125 feet tall and would require
considerable visual analysis. Crown Castle Communications had contracted
previously with the Utility Department, and had performed some analysis of
the potential service areas and possible required heights. Mr. Tanczos was
an expert and could answer questions concerning the state of the industry
and alternative technologies.

David Tanczos, Crown Castle Communications discussed options to
accommodate growth in wireless, voice, data, and video services with
various infrastructure solutions. The two main variables in wireless coverage
were antenna center line and power output at the antenna. Small cells had
a low center line, low power, and more sites. Small cells were a good
solution, and were growing in popularity. His company commissioned a
detailed drive of every road in Palo Alto, accumulated the data for all
carriers, and used that data to assemble the report. The data suggested
190 locations for small cells within the City of Palo Alto where at least two
carriers had a need for coverage. That did not address capacity need. More
capacity was needed than those 190 locations could provide. The DAS
system consisted of interconnected nodes on utility poles or other short
structures, interconnected by fiber to a hub. If a community did not want to
consider a small cell solution, the other end of the spectrum was towers only
and the minimum number of towers. With three substations, Palo Alto
would be blanketed with coverage. The drawback was the height of towers;
East Meadow would be 225 feet tall, Hanover 280 feet tall, and Hopkins 225
feet tall, all well above the current zoning restriction. This solution would
not handle all the capacity needs of Palo Alto, but technically it would
provide good blanket coverage to the entire City. It had high center lines,
high power, and fewer sites. The last option worth considering and the
apparent direction of overall network architecture was the hybrid or
heterogeneous networks (HetNets), which was a combination of macro cells
and small cells working together in a single network architecture. Where
macro cells were possible and feasible, they were the most cost effective
method to provide coverage and capacity to the community. Macro cells
could be located on towers or roof tops. At the fringes of coverage areas,
small cells could be used to augment capacity. Small cells could be placed
where macro cells were not feasible or in hotspots for capacity needs. The
hybrid solution was a combination of medium-height towers at higher power
and low-height, low power DAS nodes or other small cells. The exact
heights of the towers would have to be field tested. This was multi-carrier


06/25/2012                                                             111-96
