                               MINUTES
Matadero Creek pathway and he inquired whether Staff had worked with
Caltrans to ensure it would be pedestrian friendly.

Mr. Rodriquez explained the work to widen Highway 101 included
improvements to the undercrossing. As part of the trail project, Staff
proposed building the shorter segment of Matadero Creek trail; however, the
feasibility study would include the trail through the undercrossing to Alma
Street.

Council Member Schmid asked if Staff had communicated with Caltrans to
ensure its awareness of the future pathway.

Mr. Rodriquez indicated Staff had communicated with Caltrans as part of the
development of the Adobe Creek-Highway 101 bridge.

Council Member Price asked if these projects would enhance the City's ability
to seek additional funding for the Safe Routes to School program.

Mr. Rodriquez answered yes. The proposed projects provided access to
Stanford residents and community facilities.

Allyn Taylor, a Stanford campus resident, called attention to the contract
regarding mitigation of the adverse recreational effect imposed on the
campus, homeowners, and facility users. The point of the agreement was in
large part that any projects should be contiguous to the campus. Campus
residents had discussed possible projects and wanted to work with
surrounding communities. She feared projects would be focused away from
campus homeowners. Campus homeowners supported the program as
outlined.   She recommended the Council approve the proposal to the
County.

Omar Chatty stated the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) could tie into the
bike trails. Completing BART routes would lock out High Speed Rail. Finally,
money was being proposed for the right purpose and right need. The
projects would tie into a bike path along the BART right of way. This
proposal was nice, and he hoped to tie it into the regional opportunity.

Herb Borock indicated the scheduling of the grant proposal affected public
input and Council discussion. For this type of grant, the Council should
decide on the content of the application. The Council should know the
portion of each project funded by the proposal. Having a separate hiking
trail directly into Foothills Park from the Stanford campus would not be
expensive and would be consistent with County programs in the County's
General Plan. Timing of the application process was designed to limit the
opportunity for review of the application. Funds for the Matadero Creek trail
                                                                       Page 16 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
