    Mayor Yeh stated the meeting would turn to Council questions for Staff
    based on the presentation. He proposed to Colleagues that they work
    through each number sequentially. He asked for questions related to the
    East Meadow/Fabian/West Bayshore area.

    Council Member Shepherd asked if Staff was allowing schools and daycares
    to locate in this area if they had a CUP.

    Mr. Williams replied the P&TC recommended private schools with a CUP be
    allowed to locate in the areas shown as Research/Office (RO), but not
    daycare.

    Council Member Shepherd inquired why daycare was omitted.

    Mr. Williams thought they were omitted because of the younger age of the
    children and their proximity to industrial uses.

    Council Member Shepherd asked if it would be considered for one of the
    properties abutting the residences, because the residences had children.

    Mr. Williams thought it was still part of the fabric of the Research and Office
    and Industrial type of uses, and the concern was businesses were reluctant
    to move forward with expansion or other development plans because there
    was a potential for objection from the daycare facility or school. He thought
    that was a theme that permeated this Plan in the various subareas.

    Council Member Shepherd understood that, but she wanted to understand
    what the break off was as she wasn't on the Council at the time they
    obtained that. She indicated she would probably ask the same question for
    subareas A, B and C.

    Mr. Williams stated subareas A, B and C were probably not as sensitive;
    although, those uses were present. He thought the bigger problem was the
    small lot size and shorter distances between the streets to try to locate a
    school or daycare with the circulation required and traffic access. He
    indicated it was a policy decision. He explained Staff would do it through a
    Use Permit, so anyone who applied would be analyzed on its own and would
    have to conduct a traffic study and would have an appeal process.

    Council Member Shepherd asked if the traffic study would indicate the
    square footage and ratio the Council would consider in all areas or just the
    Charleston subarea.




                                     7                   February 13, 2012 
 
