Council Member Espinosa asked if that process was taking four months or
1 1/2 years.

Ms. Alvarado indicated due diligence typically required 90 days; however,
this one could be longer because they had to rely on the SHIPO to be
timely. She explained they typically marketed the property for 90 days,
and after that it was probably another 30 days to review qualifications, and
probably two weeks to 30 days for a best and final offer. She reiterated
finding a qualified buyer and an acceptable location were challenges. She
indicated they had to satisfy operational folks, which might be even more
difficult.

Council Member Espinosa inquired where in the sales process did they
return to Council or work with Staff to resolve issues. He asked if there
were other public meetings. He wanted to understand when the Council
would participate in the process.

Mr. Wigdell stated as the process unfolded, the asset manager became
involved, due diligence occurred, and the property went on the market,
and he wouldn't keep the City Council in the dark. He said there wasn't a
specific timeframe when they would return to the Council, but if necessary
they would. He indicated there was no requirement for an additional public
meeting according to the CFR, but they would keep the Council informed as
things proceeded.

Council Member Espinosa inquired if any of the other sites had plans for
change.

Ms. Alvarado answered no. She explained delivery from Menlo Park would
probably go into the Palo Alto main office.

Council Member Schmid was concerned about how much time potential
buyers would have to assess the value of the property once it went on the
market.

Ms. Alvarado stated approximately 90 days.

Council Member Schmid asked if they knew what the earthquake rating of
the building was and, if someone was interested in remodeling the interior,
were there constraints because of earthquake standards.

Ms. Alvarado didn't know, but imagined they would have to follow Code.

Council Member Schmid confirmed she couldn't say anything about the
existing building structure. In terms of the value of the property, he


                                     12                          02/21/2012
