                                MINUTES

Owen Byrd stated the issue was permanent parking. He agreed with Mr.
Langdon's comments regarding residential parking permits. He had no
economic, moral, or political right to the space in front of his house. He
encouraged the Council to remove from the list of public benefits any
financial contribution towards a study of residential permit parking. This
project was over-parked. He urged the Council not to include funding for a
permit parking program, and to reduce the amount of parking onsite. This
would help fulfill the goal of changing transportation patterns. He noted the
Chamber of Commerce was a Section 501(c)(6) organization and would be
prohibited from occupying space in the project under a restriction to Section
501(c)(3) organizations.

Public hearing closed at 11:23 P.M.

Jim Baer, Applicant had been involved in seven or eight PC projects in
Downtown, and they were not highly controversial. He appreciated Mr.
Borock's comment that the building had to contain some onsite public
benefit in its character. This site was a landmark, gateway corner. The
same had happened for 250 University, 531 Cowper, and 499 University.
Many of these were constructed in an environment where the Urban Design
Guidelines indicated certain locations needed mass to create anchors and
scale and public spaces for community use of those spaces. They chose a
building of this size not only because of the transit orientation, but also
because its visibility in this location was powerful. The Comprehensive Plan
and Urban Design Guidelines were filled with recommendations for doing the
same thing.     He wanted to reply positively to Mr. Borock's comment
regarding conditioning the building permit on a parking program. That was
an acceptable program. A residential parking permit program should be
completed in six to nine months, and a building permit would require one
and a half years to obtain. He asked for the Council's support, and asked
the Council to provide specific changes and improvements it wanted.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the project was a public benefit in itself. This was the
premier transit-oriented site, and having an office building of this nature was
a public benefit. The list of public benefits was good, but some items
needed to be modified.       The project would not exacerbate Downtown
parking, but neither would it improve parking. He agreed with Council
Member Holman that the non-profit space should be for the life of the
project. He also agreed with Mayor Yeh's comments concerning penalties for
not achieving TDM goals.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to: 1)
approve a Planned Community Zone District ordinance rezoning the subject
                                                                          Page 23 of 34
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/14/12
