                          DRAFT MINUTES

James Keene, City Manager noted the Council had the ability to modify the
language. He suggested the Council excise certain language and adopt the
remaining portions.

Mayor Yeh wanted further discussions to understand the implications of Item
No. 1. He understood the City Manager's suggestion to be a Motion for
approval of all language except Item No. 1.

Mr. Keene was not making a recommendation. The change from existing
policy was the addition of the underlined language, which was made at the
suggestion of the Parks and Recreation Commission.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Schmid, Yeh yes

Council Member Burt indicated the purpose of the language was to address
people remaining in those areas. He was not sure of the appropriate
language to distinguish between people walking through public facilities. He
asked if Staff had any recommended language to address his concern.

Mr. Betts indicated this was consistent with current rules for City parks. The
intent was to have defined hours for the safety of the public.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to strike the words “enter or” in Rule Number 1:
No person other than authorized City staff or other persons specifically
authorized by City staff shall enter or remain in the covered facilities,
including courtyards, doorways and walkways, after posted closing hours.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

13.   PUBLIC HEARING:        to Hear Objections to the Levy of Proposed
      Assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement
      District and Adoption of a Resolution 9246 entitled “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Confirming the Report of the Advisory
      Board and Levying Assessment for Fiscal Year 2013 on the Downtown
      Palo Alto Business Improvement District”.

Council Member Shepherd advised she would not be participating in this
Item as her husband had a lease in the Business Improvement District
(BID).

                                                                          Page 9 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
