                                MINUTES
work. Most younger people who were service oriented wanted to work for
nonprofits where they could immediately be hands on with a clear mission.

Council Member Schmid appreciated the data that compared global and city
governments with the private sector. He thought it was striking how well
Palo Alto had done. The City was a model for the country. He noted the
private sector wanted more participation from employees on all levels and
afforded more mobility related to pensions. He saw three critical issues to
address. First was the issue of risk. The City was in a situation where the
State set the rules and the local communities bore the entire risk. This
meant that State Assembly Members, State Senators, the legislative
committees in Sacramento, and the Chief Aides needed to be critical
participants in the discussion and needed to work with the City. The second
issue was that the cities had regressive income streams. The City’s two
major revenue sources were property tax and sales tax. Property taxes
were capped by Proposition 13. Pensions and benefits were service oriented
and grew faster than tax revenue. He asked which revenue sources should
be dedicated to pensions and benefits. The third critical issue was the age
structure of the City’s workforce. More than half of the workforce was 10
years from retirement, which was unsustainable. He asked where the young
people were and if the retirement age structure would level out.

Ms. Shen said the City bore the brunt of the risk. She liked Council Member
Schmid’s idea to invite State legislators to the discussion and indicated Staff
would look at revenue sources. She felt the City could also do a better job
of recruiting and attracting young professionals. Because the City always
received large numbers of applicants it had usually been passive in terms of
recruiting, but that could change. The City could partner with universities.
The intern program was very active with 30 to 35 interns per summer. They
wanted to increase the program and capture interns as hires when they
graduated.

Council Member Burt said the coauthors of the colleague’s memorandum
wanted several things in the evening’s meeting that they had not yet heard.
Specifically they wanted to know the boundaries of the discussion. Of the
various forms that could be considered he asked what was allowed by law
and what was outside of the current legal alternatives. He also asked what
changes needed to occur if the City wanted to look at those alternatives. He
wanted that summary at the beginning of the next meeting to the extent
possible. Second they wanted to know what the rules were within the
current CalPERS system and employee laws. Because of previous closed
session labor negotiations Council Members understood the laws were
complicated. They saw the meetings as an opportunity for the public and
employees to understand what existed in those structures both in and
                                                                         Page 13 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/15/12
