                                 MINUTES
Council Member Klein did not believe improving infrastructure would be an
acceptable Priority. As Mr. Keene noted, the process had flexibility.

Council Member Burt noted the Council had adopted Priorities that became
core values. The Council may want to have both Priorities and core values.
From a process standpoint, the proposal was a bit too rigid. Suggestions
brought up late in the process might not be considered. He suggested the
Council provide feedback on the proposal and the Committee incorporate
those comments.        He wanted a stronger definition of Priority and
consideration of long-term core values.

Council Member Espinosa would support a Council recommendation for the
Committee to consider Council comments.

Council Member Schmid interpreted the definition to have some institutional
impact on the business of the City. Emergency preparedness and youth
well-being were Council Priorities in the previous year, and the Council made
institutional changes in both those areas. They were not lost as core values,
rather the Council did something unusual and significant that had a lasting
impact.

Council Member Shepherd agreed with returning the proposal to the
Committee for refinement, but the concept of a goal being a core value
should be addressed.

Mayor Yeh favored the proposed guidelines. The process would be iterative
and would need refinement. Because they were guidelines, the process
would be flexible. The language should incorporate the terms institutionalize
or completion. He supported the three-year time limit as an empirical
number; however, the City Council could have new Council Members every
two years. Each new City Council would want to consider the Council's
Priorities.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid
to approve the priority setting guidelines:
1. Approve the definition of a Council Priority as “A Council priority is defined
   as a topic that will receive particular, unusual and significant attention
   during the year.”
2. Three months in advance of the annual Council Retreat, staff will solicit
   input from the City Council on the priorities to be reviewed and
   considered for the following year.
   a. Council Members may submit up to three priorities.
   b. Priorities must be submitted no later than December 1.
   c. As applicable, the City Manager will contact newly elected officials for
                                                                          Page 19 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 10/1/12
