Council Member Holman said that it was “and” so if it was to explore those,
that was not how she read it. She said that she had missed it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT
OF THE MAKER AND THE SECONDER to explore other public benefits
beyond parking and housing.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated that as a point of clarification, it said “to request
Staff to meet with the Applicant to discuss the means to reduce the amount of
onsite affordable housing.” He asked for confirmation that by doing away with
the fifth floor, the Council eliminated onsite affordable housing. He said that
he thought it should say, “to request staff to meet with the Applicant” and
indicate that the housing was been eliminated.

Council Member Klein said yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that it should say “to eliminate the housing
component,” instead of “to reduce the amount of onsite affordable.”

Council Member Espinosa said that the changes he wanted to make to the
Substitute Motion had all either been addressed or were not relevant any
longer. He said that he understood the “penthouse” issue in general, but
needed to clarify his thinking as the housing option was eliminated. He said
that he liked that even in expensive areas of town they had focused on the
integration of affordable housing projects and BMR projects. He said that as
they increasingly thought of higher density around the transit hubs in
downtown they may have other expensive buildings which would call for high
rents. He said that he needed additional information moving forward on how
to reconcile that.

Council Member Shepherd said she thought this was a very new project. She
asked if the 35 foot height limit at 335 Alma was now changed to 50 feet.

Mr. Williams said that did not happen until the Council changed the zoning.
He said that the Comprehensive Plan designation did not determine the
height.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Applicant could build a building inside
all the prescriptions Council made, what obligation was there to make any
kind of contribution for parking and resolving the neighborhood issues. She
asked if they could self-park all of their parking spots, possibly without a
management team, what could come back. She asked if the Applicant could
come back without asking the project to be a PC.


                                  49                    March 12, 2012
