                                MINUTES
addressed in Palo Alto. She wanted Staff to look at that as part of the
solution. She asked why the overnight parking restriction was no longer in
effect. When she moved to the City in 1975 you could not park on the street
overnight. She wondered if it was imposed again if it would force people to
use their driveways.

Mr. Williams said he did not know the background, but he knew as far as the
RPP that was not a problem.

Council Member Holman said she understood, but it was a little piece
because people said that others had converted their driveways as well as
their garages to other uses. That was a way to perhaps make people use
their driveways again for the intended purpose. She did not have any
evidence that there was outreach to the business community to see what
the workers behavior was as a response to a RPP if the City moved forward.
That was important. She asked if Staff could return in six months with a
new and improved pilot that was better informed.

Mr. Williams said that if that was Council’s request Staff would
accommodate. He felt the recommendation would be more informed in six
months’ time.

Council Member Holman was interested in moving forward with something
but what the Council had before them currently was ill defined and did not
contain broad enough input. She thought six months was a good time frame
to ask Staff to return with a plan.

Mr. Keene said that Council’s directive needed to be clear about what
additional information Council wanted so that Staff was able to respond.

Council Member Price was inclined to go ahead with the trial on the RPP
because she thought they needed additional information regarding the
parameters that were laid out. She thought if they said after all the months
of work that further study was needed she was not sure that would move
the City forward in addressing the stated problem. She appreciated Staff’s
comments and the discourse on the additional studies and hoped that when
those came back that there was some sense of the cost and the relative
priority. She was not asking for an answer immediately but based on what
other communities had done she wanted to know which elements could yield
information that could be used in concert with a potential RPP.             She
appreciated the comments regarding best practices and asked if the draft in
Attachment H which had preliminary guidelines was based on an extension
of what was in the Staff report, or if Staff looked at guidelines or equivalents
that were used successfully in other communities.
                                                                          Page 34 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
