                         DRAFT MINUTES
and aggressive pursuit of those projects over a specific time would be the
basis of the Economic Development Plan, but that had gone in a different
direction. Understanding the numbers and specific projects combined with
the LRFF would help the City move forward.

Mr. Perez agreed with Council Member Espinosa, and stated that would be
the next step. For the Council to have a broader discussion, Staff would
need to supply more information. Staff would provide options and paths to
consider in closing structural deficits. Unfortunately, that would not be
ready for the current Budget discussions, because the drivers were the Cost
of Service Study and the Utility Organization Review.

Council Member Espinosa explained eliminating 15 positions did not mean 15
less people were needed. As more staffing changes happened, he wanted to
ensure a conversation regarding flexibility in reassigning employees
occurred, and that Staff received the support they needed.

Mr. Keene said being adaptive to the needs of the present and future and
providing more opportunities within the organization for employees to do
new things were key parts of productivity improvements; but staffing
transitions required time.

Mr. Perez reported a base model cumulative deficit from FY 2010 through FY
2012 of $147.4 million, from FY 2011 through FY 2021 $98.4 million, and
tonight's deficit of $88.2 million. The chart demonstrating the split in
current employee and retiree healthcare costs was in the Budget and would
carry forward to the LRFF.

Mayor Yeh stated the cumulative numbers were essential to highlighting the
Council's past actions in reducing deficits.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to accept the Long Range Financial Forecast.

Council Member Klein felt it would be a serious error to adopt the original
Motion. The LRFF was not a plan. The Council had discussed some
assumptions in the LRFF, but there were many more. If the Council adopted
the original Motion, the public would perceive it as a Long Range Plan. The
LRFF was not intended to be a finished product or a plan, but the Council
was trying to convert it to a plan. The Council could use the LRFF to make
decisions, but the decisions would be made in the budget process.



                                                                      Page 21 of 28
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
