Council Member Shepherd stated this was one of the most momentous
projects that Palo Alto had to review in order to understand where to put
units and rezone projects.        She was shocked that Contra Costa
Transportation Authority spent $25,000 and issued the letter, while the
VTA had walked away from the topic. She inquired if the RHMC could ask
VTA to reconsider the topic and provide the letter from Contra Costa. She
wanted to understand why the VTA would walk away from this so quickly
when others were taking it seriously.

Mr. Williams thought VTA had sympathy with some of these positions, but
hadn't chosen to be the county-wide representative for the cities. He felt
they had left that to planning organizations and the Cities Association. He
noted the VTA had focused on transportation grant criteria, and had made
some good comments about the Complete Streets issue. He understood
their latest response to this would comment on the Housing Element, even
though it would be fourth or fifth on their list of priorities.

Council Member Shepherd stated this was a completely different angle
from the Contra Costa Transportation Authority. She thought the VTA
should be charged with something besides telling cities they were on their
own. She said hiring a consultant was a huge step for the City to make, let
alone a transportation agency. She was not sure what the City was
measuring. She saw the SCS measurements, but was not sure they
explained Palo Alto's historical experience. She stated the Bay Area plan
had bicycle commutes at barely 1 percent, when Palo Alto was at 7 1/2
percent and hoped to get more. She asked if this was a gift to this
process, so that Palo Alto's baseline would start higher than another city.
She asked if there was a starting point where they could make one of these
measurements.

Mr. Williams stated if the City were allowed to draft a suggested plan to be
a part of that solution, then it could make some inroads. He felt that ABAG
had not looked at cities specifically; they were looking at a bigger picture.
He indicated ABAG was not listening to comments about unrealistic
development. He knew this was a large project for ABAG and they were
fighting staff cutbacks. At a meeting with planning directors in the region
and the ABAG director, he had suggested ABAG meet with every planning
director of every city to understand the particulars for that city. He
indicated ABAG's was willing to meet with a county group of directors.

Council Member Burt extended his appreciation to Staff for making a strong
analysis and critique of the fallacies in the proposal. He also appreciated
the statement that ABAG was not terribly interested in individual cities. He
thought the Council needed to include in its arguments the positive things
the City was doing and how the City was embracing the fundamental

                                      27                          02/21/2012
