                               MINUTES
whether that area could be leased.

Mr. Perez indicated the print shop was now a smaller area, and it could be
relocated.

Council Member Burt asked if the print shop had decreased in size to provide
space on an interim basis for the Police Department.

Mr. Perez stated the Council had discussed it, but had not done that.

Council Member Burt noted the Police facility currently occupied
approximately 22,000 square feet, and inquired how much space Fire
Administration occupied in City Hall.

Mr. Sartor stated Fire Administration including the Fire Marshal and
inspectors occupied almost 40 percent of the sixth floor. The Fire Marshal
and Staff would relocate to the second floor of the Development Center.

Council Member Burt believed the Police Department space at City Hall could
be leased, but the Fire Administration probably could not be leased.
Relocating the Police Department and Fire Administration from City Hall
created space and reduced expenses. He asked whether the City had held
preliminary discussions with neighboring communities regarding a 911 and
EOC center.

Mr. Keene responded yes. The Police Chief considered a virtual dispatch
consolidation, which was more of a shared technology platform. Some
conversations among Palo Alto, Mountain View, Los Altos, and Sunnyvale
had occurred regarding opportunities for a brick and mortar consolidation.

Council Member Burt understood the primary reason for those conversations
was to reduce costs through efficiencies of combining those functions. A
secondary benefit could be a reduced need for space in the new Public
Safety Building; however, the study indicated no secondary benefit. The
size of the building would be reduced, but the cost of a shared 911 and EOC
facility would be comparable to the City continuing to provide those services.

Mr. Ross reported the study did not consider operational costs. Savings
would result from shared staff, administration and operational efficiencies.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff insert a placeholder for savings from
shared services. The Council assumed there would be a net operating
reduction. He inquired whether Staff had considered using the mezzanine
for storage.
                                                                         Page 7 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/13/12
