Herb Borock spoke regarding High Speed Rail. He said that last week the
House of Representatives Committee on Transportation Infrastructure
marked up bill H.R. 7, which was the authorization bill for transportation.
The Committee adopted an amendment by Representative Denham of
California to prohibit use of funds for California High Speed Rail. He said
that the VTA was not on the agenda but that the VTA did a survey and found
that it was mainly used and needed by poor people or by people who do not
have alternative means of transportation. At the time the VTA created the
522, they called it bus rapid transit. He was unsure which population they
are designing bus rapid transit for and expressed interest for it being on a
future agenda and open for discussion.

Jeff Brown of 660 Lincoln Avenue, Palo Alto, stated that he had intended to
speak in favor of the implementation of the Staff recommendations for
Measure E, but realized that he could not stay for that part of the meeting.

Rita Morgin stated that she is a gardener at the Palo Alto Main Community
Garden. She expressed concern about the rescheduling of the Council’s
agenda as to the proposed road though the garden to connect the Art Center
and the main library. She stated the road was a bad idea as it does not
solve any problem.

Consent Calendar

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve Agenda Item Nos. 2-10.

2.   Resolution 9224 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Setting Council Vacation for 2012”.

3.   Ordinance 5140 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving and Adopting a Plan for Improvement to Juana Briones
     Park and Authorizing the Additon of a Park Restroom Located Adjacent
     to Fire Station Number 5 and Clemo Avenue” (1st Reading January 23,
     2012 Passed 9-0).

4.   Ordinance 5142 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the Fiscal Year 2012 Budget in the Amount of $825,000
     and Approval of a Construction Contract with PAR Electrical
     Contractors, Inc. in the Amount of $1,512,636 to Rebuild a Portion of
     the 60kV Overhead Transmission System”.

5.   Approval of an agreement for Professional Services with SAIC Energy,
     Environment & Infrastructure, LLC in the amount of Two Hundred and

                                  3                    February 6, 2012
  
