present tonight's information again, but there would not be any new
information until an RFP was issued.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked what decisions the Policy & Services Committee
would make without new information, unless they would inform the content
of the RFP. He stated if the discussion was outsourcing, then it should be
brought to the full Council for a vote prior to a Finance Committee meeting.
He thought the RFP would be completed, Staff would provide the results of
the RFP, and the Council would review and vote on it. He said the Council
had to do that before budget discussions, because it would be hard for
Finance Committee to make a decision of such community import with four
Council Members. He wanted to hear a compelling reason for doing that;
otherwise, he could not support the Motion.

Council Member Klein stated neither subcommittee decided anything. He
viewed this as a matter of how the Council processed issues. He indicated
the purpose of having the Policy & Services Committee work with Staff on
this particular issue was to allow a more complete vetting of the issue, to
allow public input, and to provide a recommendation to the full Council. He
noted there was another factor: a significant overlap between the two
subcommittees.       Policy decisions had financial implications; financial
decisions had policy implications. He thought it made sense for the Policy &
Services Committee to go forward given the time limitations, and felt the
issue came down to policy rather than finances. He thought there was a
significant role in vetting and public participation in having the committee
reviews it.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Klein's comments.
She stated one of the purposes would be to provide additional input into the
RFP process. She thought this case was indicative of policy determining how
the Council saved or spent money, as opposed to how the Council spent
money to determine policy. She said this was a prime example of how the
Policy & Services Committee should vet this to provide a recommendation to
the Council.

Mr. Keene indicated the discussion should be parsing comparison between
current services and outsourced services, and adding in the services not
provided by outsourcing. He felt Staff could provide the incremental costs of
that, which informed the policy discussion.        Staff could provide that
information in the short timeframe that would help inform the public vetting
process of the Committee.

Council Member Shepherd inquired when the Council could discuss subsidies
of services. She was not sure if that would stop once the Policy & Services
                                  31                    March 26, 2012
