                                 MINUTES
number of the Golf Course Advisory Committee Members looked at the pro
forma and were concerned about it.

Craig Allen, Palo Alto Golf Club President, said he had been a resident of Palo
Alto since 1969. The Palo Alto Golf Club consisted of over 350 golfers, both
men and woman, who played the course and were very interested in the
upcoming decision on the changes proposed for the course. The Club’s
Board of Directors voted in favor of Option D for the course primarily out of
concern for the financial risks involved. If the Council chose Option G he
asked them to look at the disproportionate share of the revenue costs which
would rest on the golfers. He thought it was inappropriate to ask the golfers
to pay for athletic fields and the Council needed to find another way to do
that. Second, he asked that Council ensure the project was completed in a
timely manner because a closed golf course did not generate revenue.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to direct Staff to: 1) pursue Golf Course redesign Option G, which adds
space for up to three full-size athletic fields and re-configures the entire Golf
Course for the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course to mitigate impacts from the
San Francisquito Creek realignment project, and; 2) authorize the City
Manager to negotiate an amended contract with Golf Course Architect
Forrest Richardson & Associates to complete said design and environmental
impact analysis for up to $336,835.00 (in order to pursue the final designs
for the Golf Course).

Council Member Burt said this was a great opportunity and that all change
had uncertainties associated with it. When they looked at the analysis and
the credibility of the NGF they said that Option G was a very sound
alternative that would significantly increase revenue over the other
alternatives. The revenue was not a tax on golfers. He said that they had
heard that built into the proposal was the prerogative to have subsidies for
resident players and resident seniors. He said that the overwhelming
majority of rounds on the golf course were not paid by residents. So if the
market based payment was paid by nonresidents then they were the ones
who would pay for the changes. It was the market that would use the
project as was said by the two consultants. He said that they had five
“wins” on the horizon. Not only did the City receive the critical flood
protection that they were partnering with the JPA on, they had also heard
that the course would be very exciting, it had the strongest economic model
and the independent consultant has said that this was the best return, the
lands had the opportunity for needed playing fields for the community’s
current needs and for the growth they had on the horizon. The fifth one was
the environmental win. The current course was a long, flat, turf course. It
would be turned into an exciting course that had natural habitat and would
                                                                          Page 25 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
