    the hospital; today children, their siblings and parents stay at the House for
    many months. She explained the wait list expanded six years ago to the
    point that an expansion was necessary; therefore, they began the process
    of evaluating and planning for growth.         She stated the wait list had
    continued to grow from 15 to 20 families to 30 to 40 families a night being
    turned away to hotels and waiting rooms. She indicated growing demand
    and needs determined expansion was critical to provide housing for
    desperately ill kids and their families. Not only was Ronald McDonald House
    the best equipped to support the families and assist them, but also
    instrumental in mitigating the impact of these families on the community.
    She noted the House provided a shuttle service to and from the hospital,
    marketing, and clothing shopping. She explained families arrived at Ronald
    McDonald House in May only to realize in October they would need winter
    clothing, and they were there to respond to those needs. She reported the
    House, using its own minivans and volunteers, kept families safe, healthy
    and off the roads; provided a trusted environment where doctors could
    release their patients early, freeing up beds for another ill child; and
    partnered with the hospital to enrich the families' experience and hold the
    family safe during this transition. She explained the current and planned
    facilities were specifically designed to bring together families; offer them
    privacy; offer them an extremely high level of cleanliness that their
    immunosuppressed children needed; and to support them through their
    tumultuous stay.      She presented photos of the current building, the
    "pollywog" down to El Camino Real, and the building site. She noted it was
    a well-conceived building that tied into the current site. She reported the
    expansion would save $1 million a year in annual operating costs over the
    cost on a per-room basis of the current building, due to economies of scale.
    She indicated the expansion was an exceedingly efficient use of land with
    communal kitchens, communal dining rooms, play rooms, playgrounds,
    minimal office space, and entire housing pods which could be converted into
    immunosuppressed wings. She said hard work was going to trip abatement,
    because so many families were unable to bring cars due to financial
    constraints.

    Wei Wen Shau, Architect for Ronald McDonald House, presented a design
    solution for the needed expansion for the House. An aerial photograph
    indicated the most appropriate if not the best expansion of the house. He
    stated the proposed design continued the beauty and line from the existing
    House along Sand Hill Road to the London Plane Way to form a sense of
    urban street enclosures. He indicated both sides of Sand Hill Road would
    extend to a shopping center to the east. He noted there would be many
    functional spaces and a shared program between the new and existing
    facility. He said his first design concept would be to form a circulation
    spine, which would link both facilities through a so-called activities tree
    created by adjoining an existing outdoor meditation garden located under a
                                    40                  February 13, 2012 
 
