                      DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked if the Staff or the City Attorney
wanted to address any of the issues raised about environmental
process or risk.

Mr. Williams said Council was provided with a response and he
noted that the use was a permitted use in the zoning district. He
said it was not a conditional use, but there was the site and
design review available. That was the criterion that was the basis
of Council’s decision. He said that it was not a school and was
not subject to the State Department of Education requirements
for schools where there was occupancy all day long.              As
previously mentioned it did require licensing by the State
Department of Social Services.        He said that there was a
condition of approval that required the license be presented
before occupancy of the building. Staff knew that many similar
types of requirements were looked at by the Department of Social
Services and Licensing of daycare facilities. Staff had discussions
with them and was comfortable that the project was on a viable
site. He did not know if the State agencies would impose
additional conditions, but there did not appear to be significant
obstacles to approval. The site was not close to any substantial
toxic materials or storage. It was outside the various influence
zones of the airport and was for the most part adjacent to the
Baylands open space and parkland.            He said that it was
somewhat isolated from some of the more intense industrial uses
east of the freeway.      Some of the hazards that had been
mentioned were equally applicable to the people who used the
Baylands Park facilities or golf course. The improvements being
made were limited to interior tenant improvements and very
minor landscape and parking changes.           He said that Staff
believed CEQA exempted such use from analysis. He said that
CEQA did not say that daycare center needed to have
environmental review. In this case they believed that it fell into
the exemption for the reuse of an existing building. They did not
see significant changes to the environment caused by the facility
which was what CEQA required. The Fire Department reviewed
the site and determined that no environmental phase one report
                                                                   Page 28 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
