within six months. Staff's goal was to draft a proposal to achieve an
outcome in the most expeditious manner.

Council Member Burt felt the tasks set forth in the Motion could be
accomplished in that timeframe.

Council Member Price wanted to include language of a goal of six months or
less.

Council Member Klein supported the Motion. He asked why the amortization
report took nine months to reach the Council.

Ms. Stump indicated a variety of work was performed subsequent to receipt
of the initial draft, before Staff considered it final. The Council had a closed
session scheduled in December on this topic.

Council Member Klein stated the health and welfare of citizens was a
priority, but CPI was a valued member of the business community. He
recalled none of the amortizations in the 1980s were of this size. This
facility would not be approved today, and suggested CPI look for another
location. The real impact on the neighborhood's health and safety could not
be assumed. The Council had to weigh the risk, and an independent
consultant was crucial to determining the risk. CPI was not just a plating
shop; it produced products useful to society.

Council Member Schmid supported the Motion. The critical factor was CPI's
compliance with Title XIX, which removed some immediate pressure. That
was an indication that both CPI and the City were seriously considering
health and safety. There was a need for technical evaluation of standards
and hazardous material zoning. Public health and safety were critical
factors, and allowed the Council to focus on other land-use decisions.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Price regarding a
timeframe. She felt the Staff Report provided three options that were not
real because of legal considerations.

Vice Mayor Scharff expressed concerns about perceived risk and decreasing
home values. He noted the amortization schedule continued to run while the
process took place. While the process took time, the time was not lost.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Yeh Absent




                                      29                           04/23/2012
