                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid asked if it was on the maps in the Housing Element.

Mr. Williams indicated it was on the list of approved or pending projects. It
was shown as having the potential for 84 units, and would be reduced if a
smaller number was approved.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether it would remain on the housing
inventory if the Council did not approve the project.

Mr. Williams said that depended on the basis for the Council's decision. it
could be removed entirely or left in the inventory at some number of units.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the public would be allowed in the
interior courtyard if they purchased something from the café. The diagrams
indicated 2,400 s.f. while comments indicated 1,200 s.f. for the café. He
asked for a clarification of what would be offered.

Mr. Janz believed approximately 1,200 s.f. would be sufficient for a small
café. The applicant would commit to up to that number if it was required.
The public would be allowed in the inner courtyard, but would not be allowed
to spend the night there. This situation would probably need a sign
indicating it was private property, and it could be necessary to close it once
a year to maintain the private property status.

Vice Mayor Scharff was trying to understand the café issue in that the
applicant described it in a negative manner. He understood food would not
be prepared onsite, but wanted some assurance that the café would not be a
self-service cart.

Mr. Janz agreed with Vice Mayor Scharff's vision of the café. A Starbucks,
for example, would fit within the description and the space. The applicant
wanted a tenant that would be an amenity to the project and to the
neighborhood.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt outdoor tables and chairs were wonderful, and that
was shown in the pictures. He suggested the applicant provide details, such
as 1,200 s.f. and a rental rate of 50 percent or less of the market for retail
space, best efforts to obtain a café tenant, and provide outdoor seating.

Mr. Janz could commit to the details Vice Mayor Scharff suggested, except
the 50 percent or less rental rate. He did not know if that amount was
realistic. Bench seating was available inside the courtyard and along Park
Boulevard, and there would be tables and chairs with the café.



06/25/2012                                                              111-84
