                               MINUTES
the amount of parking, using synthetic turf for the soccer fields, and adding
restrooms and storage areas. Street trees, stairs and ramps, a wider
opening, and a short tunnel could make the Lytton underpass attractive,
accessible, and walkable. He proposed a dedicated bike route to connect to
and around the project area. The bike route was based on one used in
Copenhagen, Denmark.         Transit agencies liked the concept.          The
underutilized panhandle of the park could be swapped for a contiguous park
area. Swapping the land assumed the theatre building would be located
within the park. Potential retail locations could be used to create an active
pedestrian environment. Retail space could be successful in most locations,
but not in all locations. He proposed a walking promenade with tree-lined
streets to reach the theatre. The theatre forecourt had the capacity for 650
people.    Drop-off areas could be located on El Camino Real and the
extension of Quarry Road. Quarry Road needed green space on both sides
of the street; therefore, he proposed featuring the Olympic Grove and a
tree-lined boulevard walk. Because the Transit Center was the entryway to
Palo Alto, the concept had to be compatible and coherent with the existing
landscape of trees and tree-lined streets. Landscaping could provide safe
and attractive environments for pedestrians. Landscaping could be extended
along the edge of Caltrain tracks and trees used to create a plaza for bus
users.

Dan Garber, Fergus, Garber, and Young met with the ARB and P&TC and
received public comments. The major concerns were height of buildings and
mass of the footprint. The Master Plan lowered the allowable height. He
explained charts of building heights, building masses, and proposed office
buildings. The Hoover Tower was the tallest building at 285 feet. Channing
House was 123 feet tall without the roof screening. Six of the sixteen
buildings exceeded the allowable height. The ARB and P&TC requested a
comparison of building footprints. Palo Alto Square, the Palo Alto Medical
Foundation, the Sheraton and Westin Hotels, the Bing Concert Hall, the
Mountain View Center for Performing Arts/City Hall, and the Lucie Stern
Center were larger than or approximately equal to the size of the proposed
site. In response to comments, Mr. Arrillaga removed 52,000 square feet
from office buildings and reduced the height of the tallest office building by
47 feet. The theatre plan had not changed from the plan presented on
September 24, 2012. After discussion with TheatreWorks, the height of the
theatre fly tower had been reduced slightly. The P&TC requested the basis
for the floor area ratio (FAR). He suggested the basis utilize the lease areas
of the Transit Center, Red Cross, and MacArthur Park. Applying an FAR of 2,
the amount of allowable, buildable area for those three buildings was
358,602 square feet. The FAR calculation for the proposed buildings and
theatre totaled 210,300 square feet, or an FAR of 1.53. He presented
various images of the proposed buildings.
                                                                         Page 8 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/3/12
