    Council Member Shepherd wanted Staff to use current information since
    there had been quite a bit of development.

    Planning and Transportation Commissioner Dan Garber reported the series
    of conversations regarding this part of the City was complex, as there was
    not much activity and the P&TC wanted to see activity. He noted some
    overall observations that the Commission was struggling with. First of all,
    as was mentioned in your questions and observations, he explained the area
    had high traffic; it was one of the few places in Palo Alto that the car was
    the means for moving through that site.              There was little public
    transportation and it was not a walking neighborhood. He stated the further
    one moved to Highway 101 and Mountain View, the fewer opportunities
    there were for houses and walking to occur. He indicated the entire area
    was visually challenged, and there was no homogeneity of the sense of city
    or identity. He noted trying to find ways to bring that into the conversation
    to determine strategies was difficult. Finally, he said there was not any
    obvious underlying zoning strategy to this part of town; almost every zoning
    type could be found in this corner of Palo Alto, from residential to R&D to
    light industrial. He reported they were all there and sometimes they were
    back-to-back to each other. He noted it was very difficult to sort them out
    in a functional way so the map made sense. He reported there was a series
    of constraints that structured any set of solutions that might be imagined.
    First of all, he noted it was adjacent to Highway 101, which created a wall
    on the back side. He commented the adjacency to homes created a whole
    variety of things that could and could not be done on what would be the
    northwest side of all these parcels. He indicated there was a strong desire
    for the City not to create additional housing because of the lack of transit
    there, and the creation of more families that could not be served adequately
    by the infrastructure of the City. He said there was also a desire to support
    the historical use of much of the space for R&D, which was quickly drying up
    in the City and yet was part of the pride of what Palo Alto had been and
    continued to be a part. He stated the underlying problem that the Council
    had been addressing was no different from the one the Commission had
    been struggling with in its conversations as well, which was how to create
    change when there were very few levers to cause change. He said there
    were problems with the property sizes and how to get smaller properties to
    pull together to create larger properties that could actually influence density
    at one end of the spectrum. The areas of East Meadow/Fabian and West
    Bayshore were slightly easier in a sense, because the properties were larger
    and the Council could do more. He explained the transept of houses to
    Highway 101 allowed for things to be low in section and elevation against
    houses, then rise up moving closer to Highway 101. While mitigating the
    impacts of having that increased density, he said having the strong
    connection through Fabian Way and West Bayshore for automobiles kept
    that traffic away from the residential areas. He noted there is a certain
                                    23                   February 13, 2012 
 
