services. She thought the Postal Service needed an efficient building
Downtown, maybe a high-story building, and wasn't concerned if the Post
Office was demolished.

Muriel Gravina was reassured by the Council's comments, because she was
afraid it was a done deal. She noted one reason for the disposal of the
Hamilton Post Office was the sluggish economy. She stated the economy
goes in cycles and thought Silicon Valley's economy would rise. She
thought prices for property and rental space would continue to rise. She
asked what percentage of the $5.1 billion deficit was attributable to the
Post Office in Palo Alto. She felt Washington, D.C. would ignore local
history and needs. She indicated the national retail figures on page 3 were
again national and not local figures.

Stephanie Munoz stated the most encouraging thing she had heard all
evening was the possibility of the Post Office remaining at the current
location. She also had the impression that this was a done deal and the
Federal Government was going to sell this property. She indicated the
Postal Service was planning on selling a building which was built with
taxpayer dollars as it was a gift to the City of Palo Alto. She stated the
value of the property depended entirely on zoning. She indicated the
parking lot could be intensively developed.

Jean Bozman stated the building was finished in 1932 and dedicated by
Ogden Mills, Secretary of the Treasury. She noted a lot had changed in the
intervening years.    She indicated there were some benefits to being
grandfathered out of whatever happened in 1932. She said it was sad that
the building was constructed during the Great Depression and in the
current Great Recession it was being sold. She stated there were very real
monetary issues. She agreed with Council Member Burt's comments
regarding the dynamics of Palo Alto. She stated the building was unique,
located in the center of town, and an icon and symbol of Palo Alto's right-
sized architecture. She explained the scale, setbacks, landscaping and
classic design were emblematic of Palo Alto. She noted there was a lot to
recommend preserving it.

Robert Moss stated relocating Downtown would not save the Postal Service
money. He indicated a 3,500 square foot building located on the fringes of
Downtown would cost about $150,000 per year, so the Postal Service
would lose $50,000 a year. He explained the selling price would have to be
based on existing zoning; the Postal Service couldn't assume it would be
zoned anything other than PF. If the Postal Service remained in the
building and sold the remaining portions, he thought the City should
purchase it. He suggested the City move the Development Center there;
move Emergency Services, 911 or Public Safety there; or, utilize the
basement for Police Department storage and the upstairs for the

                                     17                         02/21/2012
