                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff stated the Council had a liaison for the Junior Museum
and Zoo.

Council Member Price explained the list of meetings for liaison attendance
was intended to be illustrative. The proposal was an attempt to increase
education and communication about youth issues. By having a liaison to
youth groups, elected individuals could develop relationships with youth in
the community. Related to Staff Reports, the proposal asked Staff to
comment on the implications of Council decisions for youth.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether a youth liaison would require additional
Staff time.

Mr. Keene understood the liaison position would have an impact on the
Council. Staff should include impacts on youth in the Staff Report when
appropriate. He did not foresee an impact for Staff on this particular matter.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the workload would be burdensome for the Council
Member appointed to the position.

Council Member Price indicated the liaison would identify emerging issues
and concerns. The Study Session was an opportunity for youth to discuss
concerns and issues affecting their lives. With regard to the Council meeting
conflicting with the Youth Council, the Council Member could perhaps arrive
late to the Council meeting after attending the Youth Council. The proposal
was not for mandatory attendance at each youth group meeting.

Council Member Holman felt the goals and actions could be more clearly
stated.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to continue the Item and ask the authors to return at the earliest
possible date with a revised Colleagues Memo better identifying the
problems/goals intended to be resolved/achieved and clarity on how those
would be achieved.

Council Member Holman stated the proposal identified a purpose but not a
problem. The proposal needed a clear framework so the Council could
understand the operations and functions of the liaison position.

Council Member Klein agreed with the impact statement. He suggested the
authors review the overlap of responsibilities. The responsibilities stated in
the proposal exceeded the usual role of a liaison. More importantly, youth
should be given more responsibility.

10/22/2012                                                     111-484
