Michel Adar indicated his home was built 12 years before CPI moved into the
neighborhood. At that time, the area was not part of Palo Alto, and there
were no regulations for hazardous materials. Because of the construction of
his home, he could not shelter in-place. Shelter in-place would not work
here, and the residents needed something better.

Mircea Voskerician stated CPI had no plan in place to handle an accident. It
was a mistake to approve the remodel in 2005. They needed to do
something to live in the community. Only CPI representatives would want to
live in the neighborhood with the current situation.

Jeff Dean did not believe the Council would allow a new plating shop to
operate near a residential area. He asked what value the facility provided
the community. He asked the Council to consider changing the zoning,
because CPI was an incompatible use.

Fred Balin stated when the accident occurred in 2006, residents of Barron
Park learned for the first time what was happening at CPI. The City of Palo
Alto never announced that it was a Title XIX site. The whole issue came up
in the context of performance standards. On the Fire Department issue, the
station on Hanover Street might be consolidated with Arastradero to have
one unit.

Council Member Burt felt consultants could play a role in the Council's
evaluation of options one and two. He had three general categories of
functions for an independent consultant in the City's employ. The first was
to identify any additional best practices. Second was an independent offsite
hazard assessment.        He suggested using three scenarios and two
methodologies to provide a range of results. The first scenario would be a
baseline, the second at Title XIX thresholds, and third was locating the
facility 300 feet from residences. The third category was to define levels of
hazardous materials and appropriate separation from residential areas. The
area had become a research park, and there were appropriate questions
regarding zoning and segregating incompatible uses. This facility appeared
to have exceptionally strong safety measures, but that did not mean it
should be adjacent to a residential area. The Council needed information to
make rational decisions concerning options one and two.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed the Council did not have enough information, but
felt the Council should initiate a Zoning Ordinance amendment to prohibit
plating shops without an appropriate separation from residential areas. A
consultant could provide the appropriate distance of separation. He did not
want to make a decision regarding implementation of an amortization.



                                     24                          04/23/2012
