MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to; 1) rollover the five Council Priorities; and 2) refer to Policy and
Services Committee to review the definition of Council Priorities and
recommend to Council any changes to the priority setting process.

Council Member Schmid said updating the Housing Element, the
Comprehensive Plan, and Infrastructure were three issues that needed to be
addressed, which would bring the total to eight Priorities for 2012.

Council Member Burt stated that the Council needed to decide which
Priorities to keep and/or to make Infrastructure as Priority 1 or 2.

Council Member Holman proposed to make Healthy Community as a Priority.
She spoke of a worldwide program that started in Europe and involved
community participation.    She provided a handout that outlined the
program, which encompassed more than Project Safety Net (PSN) and Youth
Wellbeing elements. She said a Healthy Community Priority would focus on
the quality of life, community values, and a movement to a healthy and
prosperous community.

Council Member Shepherd stated the categories in setting priorities were too
general and needed more detailed description. She said P&S could better
define each Priority, focus, and set goals. This would allow the Council to
speak to the issues and to clearly relate and have people understand what
was being accomplished.

Vice Mayor Scharff recommended Infrastructure as a 2012 Priority and to
delete Land Use & Transportation Planning.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to add Infrastructure and delete Land Use & Transportation Planning
from the current Council Priorities.

Council Member Klein felt the Amendment would open up the question of
having Five Priorities and that a similar argument could be made on all the
other items. He was not opposed to doing that but did not think that was
the plan for today’s meeting.

Vice Mayor Scharff said most of the Land Use & Transportation Planning
goals had been met and could be singled out.

Council Member Klein said that was being optimistic and that more work
needed to be done for Land Use & Transportation Planning.
                                   2                   January 21, 2012 
 
