                               MINUTES

Mark Petersen-Perez addressed the City Attorney and stated issues that he
had with regard to the laws that were followed. He quoted the California
Public Records Act and stated how information should be open to the public
for scrutiny purposes. He noted that there has been delay in response to
Public Record Act requests.

Aram James filed a Public Record’s Request in July and read from it. He
talked about his request to receive names of Police Officer’s for a specific
incident and how his request was still not granted.

Herb Borock noticed an agenda item that had to do with Council pre-
screening of plans. His understanding was that there was a procedure for
which the body of authority would perform the pre-screening of plans but
said it was unclear who was approving the pre-screening of plans. He stated
that the first action was for Council to choose who would handle pre-
screening.


Approval of Minutes

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the minutes of May 14 and 21, 2012 and June 4, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8 and requested that Council
remove it from the Consent Calendar. In the first three years, the contract
had required two reports to be submitted but over time, the reports were
coming later and later. His recollection was that reports were given a
specific time-line and the City Manager was responsible for that. He stated
that the report should have been received by now.


MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to pull Agenda Item No. 10, to become Agenda Item No. 12a.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5- 9, 11 and 12.

5.   Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5163 Amending Fiscal
     Year 2013 Budget to Provide Additional Appropriations of $191,027
                                                                       Page 5 of 10
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/10/12
