                                MINUTES
Staff held follow-up meetings with the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC), the Parks and Recreation Commission, and the Bicycle
Advisory Commission. The Plan was built on the concept of five I's:
integration, inclusion, innovation, institutional partnerships, and investment.
Staff wanted to focus on east-west connections, recreational uses,
education, benefits, and parking opportunities. The main concern for south
Palo Alto residents was integration with Los Altos and Mountain View. Staff
committed to introduce an element into the Safe Routes to School program
regarding travel to schools in Los Altos. Initially, PABAC Palo Alto Bicycle
Advisory Committee (PABAC) had concerns about emphasizing innovation
too much; however, Staff felt it was important to maintain a strong
innovation element within the Plan. Staff did not revise the toolkit. The
Parks and Recreation Commission recommended adoption of the Plan, and
subsequently considered an expansion of Beta Ridge Trail connections. The
Parks and Recreation Commission was also interested in an additional
connection to Matadero Creek and in methods to bisect the rail corridor.
Community concerns were closing sidewalk gaps and the condition of
streets. The Parks and Recreation Commission had a strong interest in
establishing trails along levees throughout Palo Alto and a Safe Routes to
Parks program. The P&TC had two main interests: 1) ensure projects had
performance measurements, and 2) ensure the Plan addressed
recommendations in the existing and future Comprehensive Plan. Staff
measured each project against the five I's. A key change in the Plan since
November 2011 was a connection from the Arastradero Preserve to the
Baylands. Many concerns were expressed about the Page Mill Road to
Interstate 280 area, because of high recreational use. The Plan would
require an investment of $35-$40 million. Approximately $10 million would
be needed in the next five to ten years to perform feasibility studies. In the
current fiscal year, more than $1 million would be needed for improvements
through the existing capital program and partnerships. Approximately $1.5
million would be needed in fiscal year 2014 for an aggressive deployment of
capital improvements. There were opportunities to transfer funds from
previously collected traffic impact fees and to develop partnerships within
the community.

Susan Fineberg, Planning & Transportation Commission, Vice Chair reported
on March 28, 2012 the P&TC voted unanimously to recommend adoption of
the Plan, and inclusion of the Plan in the Transportation Element of the next
update of the Comprehensive Plan.          The P&TC neither reviewed nor
recommended action on the mitigated Negative Declaration as it was not
prepared at the time of the P&TC meeting. Recent revisions of the Plan
included strengthening southern connections, focusing on east-west
connections, identifying sidewalk gap closures, and tightening connections
with the Safe Routes to School program.


07-09-2012                                                              111-151
