Mr. Williams answered he was not concerned about that. He thought AT&T
was willing to have that discussion and would welcome an opportunity to
minimize the review process.

Council Member Schmid found it difficult to focus on this application when
the Council was counting on a strategic discussion regarding policies for the
City as a whole. He stated the proposal was for 20 antennas, but the
Council was setting a precedent for 80 antennas and perhaps 250 antennas
without having that strategic discussion. He asked if the ARB considered the
possibility of increasing the number of such elements when it asked AT&T to
use one tower rather than two towers for aesthetic reasons.

Ms. Young stated the ARB felt the paired antennas were less desirable than
the single antennas even if there were more single elements.

Council Member Schmid asked if the ARB considered three times the number
of elements as aesthetically desirable.

Ms. Young didn't know about the ratio, but felt in general an extension of the
existing poles was preferable.

Council Member Schmid asked if it was preferable even though the boxes
were the most obtrusive element which were closer to eye level.

Ms. Young didn't disagree. She stated the ARB attempted to put the boxes
into perspective with backflow preventers, fire hydrants, cable boxes, and
telephone boxes, which the ARB asked the applicant to integrate into the
local design or to screen them with landscape.

Council Member Schmid indicated trees could not be planted under power
lines, yet they were used to screen antennas. He asked if deciduous trees
would be replaced with evergreen trees because of this emerging
compromise to camouflage antennas.

Ms. French noted the ARB's study session had a menu of guidelines for
locating antennas, such as the preference for locations near evergreen trees.
She stated there had not been a suggestion of replacing healthy, mature
deciduous trees with evergreens.

Council Member Schmid noted the growing number of utilities located in
backyards, and asked whether backyards would be considered for locating
antennas.


                                  13                   January 23, 2012
 
