concerning WiFi usage. He indicated he appealed in order to raise the level
of the discussion. He appreciated Director Williams' efforts.

Paul Albritton, Mackenzie & Albritton, LLP, discussed three topics: the scope
of review, the steps AT&T followed to receive ARB approval, and the appeals.
He referenced the laws regarding placement of telephone equipment. He
said AT&T took Architectural Review seriously and had withdrawn their first
application because of aesthetics. He stated AT&T had achieved lower noise
levels in order to comply with the Municipal Code. He described AT&T's
efforts regarding Community outreach, equipment placement and design,
and selection of battery. With regard to appeals, he indicated state and
federal laws limited the ability to reject AT&T's proposals in favor of WiFi or
macro cells. Regarding the Bishop appeal, he stated AT&T worked with Staff
and the ARB in deciding to move the antenna from 1920 Park to 1880 Park
for aesthetic reasons. He was confident this location would not have
acoustic or health impacts.        Regarding the Sumida-Riker appeal, he
indicated the appellant's concerns were CUP issues, not design issues and
not within the scope of review of the City Council. He stated DAS was the
Cadillac solution, cost more than macro solutions, was robust, provided in-
building service around the node, and was the best method to provide
wireless service.

Council Member Burt asked if the lead acid battery was the smallest battery
available that would fit inside the box.

Mr. Albritton indicated the battery decision was based on a combination of
heat, powering the battery, life of the battery and ability to service the
battery. He stated AT&T was constantly searching for alternative battery
solutions.

Council Member Burt asked what were the other battery technologies that
were more compact that could work in this situation. He inquired if lithium
ion batteries were feasible.

Mr. Albritton could not answer that question. He said he had seen lithium
ion battery units in LTE cabinet equipment.

Council Member Burt inquired if Mr. Albritton had seen lithium ion used.

Mr. Albritton indicated he had seen them incorporated in large cabinetry with
large cooling devices in a macro cell facility.



                                   17                   January 23, 2012
 
