                                 MINUTES
Mayor Yeh wanted workplace culture as the starting point. He had worked
for local governments and experienced opportunities in the private sector
and one of the areas he appreciated that Staff focused on was making local
government a destination career. That 50 percent of the City Staff was
eligible for retirement in 10 years was shocking.          The potential loss of
institutional knowledge was something that needed consideration.
Workplace culture could be handled separately from compensation, but as
resources for compensation were limited it was of paramount importance.
He believed that if people enjoyed their work, compensation was somewhat
secondary.      He knew it was a large discussion and everything Staff
presented on creating flexibility for people to explore other departments was
a good step and expressed his support. In the pension meeting he wanted
to discuss CalPERS governance. It was essential for the Council and the
public to understand what happened from the governing board perspective.
He appreciated Assemblyman Gordon’s initiative which enabled the CalPERS
Board meetings to be webcast.             It was important people saw how
investment decisions were made and policy direction from the legislature
was implemented. CalPERS was the largest pension fund in the world. He
was open to ideas regarding compensation flexibility and what was and was
not part of CalPERS. He framed healthcare as a fundamental human right
and it was tough for him to embrace reform on since there was much reform
on the federal level. The Affordable Care Act was a moving target for local
governments. When the dependent age increased to 26 it increased the
City’s long term liabilities. In future meetings he wanted opportunities to
brainstorm and have true dialogue. He wanted an active solicitation of Labor
about how the discussion was framed. He was open to something that was
public, facilitated, less formal, during the day, and included social media. He
wanted to know what each Labor group’s preliminary thoughts were on the
questions raised in the colleague’s memorandum. The discussions were
challenging but essential because he believed in the services and knowledge
City Staff provided the community and that employees understood the
difficult financial realities faced by the City. He was pleased with the tenor
and tone of the conversation so far and hoped it could be sustained
throughout the remaining sessions.

Ms. Shen pointed out that the static that 50 percent of the employees in five
years would be eligible to retire was simply a statement of eligibility. She
did not expect 50 percent of the employees to actually retire. Much
depended on the status of the economy and the employee’s alternatives.
Even if half of the eligible employees retired it would be difficult for the City
if there was not a plan in place.

Council Member Holman asked about the tenure of employees and if the City
was not attracting younger employees.       She asked if there were
                                                                          Page 18 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/15/12
