from West Bayshore Road into Embarcadero. He stated the goal was to
channel all those cars making a left turn on Embarcadero onto Channing and
St. Francis. He asked if Staff knew how many cars it would be channeling
onto Channing.

Mr. Rodriguez reported 60 vehicles currently made that left turn in the
morning and 36 in the evening, so Staff diverted that amount of vehicles from
southbound West Bayshore onto Channing/St. Francis to make the left turn
back onto Embarcadero Road.

Council Member Schmid indicated 60 was about the same number of vehicles
making left turns from Embarcadero onto St. Francis. He noted there was a
left-turn signal from St. Francis onto Embarcadero, and a possible left-turn
signal on Embarcadero would create a double stoplight on a freeway exit. He
inquired if those two stoplights would backup traffic onto Highway 101.

Mr. Rodriguez recalled Council Member Klein suggested left-turn arrows on
Embarcadero Road for turns onto northbound St. Francis.

Council Member Schmid explained a left-turn signal would stop traffic coming
westward on Embarcadero and turning from St. Francis onto Embarcadero.
He noted the same happened with traffic turning left from St. Francis and, in
both cases; off-ramp traffic on Embarcadero would have to stop.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated westbound Embarcadero Road traffic would stop
rather than the off-ramp traffic.

Council Member Schmid said the busiest entry to Palo Alto would be stopped
twice on every signal.

Mr. Rodriguez reported there was not a proposal for a traffic signal at the
intersection of West Bayshore and Embarcadero Road. He stated there would
not be a signal to turn left onto West Bayshore northbound from eastbound
Embarcadero towards Highway 101.

Council Member Schmid confirmed there was not a signal.

Mr. Rodriguez stated there was not a signal there today, and one was not
proposed. He explained the diverted traffic coming from West Bayshore to
Channing to St. Francis had its own movement to make a left turn towards
Highway 101. He reported that would not be considered in the number of
vehicles making left turns onto St. Francis from Embarcadero Road.

Council Member Schmid was concerned about that intersection and any new
forces placed in a very tricky spot.


                                          23                    03/19/2012
