                               MINUTES
in any other way. There was not much traffic on that street. She had been
commuting since 1986 from Community Center to California Avenue and
before that she lived in New York so she understood real traffic. The only
thing she was concerned about was trucks and loading because every once
in a while you had to go around a truck on the street. That was the one
issue Council had to address because there could be a problem if there was
a truck on each side. If that problem was solved, she thought it was fine.
Her office was on the second floor of Palo Alto Central and that retail could
never succeed on the first floor because there was not enough traffic. She
thought that if they had a pleasant enough walking street it might add
people and urged the Council to pass the project.

Rita Vrhal supported the trial because community buy in was very important.
She thought the merchants on California Avenue were what made California
Avenue. She lived on Channing Avenue and never drove to University
Avenue because she felt it was more for people visiting the area. She said
that she used the side streets and was concerned as to what would happen if
they used Cambridge Avenue more. She said that she volunteered at the
Bargain Box and it was not just the merchants that had concerns regarding
the lane reduction. Several patrons thought that as well. She agreed there
was significant misinformation on both sides. She came to the discussion
later and the reason she was there was because the paper said Staff had
equal weight with the community related to decisions made by City Council
and she disagreed with that. She urged the Council to hold the trial.

Joy Ogawa said she was also not planning on speaking, but she was
watching the Council meeting on television and if she had heard Mr.
Bernstein speak she probably would not have come in because it was
objective criteria and it seemed obvious to her that sales tax was
measurable and was data that was collected and shared with the City
already. Staff had made a point that they were adding four parking spaces,
but that did not include the loading and unloading zones which were
currently provided by the two extra lanes. If they provided loading and
unloading spaces she wondered what that would do to existing parking
spaces. She thought that was a concern.

Jack Morton said it seemed like a good portion of the City Staff was bent on
applying for a grant to fund lane reductions that many in the community did
not just oppose but vehemently opposed. He understood that the grant was
funded by federal pass through congestion reduction funds. Most of the
merchants did not believe that the project would reduce congestion, but
would significantly increase it.       Federal funding generally required
community input, not of the sort conducted by the Staff which had been
basically to tell the merchants to accept the plan, but rather to prove that
                                                                       Page 59 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
