                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid expressed concern that the City had a history of
putting the refuse ratepayer at risk. In planning for the long term, the
Council needed to consider the variables. He was disturbed by the lack of
consideration of technologies beyond organics. Twenty cities in California
were investing in technologies that used organics and other materials. He
asked how Staff could have a planning process with no shared data on the
experience of these other twenty cities.

Mr. Bobel reported organics was the feature of Measure E, and the Council
directed Staff to follow-up on that.

Council Member Schmid indicated the directive was to explore organics or
other technologies. It would be relatively easy to present information
regarding the twenty California communities to the Council.

Mr. Bobel inquired if Council Member Schmid was talking about exploring
technologies for organic and non-organic material, such as oxidation and
high temperature.

Council Member Schmid believed the Zero Waste policy was to reach 100
percent reuse of waste.

Mr. Bobel said Staff could, if directed by Council, review alternatives which
addressed streams beyond organics.

Council Member Shepherd felt the Zero Waste objective was to reduce waste
destined for the landfill to zero. She asked if Council Member Schmid was
talking about methods to eliminate waste streams not destined for the
landfill.

Council Member Schmid answered yes. Other communities were planning
both organics and other waste at the same time in the same facilities. He
inquired whether Staff was overlooking a possibility of dealing with waste on
a regional basis in a richer way.

Council Member Burt felt the terms organic and inorganic were being
interpreted differently by the Council Members.     Some of those 20
communities could be considering waste streams beyond the three the City
identified.

Council Member Schmid was referring to communities such as Salinas Valley
where 98 percent of the waste stream was processed into renewable energy.




07-02-2012                                                            111-135
