                      DRAFT MINUTES
that he hoped parents would be aware of as well as the existing
neighbors.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-3 Klein, Shepherd, Yeh no, Scharff
absent

Council Member Burt thought the daycare center was a use that
met a community need and generally was in a location
appropriate for the use. He was concerned about the high
voltage power lines being almost immediately adjacent to the
daycare grounds with small biologically susceptible children as
environmental impacts were greater on children. He heard they
did not have an answer regarding if there were any existing State
regulations that addressed the high voltage wires. If there were
State regulations or guidelines that recommended it, they did not
know if the City’s zoning was aligned with the regulations. He
knew there were issues being dealt with in other areas of the City
where they had zoning that existed at a prior time and use or
uses that today were recognized as inappropriate. He asked how
the City should deal with that and what would happen if
subsequent to that evening they found out that there were
guidelines that said it was not healthy to have a childcare center
immediately under high voltage lines with fairly high         EMF
emissions. He also asked what would happen if at a future time
there were new guidelines or regulations. He asked what the City
would do in either of those circumstances.

Mr. Williams said Staff could look into what the guidelines were if
there were any. He assumed that there were no guidelines
because they recently had schools and daycares located
proximate to the site that were licensed. Staff would check to be
sure and report back to the Council if anything was missed. As to
the rules changing in the future, he did not know what authority
the City had at that point to change something or whether the
potential that something like that could happen warranted not
moving forward with the project in the present. He said that it


                                                                   Page 35 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
