                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh knew that there were many considerations and iterations of the
RPP. Ultimately he did not support the pilot program or really even the
development of a RPP because he thought conducting additional studies was
the smartest approach. He asked Staff to define what they meant by long
term. He discussed the amount of Staff who would have to work on the
various options.

Mr. Rodriguez said that over the next six months there were many things
Staff could move forward on. Some of the initial things were studying the
existing surface laws to determine where they could build more garages and
if attendant parking made sense in the existing garages. There were many
factors including if the structures would support the weight of additional
cars. Staff could advance those studies because of a separate contribution
from the Lytton Gateway project. Staff also committed to advancing within
the next six months the development of some sort of RFP to help them
collect data about what they could do with technology deployment within the
garages. They also wanted to share more information with the Parking
Committee. There was a strong interest within the business community and
they had formed the assessment district to help advance many of the
solutions that were already in place and the City needed to respect that
process and solicit that input before they came back and made a strong
recommendation to Council.

Mr. Williams thought that some of the things that could be implemented in
the next six months were attendant parking, or at least a trial of that
somewhere, and some technology efforts. He said that building a parking
garage took longer, but in six months Staff would have good study
information on that. Mr. Keene had also discussed a public/private garage
that would be a faster track than the City building a structure on its own.

Mayor Yeh appreciated the thought that went into the pilot, but his greatest
concern was that it moved the problem and did not really address or create
a systemic solution. He said he favored a systemic solution.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to not
move forward with the trial Residential Permit Parking Program, however to:

  1. Direct Staff to proceed with additional studies and actions related to
     parking in downtown, including but not limited to:

     a. Study of potential new public parking garage sites, capacities and
        costs;
     b. Methods to increase capacity in existing garages, such as attendant
        parking and adjustments to the permit/public distribution of spaces;
                                                                        Page 36 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
