                                MINUTES
adoption of a new contract at the start of a budget year. He thanked SEIU
and Staff for delivering close to the deadline Council established. Staff
looked forward to other negotiations proceeding in that way in the future.

Council Member Price said it was a good feeling to have an example of the
results of really effective collective bargaining. The SEIU leadership and City
Staff had done a very good job at a time when nothing was easy. She said
the package included concessions and serious consideration of the
implications both for the current City finance and the future. She thought it
was very positive to see the results of a balanced discussion and an outcome
when both sides had to give some.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

18.   Resolution 9278 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Implementing Terms for Police Managers' Association Pursuant to
      Government Code Section 3505.”

Marcie Scott, Labor Relations Manager, said Staff recommended to Council
to implement terms for the Police Managers’ Association (PMA). The Police
Captains and Lieutenants, a total of seven full time employees formed a new
bargaining unit for Police Managers in October 2009. The City and the PMA
began bargaining in January 2010 to develop a Memorandum of Agreement
(MOA). That included a period of six months in Fiscal Year 2011 during
which the parties did not meet at the bargaining table in order to participate
in the City’s Labor Management Committee for all labor units. The Labor
Management Committee studied escalating medical costs and evaluated
alternatives to the City’s 90/10 profit sharing plan in which the City paid 90
percent of medical premiums and the employees paid 10 percent. The City
and PMA reached written tentative agreement on all but one issue, which
prevented the parties from finalizing an initial MOA. She said that the
disputed issue was the amount the City contributed toward medical
premiums to current employees once they retired and qualified for retiree
medical benefits. The City proposed the same retiree medical benefit
language that had been agreed to in the labor contracts for SEIU,
Firefighters, Fire Chiefs and the unrepresented management professional
employees. She explained that future retirees would be provided the same
medical contribution for retirees that it made for active employees. The PMA
was unwilling to agree to that language. The PMA’s proposals provided an
option for current employees to receive fully paid medical premiums for
employee and dependents once they retired. The City found a fundamental
gap existed between the parties’ positions that would not be bridged by
further discussion given the already lengthy period of time that the parties
negotiated. The City declared impasse on May 23, 2012 and the impasse
                                                                          Page 6 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
