diversion by offering Go Passes and stated that VTA also offered Eco Passes.
She asked if Eco Passes were discussed as they stop at the same spot. If Palo
Alto got Bus Rapid Transit it would come up El Camino Real with many riders.
Many people in Palo Alto ride Caltrain, specifically from the spot with all the
Marguerite services, so she wanted to understand if they would be measuring
usage or if the Applicant would be just offering Go Passes. She said that if Go
Passes transformed into something else that might be very expensive and
asked for the Applicant’s thoughts.

Mr. Smith said they had discussed both the Eco Passes and the Go Passes.
They thought the Go Passes were more significant and would be used more
and would reduce the single vehicle use more than the Eco Pass. He said that
he believed the language they agreed to with Mr. Rodriguez was over time if
Go Passes evolved into something else the requirement would evolve with
that as something comparable. He said that he believed there was language
in the approval for the PTC that stated that would adapt as necessary.

Council Member Shepherd said she saw that, but was curious because Caltrain
did not make money on Go Passes; it made money on its fare. She requested
confirmation the Applicant would stay with the Caltrain Go Pass and not an
Eco Pass with VTA.

Mr. Smith said they were open to discussion. He said that TDM was a tool
they would use to try to figure out if that was the best option. He said that
the solution might be a combination of Go Passes and Eco Passes.

Council Member Shepherd said that there were eight surface parking spaces
and fourteen garage spaces on nights and weekends. She asked Staff if they
would be subject to the two hour limit so they could circulate with shoppers.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, said that they had not
discussed the level of signage as part of the project. He said that anything
within the street extended into the two hour parking limit. He explained that
when they reached the design stage they would work out the details inside
the lot.

Council Member Shepherd said she wanted to make sure that they were used
for the retail as opposed to the building parking. She indicated she had
questions for Ms. Wasserman. This was a gateway design and a gateway
project, so she thought this would be a significant piece. She asked what
features they were looking for in the architectural review process.

Ms. Wasserman said that when you look at a gateway situation you look at
something that was formally designed for that area, like the towers and palm
trees in front of Stanford. She said that this was not a situation like that so
                                  19                    March 12, 2012
