       Termination to Allow for the Establishment of a Process and Timeline
       for Consideration of an Energy/Compost Facility.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to
accept Staff recommendation to:
     1. Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute
        Contract Amendment No. 1 to Contract No. C11136602 with
        Alternative Resources Inc., (ARI) in the amount of $29,700 for
        assisting the City in generating a process and timeline for considering
        an Energy/Compost Facility on the 10-acre site made available by
        Measure E, for a total contract amount of $227,458;
     2. Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the
        contract with Golder Associates, Inc. (Golder) in the amount of
        $193,713 for the final landfill cap design and $19,400 for additional
        services for a total contract amount of $213,113;
     3. Direct staff to continue dialogue with regulatory agencies to obtain
        approval for a postponement of final capping of the landfill for one
        construction season (from 2012 to 2013) so that Council can retain all
        options while the process and timeline for considering an
        Energy/Compost Facility is developed;
     4. To continue composting only until we have enough compost for the
        vegetative soil; and
     5. Direct staff to return to Council in approximately three months to
        present the process and timeline for considering an Energy/Compost
        Facility and to obtain further Council direction on the landfill closure.

AMENDMENT:     Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman that rent starts to accumulate starting May 1, 2012.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Holman, Schmid yes, Price absent

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to amend Recommendation No. 4 above to: Direct Staff to continue
operating the City’s existing aerobic windrow composting operation on the
landfill instead of closing the composting facility and diverting yard
trimmings to the Sunnyvale SMaRT® Station while the process and timeline
for considering an Energy/Compost Facility is developed; and to add back
into Staff Recommendation No. 5 the last 4 words “existing composting
operation”.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Klein, Shepherd yes, Price absent

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that if staff determines that there is a significant
                                     3                      February 6, 2012
  
