                               MINUTES
organizations built units at that amount, and the City contributed funds at a
rate of approximately $170,000 per unit. Staff felt the contribution should
subsidize the equivalent of seven BMR units. Lastly, the future location of
the housing was unknown, and could be located near transit.

Council Member Schmid indicated this site was one of the best potential
locations in the City for housing, and receiving only one third of the amount
needed to build housing did not seem like a positive outcome. The third
element was substituting not-for-profit space for part of the retail space.
The Comprehensive Plan was filled with statements regarding pedestrian-
oriented centers. The public benefit from an urban dense development was
pedestrian-oriented retail. That benefit had disappeared and was a loss for
the City. The success of businesses around Alma Street opened the area to
retail. He was surprised that element had been removed from the project.

Mr. Williams reported that was the Council's direction at the prior meeting.
The project still contained 3,800 square feet of first-floor retail space and
could include financial services.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff wanted language stating that operation
costs of charging stations should be borne by the applicant.

Mr. Williams replied yes.

Council Member Klein asked if the applicant could charge its customers for
use of the charging station.

Mr. Williams indicated the idea was the applicant would not charge the public
space. The language would be specific to the public.

Council Member Klein stated the language should be clear that the applicant
could charge for use of the charging stations. He asked when Staff
anticipated using the $1.5 million contribution for parking to create those 22
spaces.

Mr. Williams hoped to do that within five years.

Council Member Klein asked if this would be part of a larger program.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

Council Member Klein referenced Section 3, paragraph C, of the proposed
Ordinance regarding leasing space to a non-profit organization. He asked if
Staff had defined a non-profit organization, because of differences between
                                                                        Page 11 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
