                      DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Klein suggested adding an additional sentence
“the City through this process needs to identify which uses have
the greatest priority in terms of City policies.” He said that they
needed some method of determining which uses were most in
keeping with City policies. He did not think they were in the
position to judge at the moment as they did not have such
criteria but that they would need to in the future.

Council Member Holman had a clarification. She was agreeable to
a second sentence being added, but wanted to know if they were
referring to what was new or what was existing.

Council Member Klein was concerned with both. He assumed that
there was always some turn over and he also that at some point
they might have less space than they had currently. If that was
the case, he questioned how they would decide which ones
stayed, which ones would not be accommodated, and which ones
they felt an obligation to. For example, he said that they might
feel that they had an obligation to Mr. Hirsch’s organization but
that it was best placed elsewhere.

Mayor Yeh said he heard a potential replacement for the
development of criteria for community uses at Cubberley site as a
generic statement which could be applied to the existing or
potential tenants.

Council Member Schmid wanted to make sure there was an
opening for new and expanded services. He thought each of the
four scenarios presented had an increase in City space so they
ought to look for potential new possibilities.

Council Member Burt concurred with intent that it be more open
and it include looking at current uses and other prospective uses,
that this was the City’s opportunity to rationalize what was there.
He thought that they should abbreviate the first sentence
because the latter portion saying that it should be preserved and
enhanced wherever possible predetermined some of what was
                                                                   Page 60 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
