against the issue was that it was strictly local. He said that landfills in
systems that use incinerators affect air quality, which made it anything but a
local issue since air has a tendency to move. He asked why there had not
been a City generated report regarding alternative sources of composting
including at home and outside sources and their viability. He also asked why
a health study had not already been conducted. He said that it should have
been conducted before the measure was proposed and on the ballot. He
said that the landfill needed to be capped and that the City needed to
continue to be an environmental leader.

Carolyn Curtis of 531 Alger Drive said she organized the signature gathering
and the precinct walking for Measure E and that it was one of the most
inspiring campaigns she had ever given her time to. The result, 9,946 votes
in an election that was had biggest turnout since 2003 was a clear mandate.
She said it was a real grassroots campaign with 147 donors and 93 active
volunteers throughout the 18 months.           She asked those people in
attendance to stand and stated that they were still organized and paying
attention.    She said they appreciated the dedication, expertise, and
farsightedness of the Staff. She expressed confidence that the City Council
would do the right thing because you had the voters on its side.

Hilary Gans said the Palo Alto Green Energy Initiative supported the Staff
recommendation on maintaining the existing compositing operations. They
had a goal of maintaining continuous composting operations until an interim
or permanent solution or organics processing facility could be developed. He
said that the course of action was consistent with the recommendation
developed by the Blue Ribbon Task Force over a year ago. He said that the
composting permit was an intangible asset that had significant monetary and
time value. He said that keeping the composting permit “live” would greatly
simplify and reduce the cost of obtaining a permit for interim and permanent
organics processing. Based on this, he recommended that Palo Alto continue
the composting operation.

Peter Drekmeier of 331 Fulton Street said that Measure E showed that the
community was really excited about the idea of a facility that could produce
green energy, reduce greenhouse gasses and save money. 64.62% of the
people voted for Measure E. He said that of those who voted against it some
did not want to undedicate parkland, but there were many who were
convinced by opponents that this would be very expensive. He said that
there was a cost of $314 million to retrofit the incinerator, which would
make it far more expensive than any of the alternatives. The feasibility
study focused on dry anaerobic digestion and found that in year one dry
anaerobic digestion would be $87.00 per ton and the cheapest export option
would be $100.00 a ton. In year 20 dry anaerobic digestion would be

                                  16                     February 6, 2012
  
