                                MINUTES
Mr. Saccio did not remember the exact number of spaces in existence at the
time, because garages were built on surface lots. To the best of his
recollection, more than 700 spaces were built.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked why the formula related to the full 9,000 spaces
rather than 800 spaces. Using 800 spaces would seem to provide a truer
picture of the cost of buying into the Assessment District.

Mr. Saccio explained the allocation methodology was based on need rather
than the number of spaces being constructed. The number of additional
spaces due to each property could not be determined. The methodology
was the net need in the District based on the square footage of property not
being supplied with parking spaces.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether the methodology was calculated on the
need to build "X" number of parking spaces and, therefore, the need to raise
"X" amount of funds.

Mr. Saccio stated the methodology was not based on the incremental
number of spaces that could be built. It was based on the number of spaces
that were not supplied.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff could calculate an assessment amount
including inflation.

Mr. Saccio indicated Staff could certainly calculate that, but it was not
incorporated into the current assessment amount. Only the interest was
charged.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired about the interest rate used for the calculation.

Mr. Saccio believed the interest rate was 5 percent on the original bonds,
and a lower rate when the bonds were refinanced in 2012.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff used 5 percent as if it were on the bonds.

Mr. Saccio reported the amount was the interest the City was paying on the
bonds, and did not include inflation.

Council Member Schmid believed the original Urgency Ordinance concerned
the issue of parking and parking exemptions, because of the parking
shortage and parking overflow into neighborhoods. The Council did not
know the size of the shortage. He inquired whether the Urgency Ordinance

                                                                         Page 22 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/10/12
