and would be based on the monthly market price. Given the historically low
gas prices currently in effect, the gas rate for the average customer would
decrease approximately $5.52 per month. The recommended Water Fund
rate increase of 15 percent was driven by increases in the wholesale price
for water from San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC) coupled
with lower water usage forecasts. Because most of the Water Utility costs
were fixed costs, the water rate for the average residential customer would
increase approximately $8.52 per month. The Refuse Fund rate increase for
residential customers consisted of changing the current Fixed Residential
Monthly Charge to a charge for street sweeping service, as well as adding
charges for Annual Cleanup Day and household hazardous waste services.
These changes implemented findings from the refuse Cost of Service Study.
The total increase would vary slightly depending on the customer's garbage
cart size. For the majority of customers who had 32-gallon garbage cart
service, the increase would be $4.06 per month. Commercial refuse rates
would remain unchanged. The Wastewater Collection Fund rate increase of
5 percent was caused by a need to maintain the financial viability of the
Fund. Expected rate increases were forecast for FY 2014 through FY 2017
as well. The Wastewater Collection rate for the average residential customer
would increase approximately $1.40 per month. Both the Storm Drainage
and Fiber Optics rates were adjusted annually based on the Consumer Price
Index (CPI). The Storm Drainage and Fiber Optic fees would increase by 2.9
percent to reflect the annual CPI change. The Storm Drainage rate for the
average residential customer would increase approximately $0.33 per
month. The Fiber Optic rate increase would impact only customers with fiber
optic licenses beginning prior to September 18, 2006. The City was in the
process of conducting a Utilities Organizational Study. Best practices in the
industry would be used to evaluate current operational and organizational
structures within the Utilities Department.       The Study would not be
completed prior to Council's adoption of the FY 2013 Budget, but potential
changes and recommendations would be shared with the Council during FY
2013 and would inform future Budget decisions. The City's largest General
Fund tax revenue was property tax, and Proposition 13, passed in 1978 by
voters, had created over time an absurdly unfair and unequal tax system.
As a result, despite high real estate values, property tax rates were uneven.
The City also received less than 10 percent of the property tax paid by the
property owner. The City's next largest revenue source, sales tax, was also
diverging from the upward direction of the Silicon Valley economy. The
movement towards a service economy (no sales tax); internet shopping
(less sales tax); and companies' off-shoring of points of sale (no sales tax)
put the City at risk and pushed the need for new revenues, rate changes,
and governmental fiscal reform for cities at the State level. It had taken a
long time to reach this point, and working out of this mess would also take
time. The Council's efforts to curb employee compensation and benefit
increases had been ongoing and would have to continue. The Cost of
Service Study, the Utility Organizational Assessment, and other initiatives

                                     7                            4/30/2011
