                                MINUTES
MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Holman understood the EIR had been certified. Following
legal requirements for noticing was different from the practical matter of
informing interested persons of a document's availability. For example, the
Staff Report for the Newell Street Bridge seemed to indicate the EIR had
been certified, when the EIR had not been certified.

Mr. Williams reported there was no Staff Report for the Newell Street Bridge.
That was presented as a Study Session to the ARB. This Project was on the
same Agenda and the Staff Report indicated this Project's EIR had been
certified.

Council Member Holman stated there was a difference between notification
and legal requirements. In this instance, she was certain the JPA had met
all legal requirements, but was disappointed that notification and availability
was not made to all interested parties.

Council Member Burt requested details of the review process for the EIR.

Mr. Williams reported the City placed a link to the EIR on the City's website
and issued a required public hearing notice. The EIR was publicly noticed for
P&TC review and ARB review. He did not know the extent of the ARB's
comments with regard to the EIR. The P&TC review was a Study Session of
the entire Project as well as a public hearing of the draft EIR.

Council Member Burt recalled the Project being prominently displayed on the
City's website.

Mr. Williams indicated the Project remained on the home page of the City's
website.

Council Member Burt clarified that it was located on the home page.

Mr. Williams answered yes. The final EIR incorporated responses to P&TC
comments. The P&TC had the responses when it considered the Project for
recommendation to the Council.

Council Member Burt noted the JPA received comments on the EIR at
hearings, and would continue to receive comments from some
environmental groups subsequent to certification of the EIR. He inquired
                                                                          Page 9 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/13/12
