                                MINUTES
Ms. Stump suggested filing a technical appeal and indicating that the City
continued discussions of a few minor issues which could be resolved through
the process.

Council Member Schmid noted a dramatic discrepancy between the numbers
implied in the mandate and the numbers provided by the California
Department of Finance. It was important for the City to state its awareness
of the discrepancy.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the Regional Housing Mandate Committee wanted to
appeal; however, direction from Staff indicated it would not be appropriate
to appeal. He was surprised by the City Attorney's soft recommendation to
appeal.

Mr. Williams recalled that Staff did not indicate a compelling legal reason to
do so, but that the California Department of Housing and Community
Development (HCD) issue was a potentially strong reason to avoid a
negative light.

Vice Mayor Scharff recalled being told there was no basis for an appeal.

Mr. Williams agreed. The issue was that the City would be objecting to
HCD's numbers for the region. From that standpoint, there was not a basis
for appeal of the allocation to the region. The Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) was not charged with developing the starting point.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff was working with HCD on this.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether an appeal would damage the City's
credibility.

Mr. Williams indicated it would not assist the City's work.

Council Member Burt asked if the City could reserve its right to appeal or if it
had to appeal now.

Mr. Williams understood there would be a final determination by ABAG
between October 18, 2012 and January 2013. The letter from ABAG
indicated this was the period for comment and appeal. There would be one
more opportunity for an appeal before the final numbers were distributed in
early 2013.

                                                                           Page 7 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/4/12
