                               MINUTES
things she heard from the merchants was that they wanted a trial, they
wanted access without backup particularly at the El Camino Real entryway,
and they wanted more parking. She asked if Mr. Fehrenbach had worked
with the merchants to put together a broader parking assessment district or
something in order to move forward.

Economic Development Manager, Thomas Fehrenbach said that he had
spoken with many merchants regarding parking and had worked mainly with
Staff as they tried to develop the additional parking options for California
Avenue.    They also looked at better utilization of technology to take
advantage of the existing parking that they had.

Council Member Shepherd thought that was an outcome in this situation and
that they could certainly partner better. She knew there had been a
transition from CAADA to the Business Association of California Avenue
(BACA) in order to begin to have a more meaningful ability for the City to
communicate directly with a body on California Avenue. She felt that was
what was lacking in the discussions related to the project. The first or
second time Council approved the grant dollars Vice Mayor Scharff asked
Staff to return to Council with expanded enhancements. If she remembered
correctly there were four different scenarios and this one was what Staff
came up with. It increased parking by four spaces. If the City had restriped
and done no other enhancements there would have been 14 spaces
captured, but 10 were lost in the process. She said that people on California
Avenue might not know, but the City counted parking spaces at $67,000.
That was the cost to build a parking space, so losing 10 spaces was quite a
bit of money. She said that either way it appeared they could not return to
four lanes without losing many more parking spaces by putting parallel
parking in or reducing sidewalks, which was another construction project,
and she had not heard anything that evening that allowed her to think that
that was an acceptable way to go.

Mr. Keene clarified the proposal before the Council would increase the
parking on California Avenue by four parking spaces over the current four
lane configuration. There was an improvement in the parking based on the
direction the Council gave Staff and in the plan before the Council.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that was after they provided the three
loading spaces.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that Staff was still willing to be flexible
and work with the merchants to locate the loading areas in ways that would
                                                                       Page 61 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
