                               MINUTES

Mr. Emslie answered no.      The Stanford Medical Center Development
Agreement allocated $2 million to construct pedestrian improvements
through the proposed site. It did not anticipate marrying a project of this
magnitude with pedestrian improvements.

Council Member Shepherd recalled the Council directed the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) to explore greater height limits, and
inquired when that matter would return to the Council for discussion.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning & Community Environment reported the
(P&TC) and Architectural Review Board (ARB) had only begun discussions.
The context for the Council's direction concerned housing around transit.
The Council could consider tonight's proposal in terms of height limit and
appropriate trade-offs outside of that process. The P&TC and ARB discussion
would not return to the Council prior to the March 2013 ballot.

Council Member Shepherd asked for an explanation of the theater's need for
height limits greater than 50 feet.

Mr. Garber explained a professional theater required a fly space, the space
above the stage where scenery was stored during a performance.
TheatreWorks had evolved into a professional and influential company with
productions on Broadway and in London. Its productions required true fly
spaces of 80-100 feet.

Council Member Shepherd asked how failure of the measure for exchange of
park lands and approval of the measure for height limit would affect the
Master Plan.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney reported the Advisory Ballot
Measure as envisioned was meant to gauge community sentiment and was
not binding. If the measure failed, the Council had the option of initiating
the zoning change.

Council Member Shepherd requested a fly-by presentation of the project.

Mr. Garber indicated that would occur in the future.

Council Member Holman referenced the Staff Report's mention of economic
development, and asked when resource impacts would be determined and
how the project would advance economic development for the City.


                                                                      Page 11 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/24/12
