Ms. Stadler indicated SVACA served Campbell, Monte Sereno, Santa Clara
and now Mountain View. She reported Sunnyvale had their own animal
control, but they sheltered animals with the Humane Society of Silicon Valley
in Milpitas. She stated the remaining cities contracted with the City of San
Jose Animal Care and Control; unincorporated areas and the City of Gilroy
contracted with the County.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Stanford and southern San Mateo
County contracted with Peninsula Humane Society or different places.

Ms. Stadler reported Peninsula Humane Society covered every city in San
Mateo County as well as the County; Stanford contracted with the County.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Mountain View left because they were not
getting the level-of-service they wanted.

Ms. Stadler indicated Mountain View was interested in getting the same
level-of-service provided to Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether Mountain View with SVACA would
receive a better level-of-service than Palo Alto was providing.

Ms. Stadler stated Mountain View received a different level-of-service. She
noted Mountain View emphasized wanting services to include responding to
unconfined stray dogs and administrative hearings for dangerous animals.
She stated the City had offered those services to all contract cities during
negotiations; however, Palo Alto did not prevail. She reported Palo Alto's
response times were much faster than SVACA's.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired why Mountain View chose SVACA if Palo Alto
offered the services Mountain View wanted.

Ms. Stadler said Mountain View liked the new cageless adoptions at SVACA,
and they were worried about capital outlay.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Mountain View's costs were less than what they
paid Palo Alto.

Ms. Stadler answered it was about the same for the first few years. She
stated Mountain View anticipated a savings, based on the number of animals
handled by Palo Alto. She noted that would change as Mountain View's
percentage changed.

                                  7                     March 26, 2012
