                               MINUTES

City Clerk, Donna Grider, said she enjoyed her work and that it was a
privilege working for the City of Palo Alto. She worked for Palo Alto for over
13 years and enjoyed serving the public and the City Council.

Mayor Yeh stated he observed the work of the City Clerk’s office and that
they kept up an incredible pace and energy and faced a breadth of
responsibilities. He thanked Ms. Grider for all that she did for the City and
community.

4.    Appointment for Three Positions on the Public Art Commission for
      Three Terms Ending April 30, 2012.

First Round of voting for three positions on the Public Art Commission for
three terms ending April 30, 2012:

Voting For Richard Ambrose:         Burt, Holman, Klein,      Price,       Scharff,
                                    Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh

Voting For Alena Campagna:          Klein

Voting For Harvey Citrin:           Klein

Voting For Hemla Makan-Dullabh: Scharff, Schmid

Voting For Vikki Tobak:             Burt, Holman, Price, Schmid, Shepherd,
                                    Yeh

Voting For Patricia Walsh:          Burt, Holman, Price, Scharff, Shepherd,
                                    Yeh

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Richard Ambrose with 8 votes,
Vikki Tobak with 6 votes, and Patricia Walsh with 6 votes were elected to the
Public Art Commission.

5.    Appointment for One Position on the Utilities Advisory Commission for
      an Unexpired Term Ending June 30, 2013.

First Round of voting for one position on the Utilities Advisory Commission
for an unexpired term ending June 30, 2013:

Voting For Garth Hall:              Burt,   Holman,      Scharff,         Schmid,
                                    Shepherd, Yeh

                                                                            Page 2 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
