                       DRAFT MINUTES

Council Member Klein said he was not ready to support that
although he did not necessarily disagree. He thought that there
was a competing proposal and that was that those monies, if any,
could be used for infrastructure. He was not prepared to make
that policy decision without more input and thought. He thought
they ought to ask the committee to advise Council and PAUSD on
what they thought the lease extension, if there was one, should
look like financially. He said that was not a Guiding Principle, but
a question that they would like the CAC to provide input on.

Mayor Yeh said that was a good question. He proposed that the
members of CPAC create an initial list of questions that could be
shared after the Guiding Principles were in place. He suggested
that they bring the list back to the full Council for review before it
was finalized.

Council Member Klein said if it was in the broader context it was
fine with him. He thought it needed to be in place prior to the
CAC’s first meeting.

Mayor Yeh asked if there were any Guiding Principles proposed
around finances. He said that the one that was proposed was
“The funds that were currently going to PAUSD were no longer
used for purposes of the lease or covenant not to develop shall be
used primarily to provide community services and recreational
facilities similar to those currently provided at Cubberley.” He
said that was a potential Guiding Principle Number 16.

Council Member Shepherd was not prepared to make that a
Guiding Principle yet or to put together words to that effect. She
thought that was part of the revision that she thought they might
need to make. She thought it was also inappropriate in a Guiding
Principle to tell how the monies would be spent. She hoped that
was something the CAC could give Council some input on in
addition to possibly the PAC.


                                                                     Page 68 of 73
                                                      City Council Special Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes 4/9/12
