Mr. Keene said there were other questions and pieces that they would look
at. He said that they would handicap their options based on what was said
and that it would be up to the Council to assess the tradeoffs if they did not
get a declarative definitive response. He said it was an important question.

Council Member Holman said that she would support the original Motion.
She said she had a question on the Amendment. On page 7 of 8, second
paragraph it said, “Staff would also return to Council before incurring any
significant expenses from the compost operation in the event of an
equipment failure or other factors.”      She questioned what would be
considered a significant expense.

Mr. Bobel said the monthly estimated costs were $44,000.         He estimated
that anything greater than 10% of that would be significant.

Council Member Holman said she would support the original Motion and not
the Amendment because of the air quality issue. She said that she has had
concerns for a long time over the air quality and the particulate in the air
from the windrow operation.

Council Member Schmid said open windrow composting had real health
issues associated with it. He said that one of Staff’s objectives in the
presentation was to minimize cost. He said that they should confront the
fact that in this year’s Budget the Refuse Fund users were paying over $5
million dollars to pay off costs that were expended in the past. The losses
accumulated in the Refuse Fund came to some $30 million over the last
seven or eight years. He said that he believed a good portion of that was
associated with open windrow composting and the cost of it that was not
acknowledged at the time. He said that it was important to acknowledge up
front now that if the City would maintain it, it has both health issues and real
costs associated with it that we would pay off in our future. He said he
would oppose the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Klein, Shepherd yes, Price absent

Council Member Shepherd proposed an Amendment to the original motion
which would be to have Staff come back with the answer regarding licensing
before the compost is terminated.

Mr. Keene said the original motion would direct us to cease composting
operation in one to two months. He said they could bring to Council
whatever they before that time period was up.


                                   27                     February 6, 2012
  
