held when Staff provided specific details of the project in the June-July
timeframe.

Vice Mayor Scharff was also excited about the possibility of this project. He
thought this project could act as a bridge between Downtown, Stanford, and
the Stanford Shopping Center. He thought it could provide a critical mass to
create a vibrant street life in that area, and could bring TheatreWorks back
to Palo Alto full-time. He felt there was an opportunity to open up Lucie
Stern for other performances and other groups. He knew that the Dragon
Theatre's lease expired at the end of the year, and noted it was difficult to
find space. He thought the Council should also recognize that Mr. Arrillaga
was offering to do these projects as philanthropy.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS
Council Member Price reported on attending the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Agency Board Meeting on March 1, 2012, where the
discussion focused on the BART extension.

Council Member Holman asked the status of the parking working group and
when it is coming to Council.

City Manager, James Keene stated the parking working group is meeting
regularly and working with the Professorville neighborhood and the
downtown representatives are also meeting regularly. Staff had set June as
the deadline for recommendations to come to Council.

Council Member Price asked Staff to bring additional updates on Caltrain and
High Speed Rail issues particularly regarding legislation.

Mr. Keene advised Staff would follow-up on this.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Downtown North is part of the Parking
Working Group.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated Downtown North is not part of the group.

Mr. Keene stated there is clear acknowledgement that any solution to one
area could bleed over into other areas. All areas have to be considered in the
solution.

Council Member Holman asked why Downtown North was not included.

Mr. Keene stated he would discuss this with Staff.


                                     29                            3/05/2011
