    Council Member Klein hoped she was right, but he could make the
    counterargument that, given that property owners had excess FAR and
    reduced parking, their incentive was to continue working on the building
    until it fell apart in the next century. He was concerned that while the
    landowner had that incentive, he also would have arduous negotiations to
    find two, three or four other property owners willing to combine to create a
    large parcel. He thought the minimum size for a hotel was three, four or
    five acres, which could require negotiating with a dozen different
    landowners. He understood her point, but she hadn't alleviated his concern.

    Council Member Espinosa was curious to see what incentives the City could
    provide to make the combination of parcels real. He thought this was one
    of the corners of town with great potential in terms of redevelopment. He
    noted there were aging buildings and narrow, small properties.          He
    remarked the City had difficulty in getting lots combined and seeing the
    desired development along that corridor. He questioned what was seen
    along the Highway 101 corridor and what was seen along Charleston. He
    saw lively streetscape and more pedestrian-friendly walkways, which he
    presumed was along Charleston. He knew there had been some debate
    previously including the Charleston Road section with those smaller
    properties. He asked was the City trying to build out from the Jewish
    Community Center (JCC) pedestrian corridor or was it traffic-focused. He
    had heard from executives that having a logo and business sign on Highway
    101 was a priority, and there was a lot of competition for that. He asked
    where Staff was in envisioning graduated intensity if the City could get to
    the point of combining lots and driving a vision for this area.

    Mr. Williams thought the Charleston area in front of the JCC was an area
    Staff wanted to consider for a pedestrian- and bike-friendly road
    environment, because it linked with the Charleston/Arastradero corridor at
    Fabian. He explained having a wholesale redevelopment that pushed back
    from the street would be necessary to create a pedestrian area. He stated
    Staff's discussions regarding signage highlighting businesses were relative
    to the north or the other side of the freeway, so it wasn't really in the
    discussion.

    Vice Mayor Scharff was concerned that Staff was not considering the
    incentives necessary to make people combine properties. He stated a hotel
    was a big incentive. He felt there would have to be a large economic
    incentive. He thought the PAMF site was the last effort to combine small
    parcels, and thought they had paid twice the market value at times. He
    asked what Staff was doing to measure the incentives necessary to make
    this happen in terms of economic incentives. He was concerned that Staff
    thought anything that raised revenue could be done here. He asked if an
    automobile business was profitable enough on a per-acre basis for it to be
                                   18                 February 13, 2012 
 
