                                MINUTES
the plaza to get into the tunnel. For the bicycles that came out of the tunnel
there were many ways they could go. Preferably they would be on the
contraflow, which was a standard eight foot wide bike path along the south
periphery of the plaza. They gained that space by widening the plaza along
the south side. He said that there was a dedicated path for bicyclists to
move around the plaza and avoid specific interaction with pedestrian
activity. Bicyclists would get back onto the intersection at Park Boulevard.
One of the things they did was take advantage of newer treatments that
were recently approved in the Bicycle Pedestrian Transportation Plan.
Specifically, they used green bicycle treatments and Share the Road Arrows
(Sharrows) through intersections. It was a unique design that was the first
of its kind. It functioned well at that particular intersection because it was a
calm dead end street which allowed the opportunity to guide and use the
street almost as an art element for bicycle paths and guiding vehicles
through. There currently was not much pedestrian activity and they hoped
that changed with the addition of the plaza. He thought Mr. Gates had done
a good job of building a plaza that took advantage of public art pieces,
adding more trees, and creating a space that people would want to be
around. Pedestrian paths were shown and people could come off California
Avenue and use the plaza. He said people could also walk over to the end of
the plaza and pick up a bike share from the Santa Clara Valley Transit
Authority (VTA) program. The paths could also be traveled by bicycle, so
there was a lot of flexibility on how uses intermixed in the plaza itself. He
said they had not placed out what the various streetscape treatments would
be. They had a palate of preferred types of streetscape treatments that the
community liked based off the workshops they conducted, but they could not
be placed until they had a preferred street alignment. That was the main
reason they were before Council that evening.

Mr. Williams said that Planning & Transportation Commissioner Keller would
go into detail regarding the P&TC recommendation. The P&TC had about six
items they thought Staff needed to look into as they moved forward with a
more detailed design such as loading zones, the bike facility operation at the
plaza, crosswalks, some of the parallel parking near El Camino Real, and the
issue of a trial lane reduction. He said that everyone was aware that quite a
substantial number of merchants had been recommending that the City
initiate a trial lane reduction before proceeding with the project. The P&TC
recommended that the merchants in the community propose how they saw
such a trial operating and then Staff would take the plan evaluate it and
determine if it was feasible. The P&TC provided clear parameters that the
trial should not delay the implementation of the project or jeopardize the
funding. Staff had looked at the issue of a trial and the concerns they had
were that it was difficult in a trial process to really replicate the safety and
aesthetic benefits of the project. Some of the things like raised crosswalks
                                                                          Page 34 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
