    Council Member Price asked if this would be an element generated as part of
    the traffic assessment and analysis.

    Mr. Williams stated Staff would get that information one way or another,
    and Staff might review techniques within a subarea to maintain a certain
    trip generation cap by Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
    measures.

    Council Member Price assumed there were many different TDM strategies
    that could be implemented. She noted generally they were more effective
    on larger developments with a greater potential for trip generation. She
    asked if that would be part of the scenarios that would be examined.

    Mr. Williams indicated it would be for those areas where it was appropriate.
    He stated the East Meadow Circle area did lend itself to that, because it was
    likely the property owners would work with Staff on that. He said it would
    be difficult to achieve any meaningful TDM measures in the South of San
    Antonio area because of the 75 properties and 60 owners.

    Council Member Price stated the issue of revenue-generating options always
    looked very desirable.    She inquired if Staff had talked to any hotel
    developers or was it premature at the current time.

    Mr. Williams thought Staff had talked with some developers about retail and
    mixed use development, but didn't think they had talked specifically to
    anyone about a hotel.

    Council Member Price repeated the concept of destination and making it an
    attractive destination.  She noted one of the features here was the
    proximity to Highway 101. She had seen examples of high-end retail
    adjacent to hotels that had been successful, and knew it depended on the
    community and some other elements around that.

    Mr. Williams asked to allow Gloria Humble to respond to Council Member
    Klein's question regarding the potential for combining properties.

    Senior Planner Gloria Humble reported the existing buildings were very old,
    over the allowable FAR, and didn't have the correct parking. She thought it
    was unlikely property owners would tear them down and build replacement
    buildings, because they would lose FAR. However, when the buildings were
    useless, she stated the best bet was for property owners to take advantage
    of the incentives through the graduated intensity being offered for merged
    lots.



                                   17                  February 13, 2012 
 
