                               MINUTES

Michael Eakwall brought a map showing the businesses that were opposed to
the lane reduction. He said that in the past they had been characterized as
a small passionate group, but there were 55 people who went on the record.
There were many more who did not want to go on the record because they
were afraid for one reason or another of some type of retribution or because
their landlord would not allow them. He said that there were 55 people who
were in support of the plan with the exception of the lane reduction. Those
people were the same ones that paid for the advertisements in the Palo Alto
Daily. He asked that the City conduct a trial and said that they did not want
to have a contentious relationship with the City. They felt as though the
concerns of the merchants were put aside. They had wanted to be a part of
the process and to collaborate with the Planning Department and that had
not come to pass. The Planning Department disagreed with them about the
lane reduction which was a key part of the plan, but he had never heard so
many people give so many excuses for not doing a trial and not giving them
a chance to at least realize they could be wrong. He said that if he was
wrong he would be the first to admit that he made a mistake and the trial
period showed they were wrong. He thought the Council owed them the
same courtesy. If the City was wrong then the merchants should have the
opportunity to prove that.

Ronna DeVincenzi said the plan was gorgeous and exciting and she loved it.
She enthusiastically supported the project brought to Council and agreed
with Staff that a trial would cause confusion and not yield valid results. She
said it was a mistake to second guess professionals for whom this was their
life’s work. She said that since 2009 Staff had been collaborative and
deserved recognition for handling the streetscape phase two. She clarified
that when the California Avenue trees were clear cut the City claimed
California Avenue Area Development Association (CAADA) made the decision
unilaterally instead of accurately portraying the fact that it was the City’s
recommendation to the CAADA Board to clear cut fulfilling the CAADA
Streetscape Committee’s vision for a uniform canopy. She said that the
streetscape had been an eight year long process and she urged the Council
to approve it that evening and to forego a test. She said that it was the
same concept plan that CAADA brought to the City six years ago, Staff had
just improved it with wider sidewalks, pocket parks, and a redeveloped
fountain plaza.

Michael Eager lived on Park Boulevard about four blocks from California
Avenue and had for more than 20 years. He supported the proposal, wanted
the Council to move forward with it, and thought it had been delayed too
long. When he first heard the complaints about congestion on the street he
started looking for congestion on the street and did not find it. It was
                                                                        Page 54 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
