controversy.     Many public safety measures were led by community
members. She wanted the Council to consider individuals when making
their decision.    The standard of public safety had to move.          It was
unacceptable to have a toxic chemical manufacturing plant close to a
residential neighborhood. She urged the Council to adopt Staff's option one
and initiate a Zoning Ordinance. She wanted to give CPI an opportunity to
recover its costs, and wanted to the City to act in the best interests of Palo
Alto.

Douglas Moran urged the Council to recognize that the best plans and
mechanisms could be negated by a poor safety culture. It was difficult to
determine the quality of a safety culture from outside. There were too many
basic failures in the 2006 release. The incident began when an operator
dumped a bad batch of chemicals into the waste tank. He was unaware that
it would trigger a reaction. That sort of mistake had been anticipated and
the venting system had scrubbers to remove the harmful gases, except the
access doors to the scrubbers were open and the gas escaped.            The
surrounding room was supposed to be a secondary containment vessel in
case of failure, but its doors to the outside were open. Those two measures
were in the model as being 100 percent effective. A good safety culture
would not have those sorts of mistakes. The report submitted to this
meeting showed a dismissive attitude in numerous places. They falsely
claimed the odor only reached homes, when in fact an adult became faint.
They had calculations trumping observed facts.

Winter Dellenbach stated she would have two minutes to try to save herself
if an accident occurred. The children at Barron Park School would have
either 45 seconds or 2 minutes; she could not remember which. She asked
how they would learn of an accident. She wanted to know if there was a
clean-up of the discharge into Matadero Creek. The Council knew CPI was
incompatible with the neighborhood. Residents' health and safety were at
risk. She wished CPI had taken half the time and cost to move the plating
shop to an appropriate and reasonable place.

Robert Moss had over 40 years' experience working with toxic and
hazardous materials. CPI would not succeed with any of the organizations
he had worked with. The claim that the risk area was only 33 feet was
absurd. A low-level toxic spill had caused a resident more than 100 feet
away to be sickened. The Council should begin amortizing it. If CPI had one
more event, he wanted it shut down. The most important thing was
protecting public health and safety. If CPI was incapable of doing that, it
was up to the Council. Adequate controls and performance meant more
than having a plan. The Fire Department should provide only a 15-minute
notice of inspection, so there was no possibility of hiding problems.
Protecting the public was important, and that meant enforcing good, quality
controls. They were depending on the Council and Staff to save lives.

                                     23                           04/23/2012
