                               MINUTES
if the soil was not available currently, it could be a future potential sound
mitigation.

Council Member Espinosa asked them to address the issue of staffing in
Option G.

Mr. De Geus said that there was very little City Staff involved in the golf
course since the City outsourced that maintenance. He said it was less than
half of a full time employee, and that would stay the same.

Greg Betts, Community Services Director, said it was also helpful to repeat
what Mr. Richardson said about the reduction of managed turf from 135
acres to 90 acres. That would not only result in a reduction of water use,
but also a reduction of fertilizers, pest controls, and staffing time.

Council Member Espinosa asked about the photos that showed the before
and after. The first time he looked at them there seemed to be a greater
focus on hills and creating natural habitats. He said that it may just be the
shots that were included but he wanted to make sure that was discussed.
He asked if any concerns had come up about what could really be done in
terms of creating the ideal golf landscape from the flat homogenic approach
there was currently.

Mr. Richardson said they would attain change in all the Options aside by
lowering areas to form wetlands and using that material to create elevation
changes elsewhere. He thought the elevation changes could vary from +/- 5
feet over the old course to +/- 15 feet.

Council Member Burt asked if the new stress analysis assumed certain
changes in both economic conditions more broadly as well as changes in golf
patterns and play. He asked if there were factors that went into what would
drive the lower numbers of rounds and green fees.

Mr. De Geus said Staff asked the NGF about Option G and pushed them to
look at a “what if” scenario because weather and the economy were
uncontrollable.

Council Member Burt asked if the stressors they placed on Option G would
apply to the existing golf course.

Mr. De Geus said they would. He noted they did not do sensitivity or stress
analysis on the other three options, and that would also have an impact on
them.

                                                                       Page 12 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
