                                MINUTES
Council did not then it violated CEQA and placed people’s health and safety
at risk.

Mr. Larkin said much had been made of the barium plume underneath the
property, which had been there at least 40 years. He said it covered a huge
area of that part of Palo Alto and the underground water flow continued
northeasterly to the Page Mill Road underpass where it was pumped out and
dumped into Matadero Creek where it was exposed to everyone. He said
they retained a mitigation expert that initially designed a sub slab ventilation
system which the Water Board found adequate. On top of that by request of
the City they agreed to do a full vapor barrier covering the entire property.
They also agreed to make the ventilation system active rather than passive
and they agreed to air testing on all the levels. He said that Mr. Moss turned
in several e-mails prior to the Council meeting and the Applicant’s
consultant, Dr. Reinis, commented on that. He provided those comments for
the record.

Council Member Holman said it was a site with promise. It was a large scale
site located near transit.     The Applicant was not responsive to ARB
comments for change. It was seven months since the Applicant was at
Council with statements of wanting the project to return as a PTOD at a
smaller size. There were issues of compatibility and transition that were
brought up and concerns about the appropriate use and design components.
She stated those were findings 2, 3 and 5. She said the concerns had not
been addressed; it was still one large project. She said there seemed to be
a disconnect in some of the commercial projects that went through the ARB
between what the community was looking to see and what was seen in the
residential developments. She did not believe this project would receive
favorable comments about its look and feel if it were built as currently
designed.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve Staff recommendation to deny the Architectural Review
Application (uphold the appeal) by approving the Record of Land Use Action
for Denial. If Council acts to deny the project, no action on the Mitigated
Negative Declaration is required. Additionally, Findings 1, 2, 3, and 5 cannot
be made.

Council Member Holman thought that it could have been a very good project
if there had been some direction taken to break it into smaller scale
components. She said it looked like big box housing. As far as compatibility
and transition, she thought the ARB members that voted for the project
went by memory because there were no context drawings or photos in the
materials provided. She personally had a reaction to the project and an
                                                                          Page 34 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 6/4/12
