conformed to the Palo Alto zoning rules. Given the facts, any attempt by the
City to target CPI would be unjustified, unenforceable, and unlawful. There
is no threat to the health or safety of the community. Attempting to
eliminate CPI based upon fears not supported by evidence would be
discriminating, and CPI would oppose such an attempt. If the City did
attempt to eliminate CPI and adopt an amortization period, the only
reasonable amortization period would be at least 40 years as determined in
the report from Marshall and Stevens that was provided to the Council. As a
longstanding member of the Palo Alto community, they preferred not to fight
against the City. Therefore, CPI urged the City Council to adopt some form
of the third option in the Staff Report, for CPI to continue to work with the
City and the neighbors to further reduce the risk and promote the health and
safety of the employees and the neighbors.

Steve Maher, Risk Management Professionals, indicated his firm had been in
business since 1995. He had been in the industry, performing a variety of
risk management actions since the early 1980s.             Risk Management
Professionals were considered specialists in risk-based applications. Risk
Management Professionals had given technology in various annual California
Certified Unified Program Agencies (CUPA) conferences that fire departments
attended. Twice the company had been asked to share its approaches for
dealing with potentially hazardous issues, especially related to cyanide.
Under key services, California Accidental Release Prevention (CalARP)
program had been referred to as Title XIX. From a CalARP perspective,
experts considered severe events with some limiting assumptions that made
the analyses extreme and worse than reality. Some of the assumptions
were everything being outdoors and no active safety measures being
applied. Experts applied those to potassium cyanide solution spills, solid
particle release, and nitric acid spills to ensure the community was
protected. Even with all these boundary conditions, these spills would not
go any further than 33 feet.         CalARP had some significant limiting
approaches from a regulatory perspective. CPI asked Risk Management
Professionals to look beyond that, at occurrences such as extreme
earthquakes and people deliberately mixing chemicals. Risk Management
Professionals found that, even with those extreme events, CPI had exceeded
all industry practices. CPI's actions in terms of creating an inherently safer
design was consistent with the industry in terms of implementing these best
safety practices.

Samir Tuma recognized much work had been accomplished. However, the
work was not over and the situation remained untenable. There remained a
substantial quantity of toxic chemicals behind the neighborhood. There was
just under the threshold of 100 pounds of potassium cyanide and just under
the threshold of 1,000 pounds of nitric acid. CPI had done a good job of
meeting the technical requirements, but getting under those thresholds did
not make it safe. CPI produced a significant amount of hazardous by-

                                      9                          04/23/2012
