                               MINUTES
Sleeping Beauty and it will play through November 10, 2012, 3) Painting and
light repair in the University Avenue underpass was scheduled from
November 5th through the 16th, 2012, 4) the Cubberley Community Advisory
Committee would hold a community forum on November 7, 2012.

Mayor Yeh announced that at 6 P.M. on Tuesday, November 13, 2012 there
would be a tribute to honor former Mayor Gary Fazzino in the Council
Chambers. The public was invited to participate.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Stephanie Munoz said changing zoning laws to replace undesirable residents
with wealthy residents was dishonest. Mobile homes were allowed only in
designated outlying areas. Residents of the mobile homes were persuaded
to vote for annexation into Palo Alto but were being evicted to make more
money for the City.

Marianne Neuwirth explained she was attempting to obtain her security
deposit from her previous landlord. She contacted the Palo Alto Mediation
Group who referred her to the City Attorney's Office, who referred her to the
District Attorney's Office, who referred her to the Police Department. She
wanted to bring the situation to the Council's attention and ask for advice on
next steps.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the minutes of September 24, 2012 and October 1, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Rita Vrhal reported all issues had not been resolved with regard to Agenda
Item Number 8; Record of Land Use Action for a Conditional Use Permit
Amendment Allowing the Operation of a New Pre-Kindergarten Program.
The church would not honor the existing fence line and further negotiation
was needed. The dispute could lead to litigation. She asked for this Item to
be removed from the Consent Calendar.

John Miller, architect for the project referenced in Agenda Item Number 8;
Record of Land Use Action for a Conditional Use Permit Amendment Allowing
the Operation of a New Pre-Kindergarten Program, reported the Diocese of
San Jose wanted to maintain the use of its property. The project needed to
                                                                         Page 2 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/5/12
