brand or car dealer was important to freeway visibility, and was one of the
primary reasons the factories desired it.

Council Member Holman inquired if a digital billboard was requisite for an
Anderson move to the MSC site.

Mr. Emslie reported that it had not been communicated to Staff that a digital
billboard was an absolute prerequisite for a move to occur; however it would
be a nice addition. He thought freeway visibility with appropriate signage
compatible with the Baylands setting would suffice. He did not know of one
recent auto dealer that had relocated to the freeway that did not have some
sort of electronic message associated with it, either onsite or close by. He
noted Fremont Auto Mall, San Leandro and Milpitas Auto Mall all had digital
billboards and an Oakland dealership located across from the Coliseum
shared a reader board with the Coliseum.

Council Member Holman repeated she looked forward to receiving
information about the physical appearance of a digital billboard. She asked
why the Animal Services site specifically, as opposed to elsewhere on the
MSC property.

Mr. Emslie explained Animal Services was not dependent on shared facilities
for operations, so it could be severed without affecting any other use. He
noted many different operations shared yard space on the remaining 15
acres, and that would have to be reconfigured which required more study.
He indicated the Animals Services site was more readily deliverable. He
stated the withdrawal of Mountain View and the possibility of contracting
services removed the need to replace the Animal Services site, which was a
significant cost barrier. He thought a reconfiguration and study of the
remainder of the MSC site spoke to the potential of adding dealers in the
future, allowing this site to become a destination. He stated his experience
with this situation in other communities indicated one dealer's success in the
area generated increased interest by other dealers. He felt determining
future sites was critical in terms of capturing and positioning existing dealers
as well as attracting those from outside the area.

Council Member Holman recalled she and Council Member Burt had talked to
Staff about boutique auto dealerships, primarily located at Stanford
Shopping Center. She did not know if Staff had been pursuing that as an
option. She said monetizing land and how that competed with community
values was always an interesting discussion.




                                   21                     March 26, 2012
