                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene thought Council Member Shepherd said that most of what
happened fell on current workers. The changes that had been or needed to
be made would exclude or grandfather current workers from that.

Council Member Shepherd said they had asked concessions of current
workers. They shared the medical costs. There was nowhere to go other
than current employees and new hires which put the City into angst and
disruption in having a consistent thoughtful way to work with the workers.
She was interested in Council Member Schmid’s comments regarding the
age structures. She heard current infants had a life expectancy of up to
100, which meant there needed to be a Social Security tier two nationally.
She appreciated Ms. Shen’s attention to crafting public sector careers. City
Staff was often more involved than the Council Members because they
served the public. Even though the City offered market rate or near market
rate salaries they demanded and expected intelligent workers. She was glad
for the reset and the opportunity to think broadly about what it meant to be
a public sector worker.

Ms. Shen said she and Mr. Keene discussed an open employee program
where employees could bid on task force and projects in other departments
so they could see possibilities within other departments. She thought
implementing such a program could make a career with Palo Alto exciting
and cutting edge.

Council Member Shepherd said it was amazing what the City had to offer
employees. The range of available jobs was spectacular. The City kept its
credit rating and had reserves and effectively tried to maintain its
equilibrium, which was of real interest to people who wanted to be mobile in
their careers.

Council Member Klein said the City and public were dependent on high
quality City employees. Earlier in the year he spoke with a venture capitalist
who asked why Public Safety employees’ salaries could not be cut in half.
He told him that the City would lose those employees because of the market
rate, which shocked the venture capitalist. The community and its workers
faced a conundrum. They wanted to offer appropriate scale wages and
benefits, but were unable to pay for them at the scale at which they were
presently increasing. Because of that he thought the next meetings needed
to focus on the Bureau of Labor Statistics figures which indicated that
employees with over 1,000 employees paid 77 percent of the cost of family
medical plans. Palo Alto had over 1,000 employees and paid 90 percent. He
understood that few cities offered family coverage and that was something
they needed to focus on. He was not automatically saying they should cut it
because they wanted to maintain a high quality workforce. He wanted more
                                                                        Page 15 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
