paying into the assessment district would reduce the payment of the rest of
the participants already in the assessment district, that it essentially diluted
what the participants paid.

Mr. Williams said that was correct, but that Mr. Larkin knew more details than
he did.

Mr. Larkin said that was correct.

Council Member Burt confirmed that if the Applicant paid the In Lieu fee that
those dollars would go into an In Lieu Fund and be dedicated toward creating
new parking spaces downtown at a future date.

Mr. Williams said that was correct and that the In Lieu Fund was targeted
toward construction.

Council Member Burt said that they had heard different arguments about to
what degree TDM programs reduced the need for parking. He said that
Council Member Espinosa was concerned that they were designed to
essentially force people out of cars essentially, versus whether they would be
programs that would reduce people’s choice to drive and therefore have less
need for parking spaces. He asked what the intention was of the TDM
program; was it to choke off parking to force people to not drive or was it to
provide initiatives so that people would drive less and use transit more.

Mr. Williams said the objective was to provide more choices and opportunities
to use different modes of transportation.

Council Member Burt said that the community was concerned that TDM
programs would not have the degree of impact on reducing the demand for
parking that was stated in the proposal. He said that he would like the public
to have access to the information and suggested there could be a range of
studies provided so the community would have the opportunity to read them
and judge them. He said that he hoped the studies included would be the
ones that Staff identified as credible and reflecting a range of professional
opinion.

Mr. Williams said Staff could post the studies.

Council Member Burt said that if the TDM was as successful at reducing
parking demands as the Applicant believed it could through in lieu or onsite
parking; it could be construed as a public benefit. If it was less successful
there might be a need to mitigate the demand that was created. He would
not want to see the dollars go into the assessment district to reduce the cost
to others. He wanted parking increased in the downtown area, which was
                                    22                   March 12, 2012
