                               MINUTES
Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director/Chief Financial Officer reported
this was the third Civil Grand Jury report from the County. The Grand Jury's
main focus was pension and healthcare liability, with a concern regarding the
impact to city services throughout the County and the financial burden for
taxpayers. Palo Alto was one of the leaders in restructuring employee
benefits by implementing a two-tier pension and extending the retirement
age for new employees. Current employees would cost share for pension
and healthcare including into retirement for healthcare. The vesting period
for retired medical eligibility had been changed to a longer period before
being eligible for benefits. In order to curtail some pension and healthcare
liability costs, services had been contracted in various sectors of City
services. The Council recognized that previous benefit plans were not
sustainable; therefore, changes focused on equity among employee groups
and were phased in based on contract due dates.             Staff anticipated
additional changes would be needed based on projections and forecasts and
the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS) returns.
Legislative changes were also being proposed, discussed, and approved.
Additional discussions of healthcare and pension were scheduled for
September 18, 2012. As Staff reviewed cost structures, employees should
recognize that the Council valued them and the services they provided.
Staff provided proposed answers prepared by Staff from the City Attorney's
Office, Human Resources, and Administrative Services Departments.
Responses to the Civil Grand Jury were due by September 15, 2012.

David Ramberg, Assistant Director Administrative Services indicated the
Council began providing data to the Grand Jury in January 2012 in response
to an extensive questionnaire distributed to cities in Santa Clara County.
Staff met with the Grand Jury in February 2012 to clarify questions and to
provide additional data. In June 2012, the Grand Jury released its report
which included ten recommendations. The Staff Report reviewed each
recommendation. One recommendation was applicable to the City of San
Jose only. The City had taken action on the first cluster containing five
recommendations. Recommendation 1 was to extend the retirement age.
The City extended the retirement age for miscellaneous and Public Safety
groups to 60 and 55 years of age respectively. Recommendation 2A was to
have second tier plans for miscellaneous groups. The City had done that.
Recommendation 2B was to establish second tier plans for Public Safety,
which the City had done. However, the City had not closed the gap with the
Police Management Association, but Staff expected to do that shortly.
Recommendation 3 called for a policy for funding benefit enhancements. On
April 9, 2012, the City Council approved the Labor Guiding Principles which
contained the policy. Recommendation 5 was to establish a funding policy
for the required contribution for retiree medical. The City Council approved
a policy in 2007. The second cluster contained four recommendations that
                                                                       Page 20 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
