                               MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd indicated the Substitute Motion was moving this
Item past the 45 days that the Council set for its resolution. She asked
when the Council would have the information it needed to make a decision
on allowing the pipeline projects to proceed.

Mr. Williams estimated Staff would return to the Council with information in
March or April 2013. The Council would have to determine whether the
information was sufficient to take action at that time.

Council Member Shepherd could not support the Substitute Motion.             The
Council needed to move forward with some certainty for the applicants.

Council Member Burt was concerned that the March or April timeframe was
too long.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION to direct Staff to
return within 60 days with whatever measures they are able to come up with
at the time.

Council Member Holman was glad to have this incorporated. She asked
what would happen if one of the projects received ARB approval before Staff
returned with information in 60 days.

Ms. Stump explained developers under the law as approved had the option
to proceed without the one-to-one exemption. The moratorium was in
place. When Staff returned with additional information in 60 days, the
Council could take action and provide for some exception.

Council Member Holman wanted to ensure that a project was not vested
through the ARB process.

Ms. Stump stated a project could vest under the current law.

Mr. Keene added the project would have to meet the parking requirements
without the exemption.

Council Member Espinosa expressed concern about the pressure placed by
the 60-day timeframe on the Planning Department.

Mr. Keene felt the shorter timeframe would impact the resulting information
rather than the larger issue.



                                                                      Page 33 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/10/12
