                               MINUTES
be integrated with the baylands. He thought it was a great opportunity and
he looked forward to it. He counted on Staff to continue with sound and
prudent forecasting and financial controls on the project and that it was
actually something that the independent analysis showed as a good
investment for the City.

Council Member Price said the project was long overdue and met several of
the City’s goals related to the Comprehensive Plan. There was significant
deliberation about the needs to redesign the golf course and address the
long term irrigation issues. She thought Option G was thoughtful and well
designed. It promoted issues related to improvements in operations and the
playing experience for the golfers. She said that Palo Alto was one of the
few cities that had a golf course within its boundaries and they were very
fortunate with that. They had a responsibility to take care of and improve it.
She was comfortable with the financial analysis and assumed based on the
conversation that the City would seek other partners and potential funding.
She looked forward to the project, thought it was very exciting, and thanked
everyone involved.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that when the project came to the Finance
Committee he thought there would be many tradeoffs deciding between
options. Option G really stood out and there really were not any negatives.
He said it was a win for the community to get the three playing fields. Land
was very hard to find in Palo Alto. He said that the fact that they could do
the project and end up with a fantastic golf course that would stand out
among its competition was fabulous. He thought the program was fantastic
for the community and was great for everyone. He was very pleased with
the direction the project went and thanked everyone for their hard work.

Council Member Holman asked when the Council would be able to look at the
environmental analysis and funding options. She said that they were not
making a decision on funding that evening.

Mr. De Geus said the timeline was defined by the JPA and when they were
ready to do the levy work. The soonest they would be able to move dirt and
work on the levy was likely to be summer 2013. Staff wanted to move
aggressively with Mr. Richardson in an effort continue the design and
environmental work. This would begin the process of Council, architectural
review, and planning in the fall.

Council Member Holman said she did not like COP Bonds. She confirmed
that when they returned to Council Staff would bring a scenario of different
financial kinds of means.

                                                                        Page 26 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
