                                MINUTES
Mr. De Geus said yes.

Council Member Holman thought Mr. Richardson had done a very good job.
She was the Parks and Recreation Liaison when the project first came to
them and there was significant excitement there. She was disappointed
when it came forward the first time that the building component was not
included. She said that it was a shame that they lost the original A. Quincy
Jones designs. The buildings were fabulous and she was pleased to see that
there was the potential for that design to return to its original location. She
was more comfortable with Option D because of the financial components,
but she recognized the opportunities with Option G. She wanted to see the
funding options and scenarios and have the environmental impacts for the
noise and lighting.

Mayor Yeh said he would support the Motion but had similar sentiments as
Council Member Holman. He said that while they were not in the same
office, he had worked at the same firm as Mr. Seqol and he respected and
appreciated the analysis he provided. Part of the issue for him was on the
pro forma there was a potential for projected deficit if there were reduced
rounds. That was his greater concern. He wanted to anticipate the rebound
in the interest in golf and having a great course. If that did not occur, those
funds would come from the General Fund prior to 2014 and he wanted to be
sure that the Council was as confident as possible that they did not find
themselves in that situation. He said that was not a good situation for the
City. That was enough to raise concerns and see how they could do their
best to ensure that they do not get into the situation where the General
Fund would subsidize golf operations. He was very excited by the fields and
the opportunity to put more recreation activities in that part of the City, but
within the challenging financial context he thought the earlier the Council
had the opportunity to discuss the revenue options the better served and
positioned they would be to decide how to move forward with the financing.

Council Member Schmid was concerned when he heard the statement that
the Community Services budget could absorb some of the cost. He asked if
Staff was comfortable accepting Mr. Seqol’s numbers and that $2.1 million
was directly attributable to the difference of Option G over Option D.

Mr. De Geus said that he had not had the opportunity to look closely at the
numbers.

Council Member Schmid said it would be helpful for Staff to do that. He
understood that there would still be the need to pay for the fields. He
clarified that somewhere in the 2014 budget the City would have to find the
funds for the field.
                                                                         Page 27 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
