Vice Mayor Scharff stated in terms of the revenue and auto dealership, he
stated the plan was to determine a date for it to go to a regular Council
meeting or to an Infrastructure meeting.

Council Member Price inquired if the City envisioned an upgrade or
reconfiguration of the whole MSC site.

Mr. Emslie reported the IBRC recommended an expanded study of the MSC
as a whole to review the possibility of consolidating the site, which would
provide more frontage for revenue producing uses, or relocating the MSC in
total or in part. Staff's budget proposal included the expanded study so that
the study could begin with Council's approval of the budget. He indicated
the study would consider the possibility of swapping land with some of the
auto dealers.

Council Member Price confirmed the study was part of Staff's proposal per
budget discussions, and that would not be the subject of discussion at the
current meeting.

Mr. stated unless there was some more desire for Council to discuss it
further, Staff would build that cost into the budget.

Council Member Schmid suggested any referrals should go to the Policy &
Services Committee, as it did not have the constraints of April and May and
the Council was discussing City services, Animal Services, hotels, land use,
City offices and planning.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to have the Mayor appoint a Council ad-hoc subcommittee to work
with Staff to discuss the future of animal services delivery.

Council Member Burt stated that the Council had commented on a variety of
aspects, and the subcommittee should continue to explore the range of
comments.

Council Member Shepherd thought the Animal Services venue was sketchy
and needed to be better defined for an RFP. She thought it would be wise to
work with Council Members to ensure all items were covered. She asked if
procedurally that would return to the Council.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council was faced with some major policy decisions;
therefore, Staff would perform research in support of that. He viewed the


                                  29                    March 26, 2012
