    Mr. Williams stated that was the Comprehensive Plan designation; LI was
    light industrial.

    Council Member Burt asked if they were both Light Industrial.

    Mr. Williams replied they were both LI.

    Council Member Burt inquired whether schools were currently permitted
    with a CUP.

    Mr. Williams answered yes.

    Council Member Burt indicated they were not previously required to have a
    CUP, and no others had come forward since the CUP had been required.

    Mr. Williams stated Staff had discussions with people about them, but they
    hadn't filed.

    Council Member Burt stated this was about having schools and daycare
    facilities adjacent to facilities with hazardous materials in significant
    quantities. He thought people didn't grasp that these were significant
    liability issues for businesses and significant risk potentials for school
    children unless these issues were discussed in this manner. He inquired if
    there was an intention to change a Conditional Use of schools in LI to not
    permitted.

    Mr. Williams replied that was the recommendation.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked what was meant by high-end R&D, how was that
    different from office space, was office space allowed as a subset of R&D,
    was it just high-end R&D where people had to be performing an R&D
    process, and what did that mean.

    Mr. Williams thought that was a good question, and one Staff had to grapple
    with. He said the distinctions between office and R&D were difficult to
    make, but thought Staff would attempt to define them so that R&D truly
    involved developing a product and moved away from professional offices.

    Vice Mayor Scharff agreed and had hoped Staff would take this direction.
    He would like to determine if there was incubator space. He thought people
    creating applications fit within the innovation view of the world, and
    processes involving innovation should be allowed. He thought start-up
    activities should be included, and inquired if that was included in Staff's
    thoughts.


                                    9                   February 13, 2012 
 
