Mr. Williams stated this was similar to performance zoning. He explained
separating certain types of uses from residential areas versus separating
uses with certain types and quantities of hazardous materials from
residential areas. Staff would review that.

Mr. Keene noted there was a good potential for conflicting perspectives on
this issue, and this was additional review and analysis. The wisest move
would be to direct this level of review and due diligence in advance of
subsequent decisions.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to include within the best practices, best zoning practices.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the City had ever requested a company
amortize its building and exit this type of manufacturing.

Mr. Williams was not aware of that occurring with a Research Park property
adjacent to Barron Park.      It had occurred with Fry’s Electronics and
approximately ten other uses in the late 1980s in areas where the City
wanted to promote residential use.

Council Member Shepherd suggested that information would be useful to the
Council. She was concerned about the neighbors and the habitat and having
research in a safe manner.

Council Member Price originally supported option one; however, discussions
indicated additional study was appropriate.     She was concerned about
assessment and evaluation requiring too much time. She agreed with the
comments regarding health and public safety. She expressed concerns
about balancing Staff's workload with a sense of urgency. The best zoning
practice would be not to allow this to occur next to residential properties.
She assumed modeling would be reviewed in the risk assessment study by a
third party.   She suggested the consultant consider the feasibility of
additional improvements.

INDORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct Staff return with the results of the consultant
study and the subsequent City action with a goal of six months or less.

Council Member Burt asked the City Manager for comments on that sort of
timeframe.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff's preference was to present recommendations. If
that was unacceptable, he suggested the language be a goal of returning


                                    28                          04/23/2012
