                               MINUTES
Richards that the character and safety of neighborhoods trumped intrusive
parking. There was a right there and numerous lower courts upheld that
ruling. He said that as far as the size and length of the time of the RPP it
was determined by the City and not by the business people or residents. It
was based on available assets, including financial assets. The City would
monitor results and could modify the pilot program. He said that forcing
parkers into other areas was another major problem. As mentioned the pilot
was not a solution, it was a test for a solution. Many residents noted that
there were packed streets and wondered where the relocated cars would
park. He said it would obviously move the parked cars out somewhat, but it
was temporary and the six months was better than the six years the
residents had experienced with the problem. After the RPP, the next step
was to apply what was learned to the larger region.             The cost and
accessibility of permits after the first free permit, the $50.00 charge per
permit, was a charge only to users. He said that if a person did not need the
permit, they did not have to pay for it. Many people had driveways and
garages, some did not. He said that at least the cost was borne by the users
and not by all residents of the City as would be the case if the City absorbed
the cost. The nonresident permits were negotiated to help bridge long term
solutions. He said that if residents wanted an RPP program it would not
happen without the pilot program as it was presented.

Barbara Gross said that she and Chop Keenan were representing the Palo
Alto Downtown Business Association. Chop Keenan, Russ Cohen, and herself
were seated on the City sponsored Parking Committee that discussed the
public/private parking interests of the downtown commercial district and the
neighborhood of Professorville. She said parking was a complicated issue
that had a direct influence on the success of the business district and had
overflow impacts on surrounding residential areas. She said that there was
always a parking deficit in the downtown and there was always a mixed use
of space which spilled over into the residential area. There was also always
a parking deficit in Professorville as garages were converted to other uses,
driveways were eliminated to expand gardens, and garages in the back
alleys were too small for modern vehicles or had been converted to other
uses.    She said that office space changed over the past years to
accommodate more Staff. She said that families had increased the number
of cars per household and most could no longer self-park on their own
property. Representatives of the Professorville neighborhood communicated
multiple messages. They said the streets were filled with nonresidential
parked cars that remained there throughout the business day. That created
a crowding on the streets which did not allow residents the ability to park
near their homes or re-park their cars during the day. She said that created
a safety issue with drivers behaving poorly while looking for parking spaces
and parking too close together causing vehicle damage and blocking
                                                                        Page 11 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
