                                   MINUTES
typically lasted until 6:00 P.M.

Council Member Holman noted 195 complaints in 2011 and 59 complaints in
the first three months of 2012, and inquired about the source and/or
proximity of the complaining parties.

Mr. Anderson did not have that information.

Council Member Holman supported music, the arts, and free speech, but felt
that was not dependent on amplification. She would not approve amplified
music prior to 6:00 P.M. If the Council approved the proposed amendments,
Staff did not have the capability to monitor the noise level in Lytton Plaza.
In her experience, the music was loud and not conducive to enjoyment of
the Downtown area. Cooking implements should be banned from Lytton
Plaza, because of safety issues and staining of the pavement.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
XXXX to disallow amplified music at Lytton Plaza.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to:     1) adopt the amendment to Palo Alto Municipal Code
22.04.180 to Title 22 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (Attachment A) to
impose time and use limitations for sound amplification equipment at Lytton
Plaza, and 2) approve the amendments to the Park and Open Space Rules
and Regulations R1-4, R1-5A, R1-5B, and R1-10B (Attachment B) to
establish the specific times frames for amplified sound and the rules for the
management of amplified music at Lytton Plaza (Attachment B), 3) Change
language in the Park and Open Space Regulations Section R1-10B Lytton
Plaza Noise Regulation to reflect a Monday through Thursday start time of
6:00 P.M. instead of 5:00 P.M., and 4) Permit fee change to what staff
determines to be full cost recovery not to exceed $200.

Council Member Klein felt the Motion was an appropriate compromise. This
procedure would require self-policing by musical groups. The workday in
Palo Alto ended at 6:00 p.m. or later, and a start time of 6:00 P.M. was
appropriate. Permit fees should provide cost recovery. He supported a ban
on the use of electrical outlets for cooking.

Mr. Anderson reported the City had an existing Park regulation prohibiting
cooking implements in parks. The issue appeared to be enforcement of the
regulation.

                                                                       Page 19 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
