Vice Mayor Scharff said that Staff items 1 – 3 were acceptable. He said that
the Council should make the $29,700 addition to the contract.             He
appreciated that Staff was carefully thinking items though and would only do
the parts that were necessary right now and save the rest for later. He said
that the composting issue was more difficult. He questioned if Council would
get more information.

Mr. Bobel said they assumed there would be questions from tonight that
they would bring back additional information on.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if it would be clear enough direction if Council told
Staff to continue the composting operations until they have enough
compost.

Mr. Bobel said yes.     That would mean continuation of about one to two
months.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if they would save Staff time on this if Council
gave that direction tonight instead of in June 2012.

Mr. Bobel answered yes

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to accept
Staff recommendation to:
     1. Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute
        Contract Amendment No. 1 to Contract No. C11136602 with
        Alternative Resources Inc., (ARI) in the amount of $29,700 for
        assisting the City in generating a process and timeline for considering
        an Energy/Compost Facility on the 10-acre site made available by
        Measure E, for a total contract amount of $227,458;
     2. Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the
        contract with Golder Associates, Inc. (Golder) in the amount of
        $193,713 for the final landfill cap design and $19,400 for additional
        services for a total contract amount of $213,113;
     3. Direct staff to continue dialogue with regulatory agencies to obtain
        approval for a postponement of final capping of the landfill for one
        construction season (from 2012 to 2013) so that Council can retain all
        options while the process and timeline for considering an
        Energy/Compost Facility is developed;
     4. To continue composting only until we have enough compost for the
        vegetative soil; and
     5. Direct staff to return to Council in approximately three months to
        present the process and timeline for considering an Energy/Compost

                                    19                    February 6, 2012
  
