    Council Member Shepherd thanked Staff for their hard work and due
    diligence in preparing the Recommendation to take advantage of low
    interest rates. She thought the savings of approximately $250,000 per year
    was indicative of Staff's good work. She stated refinancing would be good
    for Palo Alto and the Assessment District.

    Vice Mayor Scharff thanked Staff for preparing the Recommendation prior to
    the deadline of March 2. He thought the Bonds were a good deal, because
    the rating agency underrated them and the risk would probably be less than
    the BBB rating. He inquired if Staff had an indication of the interest rate
    residents would receive.

    Mr. Saccio reported the analysis in mid-January indicated the average
    coupon was approximately 4.5 percent, and the last analysis indicated it
    could be higher. He stated Staff had shared information with one or two
    people on the Parking Committee, and they thought it was a good yield.

    Vice Mayor Scharff noted residents could receive a 4.5 percent tax-free
    return by investing in their community. He didn't know of any other
    investments with a 4.5 percent return, and supported the Motion.

    Council Member Burt indicated the Agenda for the year included addressing
    the downtown parking shortfall. He asked who received the savings.

    Mr. Saccio explained in triple-net leases, where taxes were passed on to the
    lessees, the lessees would receive the savings. If the property owner paid
    the assessment, the savings would go to the property owner.

    Council Member Burt stated it was a return to the property owner; and
    inquired whether the savings could stay in the Assessment District to create
    additional parking downtown.

    Mr. Saccio stated the benefits would accrue to the original property owners
    in the Assessment District and to no one else.

    Mayor Yeh asked what the denomination would be for members of the
    public who were interested.

    Mr. Saccio reported the minimum investment was $5,000, with increments
    of $5,000.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the City could invest in the Bonds, given the
    City's current rate of return was 2.6 percent or 2.1 percent.



                                   37                  February 13, 2012 
 
