                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman was hesitant because the neighborhood was built
up and much of it was Professorville she did not believe it would have much
of an impact.

Vice Mayor Scharff said they were looking at more than Professorville. The
Council was basically doing a comprehensive for Downtown North and South.
He thought they were looking at it on a comprehensive basis and was not
suggesting that there should be an outcome, just that it be evaluated as one
of the concerns.

Council Member Holman said she was comfortable as the seconder of Motion
now that it included the Incorporation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to evaluate the use of $250k currently budgeted
in the Lytton Gateway Project.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that the other comment that Council Member
Holman made was related to the $250,000. He was not suggesting they use
it immediately, but the Council never agreed to do an RPP so they could not
have placed the funds aside for that. He thought the question was should
that money be used and could it be used to get relief. If Staff had that
money to use, he asked if they would make faster and better progress. He
stressed that he simply wanted to evaluate how to use the money. He
thought the Council was taking a good approach and trying to solve the
problem on a comprehensive basis. Staff’s efforts needed to be focused on
the comprehensive basis because they did not have time to do both. It was
not saying no to an RPP permanently, it was focusing on the comprehensive
basis for six months.

Mr. Keene said the intent of the Motion was that unless the Council
redirected Staff in the six month time frame that they were taking work on
and assessments of RPP as a part of the solution off the table and shifting
the attention to see if Staff could identify solutions that may not require an
RPP program. Staff would look at ways to solve the problem though TDM,
additional parking, and other means knowing that at the end of the six
month period Staff would have enough information presented to Council that
Council would know what it would take to move forward on that front or if it
wanted to bring back up RPP.

Council Member Holman clarified the language by adding the phrase “at this
time.” She felt that made Council’s intentions more clearly stated.


                                                                        Page 40 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
