Mr. Keene stated the questions and initial responses from Staff began on
page 5 of 11 in the handout. He understood the IBRC recommendations
were generally founded in the status quo from an organization and service
perspective. In other words the IBRC didn't contemplate different methods
for providing services or take recommendations from other sources to
determine needs and solutions resulting from a different method of providing
services.

Public Safety Chief, Dennis Burns thanked the IBRC for their attention and
thorough work on this complex subject. He reported this project had been in
the process for over 27 years within the Police Department, and there were
dozens of documents and Staff Reports he wanted to summarize and present
to the Council. He indicated the 2006 Blue Ribbon Task Force and the
current IBRC recommended a 49,000 square foot facility, which was
essentially the same size as the San Mateo Police Department. He thought
the numbers being used could be confusing because of the way the buildings
were designed and the spaces were measured. He reported the population
of San Mateo was 93,000 compared to Palo Alto at 64,000, however, Palo
Alto increased to 110,000 during the day; San Mateo had 142 employees of
which 106 were sworn compared to Palo Alto's 157 police employees of
which 91 were sworn. He indicated the exact size of San Mateo's building
space was difficult to identify, that even the Staff there wasn't sure of the
size. He had heard the size of San Mateo's facility was 46,000 to 49,000
square feet. He stated the Blue Ribbon Task Force recommended the next
Public Safety Building be located on property on Park Boulevard. In 2008
the City had entered into a lease agreement in anticipation of building the
Facility there and had made payments on that, but eventually terminated
that agreement. He noted that space was still available. He said Staff had
worked with an architect and obtained a 30 percent design for building that
Facility on Park Boulevard. He indicated he would discuss the building
designs from Ross Drulis, the architect. With regard to the second question
to compare the Fire Study with the IBRC recommendations, he stated the
IBRC discussed improvements to Fire Stations 3 and 4. Fire Station 3 was
located at Newell and Embarcadero; Fire Station 4 was located at Middlefield
and Meadow. He reported they were still studying how to provide services,
if those locations were identical, as the IBRC recommended completely
remodeling Stations 3 and 4 at the current locations; whereas, the Fire
Utilization Study recommended merging Fire Stations 2 (located at Hanover
and Page Mill) and 5 (located at Clemo and Arastradero) at another location
further west towards 280. He didn't think the IBRC Study discussed that
action, because it was out of their scope. He indicated question 1 was to
provide an update on the perspective of the needs, Public Safety Building,
architectural program, ability to downsize, and program perspectives. He
thought the Public Safety Building could be smaller, but he didn't know how
much smaller. He indicated there was an opportunity to co-use areas. He
                                  27                   January 21, 2012 
 
