Camino near Matadero and Marguerite. Finally, he suggested the Council
retain the driveway and use it as a bike or pedestrian path rather than
having to undedicate it as parkland. That should be one of the first things
the consultant reviews. He further suggested that the Council require the
consultant meet with either Staff or the Planning & Transportation
Commission early on to get a better concept of what he was asked to do.

Herb Borock had learned in previous correspondence related to the Ronald
McDonald House that Mr. Arrillaga had talked to the Council, or at least
invited Council Members to discuss the project, which led him to believe a
decision had been made. He thought it was strange to be asking to spend
money on a project that might not occur. Normally a developer of a project
such as an office building would have an environmental review in which
there would be mitigations. He was surprised that the Staff Report didn't
include a diagram showing not only the area covered by this potential
project, but also the area covered by the proposed theater. He was
concerned that the project was described as fronting on El Camino Real,
because neither of these buildings fronted on El Camino Real. He indicated
there was dedicated parkland between the rear of those buildings and El
Camino Real. He stated the address for the Red Cross Building was 400
Mitchell Lane, and it was not part of 27 University Avenue. He reported it
was not even a separate assessor's parcel, but part of a larger parcel. He
believed that the lease between Stanford and the Red Cross ended on June
30, 2013.

Council Member Shepherd inquired how this whole concept plan figured into
intermodal transit.

Mr. Emslie reported this had been discussed numerous times as part of the
Dream Team concept, and the theater and intermodal center were parts of
that.     He noted that was incorporated, in a broad sense, into the
Comprehensive Plan. He stated it did not anticipate the office component.
He understood that was broad enough and, if it wasn't, the Council had the
ability to modify the Comprehensive Plan if it chose.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment stated
part of that whole concept was a public component. He thought Staff
wanted to be sure that, as development moved forward, there was a strong
public component, whether a theater or public access through the site. He
noted the whole site layout provided for public use in terms of plaza area.
He explained that did not mean it had to exclude private uses as well. He
thought that was embodied in the concept of the intermodal center and the
Dream Team vision.

Council Member Shepherd felt the vision in the Comprehensive Plan was
magnificent, but very expensive. She was glad the vision for this area would

                                    20                           3/05/2011
