this arose, but the Applicant just stated that they had not taken the one-to-
one.

Mr. Williams said that the Applicant took the one-to-one. He said that what
Mr. Baer was suggesting was that if they did not take the one-to-one and just
applied a 30 Percent reduction, it would get them to the 164 spaces. Council
would have to allow the 30 Percent reduction. He explained the Applicant was
providing 164 spaces, but at the time it was discussed originally there were
not the additional 34 spaces. There have been seven plus spaces added and
the potential 34 tandem attendant spaces would be included in that.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated that on the Staff Report with respect to attendant
parking it said there would be 25 to 34 spaces, but the Applicant said there
would be 34 spaces. He asked if there was a plan and if 34 spaces was the
best case scenario.

Mr. Williams said that the Applicant represented 34 as the best case scenario.
The Staff had not seen detailed plans to date.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that Code required a certain number of spaces the
Applicant had to meet, but nothing in the Code said anything about attendant
parking being a space. So when Staff says that the Applicant created 164
spaces, he disagreed. He said that they created 130 spaces and came up with
the other 34 in a creative way, which he welcomed. However, he said that if
the Applicant wanted to be technical, which he thought the Applicant did when
it talked about taking different exemptions, then it had not created the
spaces. He said that he was not sure how the Applicant got to 164 spaces
under the Code, when the Code provided no ability to do attendant parking.

Mr. Williams said that Vice Mayor Scharff was correct and that it would only
be allowed if the Council approved it as part of the PC.

Vice Mayor Scharff said the Applicant said it provided 34 spaces with the
attendant parking, but the Staff Report said 25 to 34 spaces. He asked the
Applicant if they had a commitment that it could do 34 spaces.

Mr. Smith said that he was not aware there was a range and that they could
commit to 34 spaces.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked how the attendant parking would work.

Michelle Wendler of Wadree Design said they did the layout for the attendant
parking and the facility. She said that if Council would look at middle level
plan, it showed the green spaces as the attendant parking. She said that you
would park in the drive aisle behind the spaces that were parked
                                  17                    March 12, 2012
