                      DRAFT MINUTES
He said that there was adequate width in the driveway to
accommodate people pulling into the spaces and for through
traffic on the driveway. Under the previous office configuration
use there was more traffic driving through to the back. With the
proposed configuration, other than the staff parking, traffic would
turn in front of the daycare which resulted in a reduced number
of trips on the driveway to the rear of the building. He said the
daycare facility would not be able to use the parking spots on the
neighbor’s property.

Council Member Shepherd said she had just wanted clarification
that there was nothing mingled.

Mr. Williams said it seemed to the Staff that there would be no
mingling. He said the neighbor had certain legal rights, but they
did not know how far those rights extended. He said they could
take action in the future but it would seem to be
counterproductive to block off the parking spaces because they
helped alleviate parking on the site.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to: 1) approve the Record of Land Use Action
approving a Site and Design review to allow a change in use from
office to day care center as well as other associated site
improvements at 2585 East Bayshore Road.

Council Member Price said it was clear that they needed quality
childcare in Palo Alto and she appreciated the public comments.
She was comfortable with the quality of the analysis and the
discussion in the Staff Report. She was also comfortable with the
traffic, parking, and circulation studies conducted. She thought
many of the issues were addressed that evening.

Council Member Schmid said he enthusiastically supported the
needed community facility and thanked the people who came out
and supported it.


                                                                   Page 30 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
