Vice Mayor Scharff said he thought that was a possibility.

Mr. Williams said if the office square footage increased, it would be more of a
parking demand.

Mr. Larkin thought that if there was a substantial change to the project that
would create additional environmental impacts, they would need to review the
negative declaration and recirculate. There was no harm in approving it
tonight with the understanding that if the project did come back significantly
changed that it would start the ball rolling again.

Council Member Shepherd said that in that case, it seemed to her that there
were some concerns in parts of the portion of Attachment A. She thought
that having it be developed more specifically and returned to Council and
possibly the PTC was a wise way to go. She stated she would support the
Motion. She loved the idea of having a nonprofit in the building and believed
that the Council needed to start thinking in that way. She said the City might
lose some nonprofit space with Cubberley if the School District took it over
and the Council would have to rethink what a public benefit was. She stated
nonprofits were good servants to the community and that it would be a wise
thing to do in an office space. She said that it was not important to her to
have it at a retail level, which she thought would be more of an attraction for
how the landowner and landlord want to integrate that into the viability of
retail on the first floor. She appreciated the Zip Car and thought that was an
innovative public benefit.      With respect to the public benefits portion
regarding the Go Passes, she said that the Clipper Card was really a different
feature that might emulate an Eco Pass but was not the Eco Pass. She
suggested researching that more.         She said that when she heard Pat
Markevitch talk about people taking their bicycle out of the back of their
vehicle so they could ride to Stanford, she knew that the City subsidized
Stanford with traffic overflow. She suggested thinking about hiring a transit
manager for the downtown area. She said that she thought the City was in
transition. She said that the mass of the building was not a concern to her.
The project was in direct relationship to the train station and the whole area
along Alma Street was an important area to look at as gateway projects. This
type of development would not be imposed on the rest of Palo Alto community
and yet at the same time solves the overflow parking so the neighborhoods
could have their quality of life back. She looked forward to the Architectural
Review Board working on a “wow” factor and she looked forward to finding
new ways to incorporate more parking. She said that they could not handle
the overflow unless they actually figured out how to get people either trip
diverted to Caltrain or VTA or build more parking garages.



                                  41                     March 12, 2012
