                                MINUTES
Council Member Klein said that in response to Council Member Burt’s
questions Mr. Jans talked about opening the structure so the inner courtyard
would be more visible from Park Boulevard. He asked if that was correct.

Mr. Jans said that the idea was to modify the entrances that were currently
in the project to induce more pedestrian traffic.

Council Member Klein confirmed the modifications would not change the
basic size of the project.

Mr. Jans replied that was correct.

Council Member Klein confirmed it would be the same number of units and
square feet.

Mr. Jans said that it depended on what the change was, but one thing they
looked at reduced the square footage of the Research and Development
(R&D) by about 500 square feet. He asked if he could comment on Mr.
William’s answer to an earlier question.

Mayor Yeh said he could respond.

Mr. Jans said that Mr. Williams was correct, .25 was the maximum you could
get for the R&D use under the PTOD. Part of his analysis was that they still
had the incentives under the State Housing Density Bonus Law and they
could use one of those to get more FAR for the R&D portion.

Council Member Klein said that Mr. Jans meant it was the same as PTOD
plus.

Council Member Holman asked Staff if the project had physically changed
since it was last before Council in October of 2011.

Mr. Williams said it had not changed.

Council Member Holman confirmed that there were no changes or responses
to prior ARB comments or Council Member comments on a 7-0 vote to send
it back to PTOD in the last seven months.

Mr. Williams said there were no changes other than withdrawing the
tentative map, so it was now a rental project. He said the Applicant was
scheduled a number of times to return to Council, but that had been delayed
primarily by their further requests.

                                                                      Page 28 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
