                               MINUTES
tax included a 10 percent decrease in Gas. Another concern was the steady
decrease in the Telephone User tax. The Transient Occupancy tax (TOT)
was considerably above the FY 2008 level and had increased year over year.
The documentary transfer tax was close to the FY 2008 level. Revenue was
based 50 percent on taxes and 16 percent on fees for services. That would
be a discussion point with the Cost of Service Study. Expenditures in non-
Public Safety Departments remained constant.                Fire Department
expenditures decreased as a result of recommended changes, and Police
Department expenditures remained constant. The City began the year with
1,024.85 FTEs, and amendments approved by the FC reduced that to
1,014.35 FTEs. Because the $2.2 million for infrastructure improvements
was presented after Staff made recommendations to the FC, funds were not
assigned to specific projects. Staff would recommend utilization of those
funds or would accept Council direction. The average residential utility bill
contained a 32.7 percent gas rate decrease, a 15 percent water rate
increase, a refuse rate increase dependent on service level, a 5 percent
wastewater collection rate increase, and storm drain and fiber optic
increases based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI), currently at 2.9
percent. The overall change to the average residential bill was a decrease of
$4.20 or approximately 2 percent.        Staff was conducting a utilities'
organizational assessment study and expected a draft report at the end of
June 2012. Staff would analyze, review and discuss the report before
presenting it to the Council after the summer break.             The Utilities
Department requested several positions; however, Staff recommended and
the FC approved 3 FTEs for regulatory reasons. With the closure of the
landfill, Staff proposed eliminating nine positions and reductions of $8.9
million.

Council Member Shepherd, Chair of the Finance Committee, reported the FC
discussed increased fees with the Lawn Bowlers, Cubberley Artists, and
Community Gardeners. All three responded with proposals to increase fees,
reduce expenses, and work with other organizations to reduce other
expenses.     The Save Our Animal Shelter organization understood the
situation with Animal Services and was willing to help solve it. The FC
reinstated filling the lake at Foothill Park, and asked the community for
financial contributions. Every issue involved the Cost of Service Study and
the costs of offering services to the community. The FC discussed staffing
changes in the Fire and Police Departments, and changes to the Safe Routes
to School Program.

Public Hearing opened at 8:39 P.M.



                                                                         Page 8 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/11/12
