                               MINUTES
MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the minutes of April 23 and 30, 2012, and May 7, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14. He asked the
Council to remove the Item from the Agenda, because of violations of the
Brown Act and segmenting of the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA). The Agenda description for the Item did not indicate the California
Avenue streetscape project. He suggested the Council remove the Item
from the Agenda, provide a proper description, and notify interested parties.

Omar Chatty spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14. He opposed the SB
83 $10 fee, because of concerns about misuse of funds. Funds were being
used to remove traffic lanes rather than to improve transportation. Funds
were not meant for streetscapes and beautification projects.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to remove Agenda Item Number 7, to become Agenda Item Number 17a.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 5-6, 8-17.

Council Member Burt asked the City Attorney for comment on issues raised
by the public regarding Agenda Item Number 14.

Molly Stump, City Attorney had no concerns regarding Agenda Item Number
14. The California Avenue project was the subject of a legal case on appeal.
The City could proceed with the project as no stay was in effect.

5.   Resolution 9280 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the city of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Arlene Demore Upon her Retirement.”

6.   Approval and Authorization for the City Manager to Execute a Contract
     with Three Phase Line Construction in a Total Not to Exceed Amount of
     $607,997 for the Electric Underground Rebuild and Re-conductor
     Project on the City’s Electric Distribution System Near Middlefield and
     San Antonio Road.


                                                                        Page 4 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
