                               MINUTES
the ARC from the BSR. That went beyond what they ordered in Item No. 13.
He said that it stated that they would not pay the ARC payment that year.

Council Member Shepherd said that they were not paying the new actuarial
portion of the ARC. They were paying the ARC as budgeted, but they had
until June to take the action to pay the new actuarial differential. She said
that it was just the differential.

Mr. Perez said Staff interpreted the Finance Committee action as saying they
should wait until May to determine what the City finances were and what the
potential impact to the BSR would be by making the 1.7 percent. They said
that they would accept the change but would make the payment and then in
May they might recommend to the City Council take a further step. One
option could be whatever amount up to 1.7 percent would not be made if it
was a draw on reserves. He said they were not making that decision that
evening, Staff was just letting the Council know that the Finance Committee
wanted that option.

Council Member Schmid quoted the Finance Committee. He read, “If the
Council on this meeting does not make a final decision on transferring funds
to the ARC for fiscal year 2012 it would go back to the Finance Committee
for the final decision.” He asked if that was incorrect.

Mr. Perez said the payment was not made until July. He thought that the
Finance Committee could still recommend to the full Council in May to come
in June.

Council Member Schmid wasn’t sure if that was true.

Mr. Perez said that was how he understood it. For now the Finance
Committee said it was fine, but they wanted a final review in May.

Mayor Yeh said that was a clarification and asked if Council Member Schmid
had any follow up questions.

Council Member Schmid said that the Motion did             not     include        any
recommendation on the ARC payment from the BSR.

Mr. Perez said that they were voting to approve it but that there was a to-do
item for Staff to return in May and revisit the position with the Finance
Committee.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

                                                                           Page 12 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
