    Mr. Baer remarked that Mountain View's good success with box retailers has
    not been able to generate a hotel. He stated Google was the greatest
    expansion of commercial campus, and it was buying so many companies
    they couldn't get a hotel nearby. He reported Peter Paul Oto Hotels were
    building their 451st hotel in Palo Alto on El Camino Real. He said there were
    three developers in Palo Alto: Peter Paul, John McNellis and Chob Keenan,
    who had within the last five years owned and operated individually more
    square footage of retail than existed in the City of Palo Alto. He thought
    they were an economic resource team who understood and knew regional
    retail. He didn't know if it precisely fit the area. He felt Peter Paul and Oto
    Hotels would be an extraordinary resource to have a conversation with, and
    he was willing to facilitate that any way he could.

    Phyllis C. Cassel stated she was from the League of Women Voters of Palo
    Alto speaking for Mary Alice Thornton, President. She stated the current
    East Meadow/Fabian Way/West Bayshore Area Concept Plan for all intents
    and purposes eliminated all housing development, and recommended
    removing the housing designation from permissible uses listed in the Zoning
    Code for this area. The League of Women Voters of Palo Alto noted that at
    the same time the City was removing the potential for housing, the City was
    resisting meeting the current Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG)
    requirements on the basis that Palo Alto had no land available to build
    housing. She explained housing, schools, religious institutions and daycare
    centers had sprung up in this area, because owners were seeking to occupy
    long vacant buildings or sell for development lots that were of no interest to
    industrial users. She said there was not enough incentive to keep industry,
    and suggested some housing should be accommodated in this area
    especially as part of mixed use development. She indicated the East of San
    Antonio subarea was being proposed as a commercial area, which could
    lend itself to mixed uses with the proper incentives. She thought mixed use
    with housing created a lively pedestrian environment that the Report was
    seeking. She urged the Council to include housing in this current Plan along
    with other permitted uses.

    Bob Moss stated VTA had a bus line that went down Meadow and Fabian;
    however, it canceled the bus line about 10 or 12 years ago. He explained
    Space Systems/Loral at one time had their own shuttle bus that ran from
    the basic campus down to the Caltrain stations, but Loral dropped that
    about 10 or 12 years ago. He suggested Loral might reinstate that bus line
    if the City asked them. He indicated the bus ran around the campus and
    prevented people from having to drive from building to building. Loral had
    been the leading builder of commercial spacecraft in the world for the last
    two years, building between 30 and 35 percent of all spacecraft. He
    recalled an article in the newspaper stating Loral had received a $670
                                    26                   February 13, 2012 
 
