                               MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd knew there was good work on the RPP, but was
very hesitant to move forward on the pilot. She asked if Council moved
forward on the second half of the Staff recommendation would that get Staff
closer to answering Council Member Klein’s question about if there was a
problem. She asked if Staff needed the information from the outcome of the
pilot.

Mr. Williams said the programs would get them closer to the answers, but
they also would take quite a bit of time to get implementation that gave a
sense of how much relief was provided. The question was if Staff should try
to do something immediately to provide relief in the residential areas or
should they hold off and wait to see how some of the things came along.
Staff already captured 50 new spaces in downtown, changed parking garage
levels from hourly to permit, and did new signage to get people to the
garage. Some of those things helped to some extent, but there was still
concern in the neighborhood.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed the pilot took them out of anecdotal
information and into real information. She asked if Staff planned to return
to Council after three months to see if there needed to be any course
correction in the pilot.

Mr. Williams said they planned to report back to the Council in three months.
Staff told the working study group that it would meet again and check in at
that point. If there did not seem to be major problems, they might just let
Council know that but otherwise they would report problems and suggest
changes or whether to abandon the program.

Council Member Shepherd said she knew there were apartment complexes
between the pilot area and downtown that were probably not fully parked.
She asked what happened to those cars.

Mr. Williams said right now those streets were not part of the program.
Apartment complexes were more complicated with respect to a RPP because
there was a concentration that could be from under parking or that people
used the streets because it was more convenient.

Council Member Shepherd said that either the apartment dwellers would
park in the unpiloted area or would have to park on the other side of the
piloted area. She said Staff had not checked to see if the apartments had
garages, so that could be a parking option.

Mr. Rodriguez said it could be a combination of all the things Council
Member Shepherd mentioned, but Staff did not know.
                                                                       Page 28 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
