                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid felt this might not be an economic option in the long
term.

Mr. Ting reported it was not a totally economic decision as aesthetic values
were involved in undergrounding facilities.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Staff was asking the Council to
approve the District before it held a general, strategic discussion.

Mr. Ting indicated Staff wanted to proceed with the District, because AT&T
had agreed to contribute to the costs of undergrounding facilities in the
District.

Council Member Schmid asked if AT&T was contributing approximately 35
percent of the cost.

Mr. Ting answered yes.

Council Member Burt inquired if underground utilities were generally more
secure and resilient than above-ground utilities.

Mr. Ting replied yes in terms of storm damage, especially in an area such as
Palo Alto with many trees. Underground facilities were designed to be
submerged; however, water deteriorated some of the underground facilities
and required more maintenance and operations.           In order to repair
equipment, water had to be pumped from the vault, increasing the amount
of time required to perform repairs.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked whether AT&T had agreed to subsidize 35 percent
of costs.

Mr. Ting reported AT&T would pay its portion of installing the underground
boxes and conduits required for its facilities.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether AT&T would agree to pay 35 percent
under current policies.

Mr. Ting indicated under current rules AT&T would contribute to the cost of
undergrounding facilities in certain areas, such as commercial areas and
main thoroughfares. Residential areas did not fall within AT&T's rules.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the proposed District would fall within AT&T's
current rules.

                                                                       Page 6 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/10/12
