                                MINUTES
controversial for some, he accepted transit-oriented development as long as
impacts to the Downtown North neighborhood were properly mitigated.
Constructing an under-parked office building against a residential zone and
not acting to prevent employee vehicles from filling adjacent streets was not
properly mitigated.      Fortunately, the developer of 355 Lytton Avenue
recognized this problem and offered to contribute monies to facilitate a
residential parking permit program for Downtown North. His concern was
that these dollars would be placed in an account and not be spent for the
intended purpose. To avoid that, he requested the PC Ordinance specifically
state identifiable public benefit funds be specifically allocated to designing,
building and operating a residential parking permit program in Downtown
North, and not be deposited in the parking in lieu account for a garage in the
future. He asked Council to direct Staff to use the same program used in
College Terrace. The Downtown North neighborhood had been on the cusp
of acquiring a parking program for the prior ten years. With public benefit
money now available, the City had the funds to realize the long-delayed
parking program.

Michael Hodos agreed with Mr. Griffin's comments. He was a member of the
Downtown Parking Study Group, which had worked diligently to find
strategies to address the parking problems. He asked that a provision be
included in approval of the project to ensure funds for the parking program
were used specifically for that purpose. Records indicated prior in lieu
monies were not used for the intended purpose. He asked that funds be
dedicated to parking programs to mitigate problems.

Irvin Dawid remarked this was the premier transit-oriented site. Comments
revolved around parking rather than transit orientation and mixed uses. The
irony was that more parking would not solve the parking problem.
Constrained supply with almost unlimited demand could not be managed
without attaching a price. Another irony was the City had removed its
parking meters. The Council needed to apply pricing to parking, then it
could do all kinds of thing to solve the problem. Adding more supply did not
solve the problem.

Steve Langdon had lived in the area for ten years, and for the prior two
years he had off-street parking. On-street parking was a hassle, but he had
been able to park within three blocks of his home. Others felt parking two
blocks from their home warranted residential parking permits. Streets in the
area were public and adjacent to a commercial area which benefited
everyone. He asked the Council not to impact the people who worked
Downtown. If the Council considered residential parking permits, he asked
the Council to study it thoroughly and not to accept studies performed in
other neighborhoods. If the study results convinced the Council residential
                                                                         Page 21 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
