Council Member Shepherd said that before the vegetative compost was
completed they would come back with answers about whether or not closing
composting would affect our licensing that we have out at the site. This
would mean that composting would terminate on the 41 acres. She said
that she would like to understand whether or not they would get to have a
moratorium.

Mr. Keene said the Motion as we understand it would say that composting
would cease in its entirety at that location when the threshold has been
reached.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he was fine if it was an informational item in the
packet.

Council Member Shepherd said she would like it to come back on Council
docket. She said that they had a clear indication from the public that it did
not want anything decided behind closed doors. Although informational
items are public, they are not read as much. She said she had a lot of
questions and that was way she was in favor of the original Staff
recommendation. She said that the questions could not be answered that
evening so she wanted it to come back for Council consideration and action.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that if staff determines that there is a significant
value in retaining the composting permit, this would come back as an action
item. If this returns as an action item, Staff would provide guidance on
whether reduced scale composting at the 10 acre site would enable us to
retain the permit.

Council Member Burt suggested the use of the term significant. If there is
significant value in retaining the permit then it would come back as an action
item, but if they determine there is not significant value then it not. He also
requested that Staff, if it should determine there was a significant value in
retaining the permit, also look into whether a reduction in the scale of the
program would still retain the value of the permit.

Mayor Yeh said that he had shared his thoughts on where he had heard the
feedback on the future of composting and was in support of the permit
question being incorporated into the Motion.

Council Member Schmid requested a clarification on the permits currently
held by the City. He said that they were focused on the wetlands and


                                   28                     February 6, 2012
  
