                               MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to; 1) approve the Negative Declaration, with a finding that the project
will not result in significant environmental impacts; and (2) approve a
Record of Land Use Action approving the Preliminary Parcel Map with
exceptions for 827 Chimalus Drive, based on the stated findings and
conditions.

Council Member Espinosa said subdividing the lot was logical and fit the
neighborhood. Because of the small number of non-conforming lots in the
neighborhood, the Council did not need to worry about an increase in
density or traffic.

Council Member Klein inquired when the Council adopted the R-1 maximum
size.

Ms. French answered 2005.

Council Member Klein felt subdividing the lot would not have a significant
impact on the density of the community.

Council Member Shepherd agreed with previous comments.

Council Member Price supported the Motion. She was more concerned about
the issue of people merging parcels, and was delighted to hear about the
maximum parcel size.

Mayor Yeh supported the Motion.      He appreciated the applicant speaking
with neighbors.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Holman not participating

17.   Public Hearing: Consider Extending up to December 28, 2013 a
      Moratorium on the Use of Certain Parking Exemptions contained in
      Section 18.52.060(c) of the Zoning Ordinance Related to the
      Downtown and California Avenue Parking Assessment Areas; and
      Adopt a Resolution Providing Exceptions to the Moratorium for
      "Pipeline Projects" at 135 Hamilton Avenue and 636 Waverley Street.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment wished to
discuss the moratorium on the parking exception previously adopted and
extended once. Staff asked the Council to 1) further extend the parking
moratorium for an additional year to allow for appropriate studies,
responses, and actions to address the Downtown parking issues identified
and presented in a previous report; and 2) consider exceptions to the
                                                                        Page 17 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/10/12
