the City Council. Staff felt that the site was under zoned and had been
missing opportunities in a transit oriented location for mixed use and/or
higher intensity. The project site was also constrained by the fact that
transfer development rights were not permitted because of the proximity to a
residential zone. The Applicant returned with the Planned Community (PC)
zone and went through multiple reviews with the Architectural Review Board
and the Planning and Transportation Commission. He said that the Planning
and Transportation Commission felt five stories was appropriate. He stated
that this is a Planned Community zone district and as such Council had a lot of
discretion. He said that Council had discretion to determine the appropriate
land use, intensity, development standards, and public benefits related to the
project. He said that the project was a five story mixed use building
immediately adjacent to the University Avenue Caltrain station with proposed
ground floor retail or personal services, three floors of office space, and 14
rental units on the fifth floor. Of the 14 rental units 7 would be Below Market
Rate units (BMR). There would be 130 parking stalls, 8 at the surface and the
rest below grade. He said there was also a proposal to expand the capacity
through attendant parking. The public benefits that were identified for the
project included providing for rental housing with relatively small units
averaging about 750 square feet. He said that four of the seven BMR units
were above and beyond the Applicant’s request for housing law concessions.
There would be 1,500 square feet of subsidized ground floor retail or nonprofit
use. He believed the Applicant would explain that point in more detail but
that it would provide for a certain number of years that rates would be at 50
Percent of the market rate for ground floor retail. The proposal included three
electric vehicle (EV) charging stations and Zip Car rental availability.
Additionally, he said that the Applicants had offered $60,000 for a downtown
parking garage study.         The Applicant had also proposed a series of
improvements to the street tree canopy along both sides of Alma Street. He
said that was something that was mentioned in the Comprehensive Plan.
Finally, he stated there were a series of street and right of way improvements
along Alma near the intersection with University that were proposed. The
height was five stories, 64 feet generally, with an 84 foot high tower at the
southeast corner. The height over 50 feet was entirely the residential floor.
He said that a year and a half ago the Council had a discussion about housing
policies, the Housing Element, and the Comprehensive Plan that essentially
allowed Staff to explore the idea of exceeding the 50 foot height limit for
development that was proximate to transit. Parking had become a primary
issue with the project recently. The commercial development would require
213 spaces per Code if there were no adjustments or exceptions. He
explained that there was a provision in the Code that exempted first floor one-
to-one floor area ratio. He said that two thirds of the project, about 14,500
square feet, was located in the parking district. So for that area, that
exemption reduced the parking by 58 stalls. The Applicant would have to pay
into the assessment district as opposed to the in lieu parking fee district that
                                   5                     March 12, 2012
