Mayor Yeh reviewed the topic of the next Agenda Item.

Council Member Price inquired if the Item was time sensitive from Staff's point
of view.

Jane Ratchye, Assistant Director for Utilities Resources Management answered
that there was no time sensitivity to Agenda Item No. 14.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to move Agenda Item No. 14; Finance Committee Recommendation to
Approve a Resolution Amending the Gas Utility Long-term Plan Objectives,
Strategies and Implementation Plan, to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Public Hearing opened at 10:02 P.M.

Martin Yonke stated he just up the street from the Edgewood Plaza Shopping
Center. He stated Joseph Eichler had a goal of having an easily accessibly
neighborhood shopping center within walking distance of homes. He reported
he, Diane Sekimura and Gayle Olsen were members of the ACC established by
the CC&Rs. He indicated the ACC were concerned about early proposals from
the developer, but had reached an agreement on the current Project in 2009.
The Project maintained a neighborhood-serving shopping center that fit with
the surrounding Eichler neighborhoods. John Tze had met with the ACC since
the agreement to provide updates and to discuss changes. As a property
owner and member of the ACC, he supported the Edgewood Plaza Project and
was looking forward to having a revitalized neighborhood shopping center.

Diane Sekimura stated she was a member of the Architectural Control
Committee appointed by Ned Eichler. She said the ACC was responsible for
ensuring new construction complied with CC&Rs. She reported the ACC felt
the most efficient way to ensure compliance was to work together from the
beginning of the process. She indicated the CC&Rs stipulated the design of
and materials used in new construction conform to the mid-century design of
surrounding houses.      She stated the ACC was very pleased with the
preliminary designs for the grocery store, particularly since it appeared closer
to the original design of the Lucky Market when it opened in the 1950s. The
ACC was also happy that the plan included preserving and rehabilitating the
two small shops buildings according to the Secretary of Interior Standards.
The ACC appreciated the thought that had gone into designing a park which
could be used as a neighborhood gathering place.             She believed the
community was interested specifically in the new market and generally in a
successfully renovated Edgewood Plaza.


                                            28                     03/19/2012
