                               MINUTES
Residential (R-1) and had frontage on Pepper Avenue. The applicant had
not submitted a development proposal. The project was a rezoning and a
land use re-designation.       Staff and the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) recommended three actions: 1) approve the negative
declaration; 2) approve the Resolution approving the change to the site's
Comprehensive Plan land use designation from Single Family Residential to
Service Commercial (CS); and 3) approve the Ordinance approving a
rezoning of the site from R-1 to CS. Staff received and answered questions
from two Council Members.          Council Member Holman questioned the
discretion available to Council with respect to CS Zone development
standards, how the public interest would be served by rezoning, why an all
residential project was not considered, and environmental review. Council
Member Schmid requested a PTC representative explain the Commissioners'
concerns and responses at the current Council meeting. PTC Vice Chairman
Michael was unable to attend, but provided summary statements. The PTC
was initially concerned about the lack of public speakers, and continued the
project to a second hearing to allow the applicant to conduct neighborhood
outreach. The PTC was also initially concerned about the lack of clarity
provided as to why CS zoning was selected rather than CN. There was also
a concern that no concept plans were available for PTC review as part of the
request for recommendation. The October 3, 2012 PTC meeting was not
well recorded and no transcript was available. Two neighbors attended and
raised concerns about the 395 Page Mill Road project. The other speaker
was concerned about the underground plume and measures needed
eventually for development on the site. The applicant told the PTC that
there was no intention to build a hotel on the site.              A mixed-use
development concept with more than four residential units was being
considered such that the Site and Design Review process was the most likely
process to be followed after completion of the rezoning. The applicant
described why the CS Zone was preferred over the CN Zone as noted in the
project description letter, Attachment F. Staff noted that the ground floor
could not be office use on a CS Zone site, because the ground floor was
currently housing. Retail, restaurant or personal service uses were the most
likely ground-floor uses for commercial as long as it was not a parking
facility. Staff had not received a project application for development.

Mayor Yeh noted PTC Vice Chairman Michael's unavailability to comment at
the meeting.

John Northway, Stoecker and Northway Architects stated the PTC thoroughly
reviewed the project. It was a straightforward land use change request
supported by policies in the Comprehensive Plan. The applicant would
present the project for Site and Design Review, because the project would
have more than four residential units. The applicant was working with
                                                                        Page 8 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 12/10/12
