                                MINUTES

Mr. Emslie said it was correct. There were many assumptions made that
could only be shown visually. One of the confirmed assumptions was that it
was possible in a reasonable way to accommodate PAUSD and community
center needs.

Council Member Burt encouraged colleagues to frame any recommendations
in terms of desired elements they wanted to see instead of critiques of
particular drawings.   He said it was important that the Council avoid
attempting to design the site. It was also important to remember that in the
conceptual drawing that there was one campus with three different uses,
which was something that required more discussion about if they were
integrated or segregated uses. Those were open issues and he did not know
if there could be a common quad or not depending on the degree of
integration possible.   There were issues regarding school populations
intermixing with adult populations. He had another question regarding
Guiding Principle No. 1, which said “minutes.”        He thought they had
discussed sense minutes because of the burden of having verbatim minutes.

Mayor Yeh thanked Council Member Burt for the question and said he would
turn to the City Clerk. He indicated there was a memorandum at places
from the City Clerk on Guiding Principle No. 1. He had spoken with the City
Manager regarding what was done with the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission (IBRC) and learned that there were no formal minutes, but that
there was a commitment to producing a report at the end that Council
received and that there was a similar intention for the CAC. The CAC would
be staffed in the same way that Staff produced a report for the IBRC. The
memorandum from the City Clerk highlighted that the minutes for the PAC
needed clarification, but for the CAC there would be no minutes taken by the
City Clerk or the City, but simply Staff taking notes.

Council Member Burt said that the Motion did not presently reflect that. He
said that it sounded as though they were saying that the CAC would provide
reports and the CPAC would have sense minutes. He asked if that was
correct.

City Clerk, Donna Grider said it was correct.

Council Member Burt asked if those changes were acceptable to the maker
and seconder of the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that Guiding Principle No. 1 will reflect: The City
Clerk’s Office would be responsible for sense minutes for the Policy Advisory
                                                                           Page 18 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
