                               MINUTES
dedicated BMR space for non-profit organizations. The Chamber was excited
about the project making an economic impact.

Winter Dellenbach felt the idea of public benefits had become twisted. Many
of the so-called benefits were actually mitigations. She appreciated Council
Member Klein's comments about balancing profits and benefits.           She
disagreed with the ten-year limit on BMR space. The tower was a gimmick
and should comply with the 50-feet height limit.

Neilson Buchanan spoke against the project; it had many attractive features
But for every attraction, there was a distraction from the parking problem.
To his knowledge the Downtown North Homeowners' Association did not
have an official position on this project. He had been watching the parking
situation carefully over the last three to four weeks. By and large his
neighborhood had no parking all day. Prior projects had saturated the
available parking. He was skeptical that the Council was aware of the
problems in his neighborhood, Professorville and eventually across
Middlefield. He asked the Council to put a condition on this project to ask
each developer to make an impact statement on parking in Downtown
North.

Tina Peak opposed the proposed building at 101 Lytton. It was too big; it
had four stories when zoning laws allowed only two stories. It would add
traffic to overcrowded streets and would place pedestrians and bicyclists at
greater risk. It would induce Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG)
to call for more housing, which would add to the City's housing and
infrastructure needs. Increased housing would increase overcrowding in
schools. The lack of parking would lead to increased parking needs in the
neighborhoods. This project provided no public benefits to the residents of
Palo Alto. The biggest problem with the project was the process that
created it and other developments. The City had a Comprehensive Plan and
a Zoning Code that were being routinely ignored by developers. The
developer sought a two-story development that met all laws, but was
instructed by the Planning Department to come back with a bigger building.
The vision for a denser, more crowded Palo Alto had not been submitted to
the electorate and had not been adopted as City policy. This project should
be constructed as a two-story building as originally proposed. Individuals
supported the project only in hopes the Council would provide parking.

Erik Filseth stated the 101 Lytton project was another giant office building,
designed over twice the zoning limit, lacked adequate parking, provided little
or no revenue to the City, and bordered on a residential neighborhood. If it
was built, there would be more traffic, more congestion, more pollution,
more stress on City services, and more parking problems.                That
                                                                        Page 19 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
