                               MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to pass the Resolution honoring former Council Member Ellen
Fletcher.

Council Member Price indicated Ms. Fletcher was a person of conviction
whose life combined many qualities. She knew how to get things done, and
she made a difference in the City of Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman stated Ms. Fletcher was a giant who served the
community.    To honor her, the community could pay service and
commitment forward.

Council Member Burt recalled his first memory of Palo Alto was the bicycle
movement led by Ms. Fletcher. The Council's attempt to revitalize that
movement would benefit from her early leadership.

Council Member Klein served on the Council with Ms. Fletcher in the early
1980s. She was a remarkably effective Council Member through clarity of
vision, zeal and humility. She deserved immense credit for her participation
in the bicycle movement and in the efforts to ban smoking. He was proud
that she was a resident of Palo Alto.

Council Member Espinosa recalled the City proclaiming the year of the bike
with many activities during his year as Mayor. Ms. Fletcher was his partner
at every meeting and event. She wanted the Council to fund and implement
the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Master Plan. He asked the Council
to ensure the Plan was funded and implemented in her honor.

Mayor Yeh indicated Ms. Fletcher's work for bicycle transportation would
impact many generations. The Resolution was the work of many people in
the community who wanted to share facts and memories regarding Ms.
Fletcher.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager spoke regarding; 1) a $50,000 grant from the
Santa Clara County Board of Supervisor’s Office of Liz Kniss was received to
implement bicycle/pedestrian improvements that would close the bay-trail
gap, 2) on November 20, 2012 the Santa Clara County Supervisors will
consider the proposal to fund bicycle/pedestrian transportation projects, 3)
He reminded Council about the upcoming annual Turkey Trot event.

                                                                       Page 3 of 22
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/19/12
