quantities of two Title XIX chemicals below threshold levels. CPI supported
the recommendation and worked for five years to reduce the amount of
these chemicals. As of March 2012, all chemicals were below Title XIX
thresholds. In 1986 CPI remodeled the plate shop and reduced the amount
of chemicals. Prior to 1986, the amount of chemicals was much higher. The
move from San Carlos to Palo Alto necessitated a short-term, temporary
increase in the amount of chemicals on-site, because of the increase in parts
being processed. It also provided a catalyst for CPI to upgrade the plate
shop. CPI employed Chemical Solutions to design, develop and renovate the
plate shop to state of the art. Chemical Solutions successfully improved the
efficiency of the plate shop, while bringing all safety systems up to best of
class. Since the completion of renovations, CPI had continually decreased
the amount of chemicals onsite to the point of being below threshold. For
nitric acid, the same timeline applied. CPI placed great importance on
safety. In regards to storage, incompatible materials were segregated.
Containment included secondary and tertiary containment as well as berms.
Also, approximately 300 different alarm and sensor points were onsite.
There was also security around the clock, monitoring the alarm systems, and
personnel were very well trained on the proper notification protocol. For
transportation, chemicals were delivered by trained experts, and each
delivery was overseen by a trained CPI person. Delivery size was limited,
and transportation was performed in double containment. CPI separated
cyanides and acids by very large berms. CPI had reduced the bath sizes,
and all baths were covered when not in use. There was a wastewater
treatment center, exhaust scrubber system, emergency generator, and gas
monitors and alarms. Plate shop employees were long tenured, with an
average of greater than 15 years handling chemicals at CPI, and they were
very well trained. In the unlikely event of a worst-case scenario or a
hazardous materials waste, modeling for the worst-case scenario had been
performed, and it indicated no offsite consequences.           Modeling used
conservative assumptions, assumed the release occurred outside, even
though chemicals were contained inside. It assumed there were no walls or
ceilings to attenuate it. Analysis was performed by a third-party expert,
Risk Management Professionals, who was recommended to CPI as being the
most knowledgeable and experienced in the field. The County brought in its
own outside technical experts for review of the 2008 Risk Management Plan.
This expert did agree with the findings. The 2008 Plan calculated toxic
endpoints of less than 33 feet from the point of origin. In addition, since the
2008 Plan, CPI had greatly reduced the amount of chemicals; nitric acid by
70 percent and potassium cyanide by over 80 percent. In the worst-case
scenario, neither potassium cyanide nor nitric acid reached the property line.
The odor from a nitric acid spill would travel much further than the toxic
endpoint and would reach the neighborhood, but was not harmful. In 2006
there was a release of nitric acid, which did cause an odor to reach the
neighborhood. There was no danger, to the neighbors. CPI cleared the
room, took measurements in the room where the release occurred, and

                                      7                           04/23/2012
