determine projects that were added during the year by Council, which
caused other projects to be deferred. He indicated Staff determined the
Council added approximately $1.5 million per year to the CIP budget in new
projects.

Council Member Klein indicated he would review that list, and felt the $1.5
million amount was too large. He mentioned former Governor Ed Rendell's
statement that the national bill for infrastructure backlog was $2 trillion. He
inquired if there had been any communication with Governor Rendell's
national organization that attempted to provide assistance to state and local
governments on infrastructure needs.

Mr. L. Levy answered no, they had not communicated with Governor
Rendell's organization. He stated the Commission reviewed Palo Alto's
specific problems for the next ten years, which amounted to $6.4 million per
year for catch-up and keep-up, and long-term financing for two major
facilities.  He said the Commission set aside the $500 million figure
(backlog), and looked for specific needs on annual and long-term bases.

Council Member Price understood catch-up figures were in 2011 and 2012
constant dollars. She asked if the $4.2 million amount over the next ten
years would in reality be higher as the amounts were not indexed.

Mr. L. Levy answered she was correct. He indicated income dollars were
also constant dollars. He said the Commission did not attempt to inflate
income or expenditures.

Council Member Schmid felt the Report was excellent and would be a
resource for future discussions. He asked for the source of the Report
numbers and were they credible. He indicated the table on page 119 used
the year 2012 as a base, and asked if that was an adequate base given it
was the fourth year in a row of revenue shortfalls and cost-cutting
measures. He also asked if a pop-up expenditure was outside the normal
keep-up/catch-up, something extraordinary. He felt the pop-ups occurred
when there was an opportunity for a grant. He asked if a pop-up should be
embedded in the base and if $1.5 million would be added to the budget each
year. He thought a pop-up was a unique situation of transferring resources,
and should not be built into the base. He referenced the third line of the
table on page 119, Other Sources, and noted it declined by $1 million (40
percent) when pushed into the future and remained below the 2012 number.
He asked if that also happened with other sources. He listed projects which
were mainly funded by outside sources, not the General Fund. He felt the
Other Sources amount was strange. He stated these were the kinds of
technical issues he had with the Report.

Council Member Espinosa shared Council Member Klein's concern regarding
the variance between the $400 million amount. He felt data was important
                                      10                          01/17/2012
