Council Member Klein stated that he would move a Substitute Motion, which
incorporated part but not all that was on the floor and added several
additional points. He thought that they needed to say as a matter of formality
that they were continuing the item. Second, he thought that they should say
that they wanted to reduce the size of the building by one floor. He said that
he thought that was implicit in what they had said.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to request Staff meet with the Applicant to: 1) discuss the
elimination of onsite affordable housing and potentially redirect public benefit
dollars toward the Housing Fund, the Downtown Parking In Lieu Fund, and
towards other measures to reduce parking in adjacent downtown
neighborhoods, and 2) reduce the size of the building by one floor.
Additionally to approve the Initial Study and Mitigated Negative Declaration
(Attachment C) for the proposed mixed use development at 335 and 355
Alma Street; and Adopt a Resolution amending the Comprehensive Plan
designation for a portion of the site (335 Alma) from neighborhood
commercial to regional/community commercial. Furthermore, to continue this
item to another Council meeting.

Council Member Burt said that it was not implicit and nothing in the original
Motion spoke to it one way or another. What was in the Motion was an
element of adding potentially the nonprofit on the fifth floor and less BMR on
the project site. He said that there were parameters, but it was not an
explicit direction.

Council Member Klein said his Substitute Motion said that Council was
reducing the size of the building by one floor and would eliminate the
requirement of subsidized retail. He said that he would leave that up to the
Applicant regarding what it wanted to do.

Council Member Burt asked if Council Member Klein understood his original
Motion to continue having subsidized retail.

Council Member Klein said yes.

Council Member Burt said it was to replace the subsidized retail with a
subsidized office.

Council Member Klein said that it was not part of his Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein said that he thought the main thing was to reduce the
size of the building by one floor. He said that the profit in the building was on
floors two through four, and that allowing the Applicant to have a fifth floor
would increase their profit making ability that much more if it did not have
                                   42                     March 12, 2012
