                               MINUTES
out of three was indicated to have used marijuana. He discussed another
study that stated that 74 percent of marijuana users used marijuana for
illegal purposes.

Aram James stated that if marijuana was going to be used, he thought
having a regulated place for people to use the drug would be beneficial. He
stated that he was not promoting the recreational usage of marijuana, but
thought the City of Palo Alto could be a leader in medicinal marijuana usage.

Council Member Burt disagreed with his colleagues with regard to the
pattern of drug adoption but he also thought there has been a pattern of
abuse of Proposition 215. He would for this reason support the Colleague’s
Memo.

Council Member Price agreed with Council Member Burt completely and
stated these were separate, but related issues. There have been some
studies that showed a benefit for medical marijuana usage. She supported
the Colleague’s Memo but was not comfortable with some of the public’s
comments.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to adopt the
resolution opposing Measure C.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Shepherd announced that she had been elected to be the
at-large representative for Santa Clara County at the League of California
Cities.

Council Member Schmid requested an update regarding the report from the
Police Auditor.

Council Member Holman requested that follow up action reports include
Council Motions.

Council Member Price said she attended the Santa Clara County Mental
Health Board meeting. She discussed an executive order to improve mental
health care for veterans and the annual suicide prevention report.

Mayor Yeh discussed the Gunn High School and Palo Alto High School annual
football game set for the upcoming weekend.       He also discussed the
                                                                        Page 9 of 10
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/10/12
