                               MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd suggested Staff look at the spots and incorporate
them in future plans.

Council Member Burt was not going to support the Substitute Motion. He did
not believe the trial was necessary, effective, or productive. He thought it
would yield unclear results and by its nature accentuate the negative and
minimize the positive. He thought the overwhelming majority of people who
were advocating it intended to use it as a tool to try to defeat the two lane
proposal. With the exception of Mr. Eakwall he did not hear any of the
proponents of the trial really say sincerely that if the results demonstrated
that there was more than enough road capacity, which they already had
overwhelming data to show, that then they would accept the plan. He said it
was really a tool and the leadership of the opposition had used every tool
they could think of to try to defeat the plan from lawsuits to spreading
misinformation on it and the trial was just a new tool. It really did not come
up as something they advocated until just recently when some of the other
tools failed. There were some merchants that he trusted were open minded
and wanted to see the data from the trial to finally convince them, but for
those who had looked at traffic situations over the years, this one was not a
close call. He said that those words might not reassure skeptics, but if he
thought that the trial were truly intended as an open minded process to
attempt to determine better means to address the program he would say
that they could look at it, but that was not what he thought had occurred.
Council needed to make the decision based on what they believed was in the
overwhelming best interest of the community and of the commercial district.

Council Member Holman clarified that earlier when she said that she did not
know where communications had gone awry because she knew Mr. Williams
to be very good at that type of thing it was not a slight to Mr. Rodriguez, it
was just that she had a very long relationship with Mr. Williams. She
wanted to publicly say that.       She said that slide 17 listed the P&TC
recommendation. She found it frustrating was that their recommendation
was for a trial and there was no indication that a trial would interfere with
the feasibility of the plan. That was specifically the point that was made in
the P&TC minutes and she read the section about how the trial was not to
delay implementation. She said that it had seemed to her that phasing was
an option so there was a miscommunication. Out of principle she was
supporting the Substitute Motion. It at least indicated her desire for the
project.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Holman, Schmid yes


                                                                        Page 72 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
