                               MINUTES
MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to continue
this Item to October 1, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

7.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Yeh and Vice Mayor Scharff Regarding
     Council Contingency Funds in the Amount of $25,000 for Neighborhood
     Grants (Item Continued from September 18, 2012).

Mayor Yeh reported approximately 17 percent of the population was over 60
years of age. There was also growth in the Asian population. The Mayor's
Challenge endeavored to bring people together through athletic events and
laughter; however, the results were not long lasting. The grant program
was a means to regenerate familiarity among neighbors and to address
demographic shifts. City Staff would develop the grant program which
would have a cap. He hoped colleagues would support the grant program
and its intentions.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted other cities had similar successful community grant
programs. This would be a pilot program and would be revised as needed.
The goal of connecting neighbors was worthwhile. He supported Mayor Yeh
and asked colleagues to support him as well.

Council Member Shepherd agreed there were difficulties in engaging the
community to solve issues.      The Human Relations Commission (HRC)
addressed diversity in the community. She asked why Mayor Yeh proposed
Staff develop the program rather than HRC.

Mayor Yeh did not want the grant program to be administratively
burdensome. If program criteria were clear, then Staff would only need to
ensure paperwork was complete. He did not want a long process managed
through the HRC.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt it was important not to inject politics into the
program and not to have a long process.

Council Member Burt recalled a prior Mayor's efforts to build community
through block parties. This kind of funding could augment those efforts. He
supported the concept of a simple process.

Council Member Klein would not support the recommendation by his
colleagues. He expressed concern with the clarity of the problem statement.
                                                                       Page 3 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/24/12
