parts of the country where there had been effective and productive use of a
public facility such as a Post Office building.

Council Member Schmid added that timing would be important. He indicated
there would not be much time to consider options once the clock started
running.

Council Member Klein suggested adding some of Council Member Price's
remarks as a third item. He stated decisions would be made in Washington,
D.C.; therefore, it made sense to talk with the actual decision makers. He
thought the City's Washington lobbyists could be helpful. He didn't understand
the USPS not disclosing information regarding expenses. He stated rents were
well known. He thought the only way to save money, as discussed, was to
retain space at 380 Hamilton. He believed the USPS would lose money other
than the proceeds from the sale.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to establish contact with the USPS
Asset Management staff in Washington, D.C. using our Staff, Council Members
(if appropriate), and our Washington, D.C. Lobbyists.

Council Member Shepherd inquired how complicated would it be if the City
were to determine a venue that would allow the USPS to save the 3,500
square foot space, and what kind of considerations could the representatives
take back to Washington, D.C. for purchase price. She asked how would that
be evaluated and were they looking to remain in the building.

Ms. Alvarado stated she was not the decision maker, and asked the Council to
submit a proposal.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that included in Staff’s evaluation consideration
of an option in a proposal that the USPS would have a lease tied to the
purchase price of the property at 380 Hamilton Avenue.

Mr. Keene stated it was clear this was an option, not a requirement, and
there could be variations.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Council could quantify it based on
market rents and market forces in exchange for dedicated space on some
City property in Downtown Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid suggested changing lease to partnership, which
could be a lease, a partial purchase, or ownership of a part.



                                    19                          02/21/2012
