    Mr. Williams replied it was all of them. Staff would review the traffic study
    for all this area and break it out by the subareas to determine the impacts
    on each and to make recommendations relative to the specific FAR.

    Council Member Shepherd stated she had been following the Transfer of
    Development Rights (TDR). She thought that wouldn't be as big an issue
    for property abutting the West Bayshore properties as it was for properties
    abutting the residences.    She said having higher density on property
    abutting the Bayshore property could help with the noise from Bayshore to
    the residences.    She asked whether the TDR process was still under
    consideration.

    Mr. Williams indicated it was still under consideration. He thought the
    concept was to provide some flexibility in zoning as all properties currently
    had the same FAR limitation. He suggested there could be different zoning
    for different areas. There were better planning methods to do that, where
    property owners worked together. Staff had discussed leaving some open
    spaces and providing some joint parking facilities given there were flood
    plain issues. He noted property owners were limited when looking at their
    own parcels. Staff's suggestion, since the beginning of the process, had
    been that anything that moved the property owners towards working
    together would be helpful.

    Council Member Shepherd indicated this area took up quite a bit of the
    freeway, and thought freeway signage had improved over the last five years
    with electronic signs. She asked if there would be a review of signage for
    this area as that could also be an interesting topic for property owners and
    tenants in that area.

    Mr. Williams said Staff had not discussed that, but it was something they
    could review. He asked if she was thinking about signing it for individual
    business or identifying it as a business park.

    Council Member Shepherd was thinking for individual businesses as she
    knew how important it was for them to get their name out. She suggested
    Staff ask for community and tenant input since that area had freeway
    views.

    Mr. Williams reported Staff had discussed having some design guidelines
    associated with this, and appropriate business signage could be a focus.

    Council Member Burt noted his report was labeled LI for the area East of
    San Antonio, the 26 acres.



                                    8                  February 13, 2012 
 
