Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams, stated Ms.
French would give the overview presentation and he would make additional
comments.

Assistant Director of Planning & Community Environment, Amy French,
reported AT&T, also known as New Cingular Wireless PCS LLC, proposed co-
location of wireless communication facilities, also known as the Distributed
Antenna System (DAS), on 20 utility poles jointly owned by the City of Palo
Alto and AT&T. She stated the City Council reviewed the Master License
Agreement in 2011 for this DAS project. She indicated AT&T had agreed to
the agreement in principle, and Staff anticipated the agreement would soon
be signed. She stated the 20 installations would be comprised of one
antenna vertically oriented above existing utility poles, on top of a 12-foot
pole extension, and two equipment boxes mounted on the side of each pole
between 10 feet and 20 feet above grade. She indicated the heights of
existing poles and nearby street trees, if any, varied by location. She said
the antenna design was deemed aesthetically streamlined from the original
proposal of two antennas, and also deemed as better meeting the City's
Wireless Communications Facilities Standards. She noted the Standards
required stealth design and small equipment screened from public view, and
prohibited the removal of required landscaping. She reported the review
procedure required Architectural Review only for co-location projects. She
noted approximately 30 public speakers, both for and against, attended the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) public hearing on December 8, 2011. She
indicated the ARB recommended conditional approval to the Director of
Planning, who approved the application with the understanding that the
Council would review the anticipated appeals in a public hearing. She
reported the approval conditions required: removal of the second antenna;
placement of the battery backup cabinet above the prism cabinet; and Public
Works and Utilities selection and approval of trees. Staff noticed the
Director's decision by mail, timely appeals were received in December 2011,
and notice cards were mailed regarding the Council hearing date. She said
Staff received several additional appeals and letters, and those had been
forwarded to the Council. She noted the ARB discussed in August 2011 the
AT&T prototype and shared guidelines for placement of all DAS installations.
She indicated the guidelines were designed to help AT&T determine locations
which met the criteria. She stated the AT&T submittal included an analysis
of each proposed and alternative location based on aesthetics and cell-phone
coverage needs.      She reported the decision on the AT&T installation
prototype would set the course for the applicant's future DAS applications in
approximately 60 additional locations in Palo Alto. She said the Director's
decision to approve this project followed the ARB's recommendation, which
was based on the applicant meeting the 11 applicable Architectural Review
findings. She indicated the purpose of Architectural Review was to promote
visual environments which were integrated into the aesthetics of the
                                  5                    January 23, 2012
 
