                               MINUTES

Council Member Schmid noted Proposition 1A funds were different in that
they were not in the May14, 2012 Budget.

Mr. Hackmann explained Proposition 1A funds could only be spent once
approved. If the Legislature never approved expenditures, then the funds
would never be spent.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the Legislature was concerned with
only the annual interest rates.

Mr. Hackmann responded yes. The Legislature's main responsibility was
matching funds to Federal dollars. Proposition 1A stated that all funds must
be matching dollars. It made the most sense to match Proposition 1A funds
with stimulus funds.

Council Member Klein stated the vote by the Legislature would be to issue
bonds. The bonds had been authorized by voters, but not issued. Once the
bonds were issued, interest rates were automatically paid as required by the
State Constitution.

Council Member Schmid inquired if the State's interest rate was fairly high.

Council Member Klein indicated the interest rate was not as bad as the rating
would indicate.

Omar Chatty stated $15 million to $25 million was still in the budget. He
hoped some people would push that back.              He suggested pursuing
discussions with Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) or Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) because that could be an opportunity to
derail the train north of San Jose. If funding for the study of congestion
pricing could be stopped, that could be an opportunity for reconsideration of
Pacheco Pass. Heavy rail was the most expensive and subsidized rail. He
asked if anyone had communicated with Union Pacific regarding its opinion
of the blended system. He hoped to move from Caltrain to BART, because
Caltrain was too dangerous. He asked the Council to consider alternatives,
to stop HSR, and to allow the people of California to spend their taxes on
schools, the disabled, the disadvantaged, the elderly, and the sick.

Herb Borock indicated Slide 8 omitted the fact that none of the alternatives
studied satisfied the requirement for a 30-minute time between San
Francisco and San Jose. He requested Staff provide a written statement
from the HSRA regarding project level EIR timelines. He also requested
Staff provide a written statement from the HSRA regarding the electrification
                                                                        Page 27 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/21/12
