                                MINUTES
subsequent process would be determined. He said that Council Member
Holman was correct, that in the short timeframe they would not come up
with the changes and the architectural level detail. He thought they could
develop something that showed what the concepts were and what it would
generally look like in order to determine if that was something the Council
felt was substantive.

Council Member Holman said she felt almost angry because it was almost
seven months since the Applicant was before the Council and she felt
offended for the Staff because they were sending Staff well intentioned back
out to get a better outcome. She had heard ARB members say that they did
not say no often enough. This project was a close vote. The ARB did not
say that they got good projects; they said that they got good enough
projects. She said Palo Alto deserved better. When the project returned to
the Council, she thought there were other parameters that had gotten lost
that evening. For example she was concerned about parking. When the
project returned, she presumed they were still acting under the Appeal.
There were comments at the last Council meeting about parking, the
setback, and other issues that were very hard to track if they were
addressed at all. She said whatever way she voted that evening, it was not
going to be done happily.

Council Member Price said that the Council had not discussed architecture.
She asked if that was implicit in the Motion, because everything implied
design and architectural treatment but there was no specific statement.

Council Member Burt said that he did not know how anything would be
achieved other than architecturally. It was so implicit that he did not
understand what Council Member Price meant.

Council Member Price said usually when they were talking about projects
they said, “Architectural treatment and design will incorporate these
concepts.” She asked if her Colleagues felt the modification was useful. She
personally thought it was.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he did not find it necessary.

Council Member Holman said she wanted to be clear that she was not angry
with her colleagues. She appreciated the attempts to make improvements
to the project.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

Council took a break from 10:49 P.M. until 11:00 P.M.

                                                                      Page 43 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
