capabilities, cost requirements and structure, looking at the culture and then
the strategic planning of the organization. One tool they use to do this work
is a cultural assessment tool (CAT) which evaluates the current
organizational culture. They also use a Workload Forecasting Tool (WFT) to
provide a quantitative assessment of workload and staffing. They are
currently doing the Situational Analysis work, next they will do the
Alternative Service Delivery Methods work and then the Organizational
Options work. The project is expected to be completed in late May early
June.    There will be future presentations to the City Manager, Utility
Advisory Commission (UAC) and City Council.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to pull Agenda Item No. 5 to be heard at an undetermined Council
date.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 6-15.

5.    Adoption of a Resolution Approving the City of Palo Alto Annex to the
      Santa Clara County Annex to the 2010 Association of Bay Area
      Governments Local Hazard Mitigation Plan “Taming Natural Disasters”.

6.    Approval of Permanent Retention of North California Avenue Safe
      Routes to School/Traffic Calming Project.

7.    Elimination and Defunding of Capital Improvement Program Project
      PF-12005 (Council Conference Room Renovation); Approval of Capital
      Improvement Program Project PE-12017 (City Hall First Floor
      Renovation); Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5143 in the
      Amount of $189,000; and Approval of a Contract with WMB Architects,
      Inc. in the Amount of $178,717 for Design of the City Hall First Floor
      Renovation Project.

8.    Approval of Agreement with County of Santa Clara to provide Point of
      Dispensing Equipment to the City of Palo Alto to Assist the City’s
      Capacity to Deliver Medicines and Medical Supplies During Large Scale
      Public Health Emergencies.

9.    Budget Amendment Ordinance 5144 in the Amount of $276,083 to
      Fund the Purchase of a Street Sweeper; and Approval of a Purchase
      Order with Owen Equipment Sales in an Amount Not to Exceed
      $262,936 for the Purchase of a Street Sweeper (Scheduled Vehicle and
                                      3                            3/05/2011
