                         DRAFT MINUTES
speech was protected by the First Amendment. He asked the City Attorney
to determine if it was targeted at one person's hate speech.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid to pull
Agenda Item No. 12 to become Agenda Item No. 12a.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5-11.

Council Member Burt asked Staff to comment on Agenda Number 12 not
being presented to the Policy & Services Committee (P&SC).

Greg Betts, Director of Community Services reported there were regulations
for the Civic Center, the libraries, the parks, and the community centers.
Past protocol had been to have these items reviewed by the Library
Commission if it pertained to Library Rules and Regulations or the Parks and
Recreation Commission if it pertained to Park Regulations. Community
Center Rules had been reviewed by Parks and Recreation Commission
(PARC) in the past.

Council Member Burt inquired if there were comparable considerations of
social policy.

Mr. Betts indicated the last time regulations were presented to the City
Council was in February 2012 for an update of Park Regulations. He could
not recall any controversy in February; there were changes to the use of
utilities in the parks, changes to the Community Garden Rules, and changes
for the swimming pool. It had been a few years since Community Center
Rules and Regulations had been updated.

James Keene, City Manager stated Agenda Number 12 generally seemed to
extend existing regulations to specifically courtyards, doorways, and
walkways.

Council Member Burt was interested in Council Members' opinions regarding
P&SC review of the Item.

Mayor Yeh inquired whether the current Item could follow the same process
as the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance, which had been reviewed and
discussed.

Mr. Betts worked with the Planning Department on the Vehicle Habitation
Ordinance.   One area that had changed concerned leaving materials
unattended. This did not change if people were carrying materials with
                                                                        Page 5 of 28
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
