United States. She stated a transformative vision for both City residents and
City employees was to expect and to provide exceptional service experience in
an environment of innovation, collaboration and shared accountability. She
indicated her challenge would be to achieve such a vision with fiscal
stewardship and with a highly skilled and motivated workforce.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

Mayor Yeh asked if Staff needed a Motion to continue Item 15 to a date
uncertain.

MOTION:      Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to move Agenda Item No. 15; Selection of Option for Connectivity
Between the Art Center and the Main Library (CIPs PE-11000, PF-07000), to a
date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Edgewood Plaza Shopping Center - Consideration of
      Approval of a Resolution 9239 Certifying a Final Environmental Impact
      Report and Adoption of An Ordinance (1) Amending Section 18.08.040
      of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (The Zoning Map) to Approve a Planned
      Community Zone District Allowing Renovation of Three Retail
      Structures, Relocation of One Retail Structure, Construction of Ten
      Single Family Homes and Creation of a 0.2 Acre Park and Associated
      Site Improvements, and (2) Approving a Tentative Map to Merge Three
      Parcels into One Parcel for Re-subdivision into Eleven Parcels (One
      Commercial Parcel and Ten Residential Parcels) and Off-Site
      Improvements, for a 3.58 Acre Site Located at 2080 Channing Avenue.
      * Quasi-Judicial

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning & Community Environment noted various
iterations of this Project had been presented over the past decade, and stated
a majority of the community, the Design Review Committee for the
surrounding neighborhood and the applicants had reached a consensus. He
stated Staff was pleased to present this Project.

Amy French, Acting Assistant Director of Planning & Community Environment
reported the Edgewood Plaza Project was a planned community rezoning and
associated tentative map to add ten homes to the 1950s shopping center site,
along with a new park on the commercial parcel. She noted rehabilitation was
planned for the vacant grocery store and two other retail buildings. She
indicated adjustments would be made to the location of one of those buildings
and to the existing parking lots and historic sign in order to create a

                                          13                     03/19/2012
