put this behind them and move forward into structural changes for yet
another bargaining group.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent


17.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt Two Resolutions
      Pertaining to the Proposed Palo Alto Clean Local Energy Accessible
      Now Program, Including the Purchase Prices and Agreements, and to
      Adopt an Ordinance Amending Two Sections of Chapter 2.30 of the
      Municipal Code Relating Facilitation of the Clean Local Energy
      Accessible Now Program.

      Resolution No. 9235 of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving
      the Palo Alto Clean Local Energy Accessible Now Program, Including
      the Policies and Design Guidelines, As Amended, the CLEAN Program
      Eligibility Requirements, the Power Purchase Agreement and the
      Interconnection Agreement, and Granting the City Manager The
      Authority to Sign The Contracts For Local Renewable Resources in an
      Amount Not To Exceed $1,180,000 per Year.

      Resolution No. 9236 of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving
      Amendments to Utilities Rule and Regulation 27 Pertaining to
      Generator Interconnection.

City Manager, James Keene reported Staff recommended approval of the
proposed Palo Alto CLEAN Program, which was a new way for the City to
stimulate solar development in the community. He stated it complemented
the existing solar program, the PV Partners Program, under which City
Utilities gave rebates to property owners who built solar and used it to offset
their energy use.      He explained the CLEAN Program, a feed-in tariff
program, allowed property owners to install solar panels on rooftops and to
sell the power directly to the City Utility. He said the goal for the first year
of the Program was 4 megawatts of solar on large commercial rooftops, and
future program years could include a range of technologies and open
participation to more types of customers. He noted 4 megawatts was
enough to power approximately 1,000 homes in the City. He stated the
Program was designed to have little or no rate impact compared to existing
renewable power purchasing programs. He explained the generation of
energy from the Program would be counted toward the City's current goals
to procure 33 percent of its electric portfolio from renewable generation. He
stated the Palo Alto CLEAN Program price to be paid to project owners was
based on what the City would otherwise have to pay for renewable power,
plus a very small incentive to encourage response from the industry. He
indicated Staff was prepared to begin accepting applications on April 2nd if
the Program was approved.

                                      10                            3/05/2011
