                               MINUTES
spaces which were relieved under the exemption represented less than one
percent of the parking deficit identified in Mr. Alsman’s handout. The project
was initially approved in 2007 by the ARB, with the ARB Chair demanding a
larger project. Until 2007 he and Mr. Keenan were unaware of the 1:1 FAR
exemption and were astonished it existed. The 1980’s zoning ordinance
update included no lobbying by downtown owners. The 2007 approval
would have lasted until the submittal of a building permit was required by
January 2010. The new project was submitted in December 2011. Prior to
that he met with Mr. Williams and Staff had had dialogue about 101 Lytton,
which looked at the 1:1 FAR exemption. Planning Staff issued a notice of
incompletion in January 2012 but nothing was included about parking or the
1:1 FAR exemption. 135 Hamilton Avenue was an actively pursued project
that included rental units and used TDR as allowed and was fully parked
other than the 1:1 FAR exemption.

David Kleiman spoke regarding 636 Waverley Street, which was a smaller
project about 10,000 square feet in total. They were only weeks away from
the first ARB hearing. He requested clarity as soon as possible on the
parking issue. Passing the moratorium without granting an exception for his
project was unfair because there was a reasonable expectation based on
past history of Council’s action for already started projects. They spent
substantial money and time readying the project. The parking was to code;
the project did not ask for exceptions to any zoning. He felt it was
unreasonable for the City to ask them to pay an in lieu fee or to purchase
TDR’s when the existing code clearly exempted the project.

Ken Alsman was concerned about all the issues surrounding parking in
downtown. He urged Council to accept Staff’s recommendation on the
moratorium with no exceptions. He thought 135 Hamilton Avenue would
generate at least 70 unparked cars upon completion. He completed an
analysis of the 18 projects Palo Alto had approved, under consideration and
construction but not occupied and estimated they would generate in excess
of 700 additional unparked cars.

Richard Brand stated he was a member of the University South
Neighborhood Group Board.      Following the residential parking permit
meeting in July he thought the process was broken, but there was a
proposal and he applauded Staff’s efforts to correct the root problem. He
thought the 1980’s ordinance was created to revitalize the downtown and it
was extremely successful. He respected the developer’s points regarding
their investments, but the City had worked on the downtown parking
problem for over a year. He thought if there were exemptions granted they
needed to have financial conditions that required parking near the

                                                                        Page 22 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
