                                 MINUTES
was no ownership of the Plaza.

Susan Webb organized the jam session held in Lytton Plaza. She supported
Staff's recommendations. Only two businesses requested electrical power
begin at 6:00 P.M. rather than 5:00 P.M. She suggested additional wording
of "no musician or group shall be allowed to monopolize the Plaza power by
showing up and planning to play every day but shall share available hours
and days." This would be a self-enforced limit.

Russ Cohen, Executive Director of Palo Alto Downtown Association felt live
music brought energy to Downtown and assisted with Downtown's success.
The proposed amendments did not prevent musicians from playing at Lytton
Plaza during the day as long as music was not amplified. He urged the
Council to approve the amendments.

Barbara Gross, Friends of Lytton Plaza supported the proposed amendments.
Retail, commercial, and public interests had to be balanced to maintain the
vitality of Downtown.

Phyllis Munsey received complaints from tenants in her building adjoining
Lytton Plaza regarding amplified music.    She supported the proposed
amendments, but suggested amplified music begin at 6:00 P.M.

Faith Bell believed the major problem was religious organizations protesting
loudly in Lytton Plaza. She suggested keeping the noise at a moderate level
and glazing or sealing the surface of the Plaza to prevent stains.

Council Member Klein asked Staff to comment on the 5:00 P.M. versus 6:00
P.M. start time for amplified music.

Mr. Anderson had not been notified of the business community's preference
for a 6:00 P.M. start time prior to the Council meeting. Participants at a
business stakeholders meeting indicated their preference for music
beginning any time after 5:00 P.M. Perhaps some of them had changed
their minds during the trial period.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether Staff was recommending the
start time be 6:00 P.M.

Mr. Anderson reported the proposal was a 5:00 P.M. start time Monday
through Friday. If the Council chose, start times for weekdays could be
changed to 6:00 P.M.      Ms. Webb, a primary stakeholder representing
musicians, was agreeable to 6:00 P.M. but preferred 5:00 P.M.

                                                                      Page 17 of 22
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/19/12
