                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff said he listened to Commissioner Keller’s points about
where they would be in terms of LOS. He asked what the current LOS was.

Mr. Rodriguez said that almost all of the intersections along the corridor
operated at LOS A or B, and they remained that way as they analyzed the
corridor through the traffic impact analysis when they started the project.
They looked at LOS from two perspectives, the intersection LOS, which was
what Commissioner Keller had referred to, and from a roadway segment LOS
where they studied delays from people parking. That was also at a LOS of A
or B throughout the corridor.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he understood that it took a lot to get to LOS D from
A or B. He thought it was obvious that they would not go from LOS A or B
to service level D. It was unclear to him what was gained by spending
$75,000 or so on a trial if that was the metric the City used.

Mr. Keller said his personal opinion was that a trial would not show that
there was excessive congestion based on objective metrics such as LOS. He
said that would allow the City to go forward with the proposed changes.
What concerned him was that there was a large segment of the merchants
who believed that the narrowing of the roadway from four lanes to two lanes
would seriously impact their businesses. He noted there was a segment of
the community that agreed with the merchants. The consideration for him
was that significant amounts of money were being spent on lawsuits, which
would be better spent on a trial. He said that putting a small amount of
money on board seemed like a valuable resource. What needed to happen
first was that the merchants and community needed to propose a trial.
Proposing a trial was inexpensive, but implementing one cost money.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that another item raised by the P&TC was mid-block
crosswalks. He confirmed that was not in the original plan and asked if the
idea behind that was traffic calming.

Mr. Keller suggested a raised mid-block crosswalk because it allowed for
better pedestrian safety. At an intersection there were stop signs, but when
you had pedestrians crossing mid-block there were no stop signs. There
was visual treatment, but a raised crosswalk was kind of like a speed table
so the cars had to slow for it and it was easier for the pedestrians to cross.
He said it was a modest cost for improved pedestrian crossing safety.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if that would make the LOS worse and slow traffic.
He asked if that was the merchant’s concern.


                                                                        Page 39 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
