Vice Mayor Scharff explained the CLEAN name was a nationally recognized
brand.   He asked Mr. Lewis to discuss how the name was nationally
recognized and why that made some sense in terms of Palo Alto CLEAN as
opposed to Palo Alto Green.

Mr. Lewis stated the term feed-in tariff was universally unappealing, and it
was a carryover from the German translation. He indicated the Rockefeller
family had a foundation that supported CLEAN Programs and wanted to see
them proliferate throughout the United States. He noted they funded a
nationwide focus group effort to find a better name. He reported across
every demographic, whether geographic, socioeconomic, or gender, the
name CLEAN percolated to the top of every focus group conducted
throughout the country.         He stated CLEAN Programs were under
development in dozens of locations throughout the country at the local and
state levels. He said it was an incredible opportunity for the City of Palo Alto
to be the first program of many that would take the official CLEAN name.
He explained CLEAN stood for Clean Local Energy Accessible Now. He
reported that name was chosen because every single word was very
important; it's clean, the energy is local, and it is accessible now. He
indicated bringing energy generation close to the location of use required
constructing projects on a built environment or on disturbed land; however,
it did not require waiting for transmission to be built or for environmental
permitting reviews.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

18.   Public Hearing: To Consider An Appeal Of An Architectural Review
      Approval And A Record Of Land Use Action (1) Approving A Mitigated
      Negative Declaration, And (2) Upholding The Director's Architectural
      Review Approval Of A Three Story Development Consisting Of 84
      Rental Residential Units In 104,971 Square Feet Within The Upper
      Floors, 50,467 S.F. Ground Floor Research And Development Area,
      Subterranean     And    Surface   Parking  Facilities, And   Offsite
      Improvements, With Two Concessions Under State Housing Density
      Bonus Law (SB1818) On A 2.5 Acre Parcel At 195 Page Mill Road And
      2865 Park Boulevard.         Note: Tentative Map application for
      condominiums has been withdrawn. * Quasi Judicial (PLNG) Applicant
      requests this item be continued.

Vice Mayor Scharff understood there was a request for a continuance on this
Item.

Steve Emslie, Deputy City Manager reported the applicant for the Project at
2865 Park Boulevard had requested this Item be continued. He stated Staff
was supportive of that request, but would need a Council Motion to take that
action.

                                      14                            3/05/2011
