MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Burt no, Yeh Absent

13.   Approval of the Use of $2,275,796 of Park Development Impact Fees
      to Fund Park Improvements at El Camino Park in Conjunction With
      Utilities Department CIP WS-08002 El Camino Park Reservoir Project.

Greg Betts, Community Services Director recalled Staff made a presentation
to the Council in June 2011 after a series of discussions with the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC). Council directed Staff to review six items.
Staff had successfully achieved those six directives, and had returned to the
PARC to get their consensus to fulfill those objectives. Staff had also worked
with designers on the reservoir project. They were coordinating the design
of the restoration of El Camino Park, and had prepared updated figures from
those presented in June 2011. Staff had also discussed prioritization of
projects with the PARC. The purpose of tonight's Item was to review funding
of this project. Site design remained tentative, and Staff would have a study
session with the Architectural Review Board (ARB) on May 3, 2012. There
had been quite a bit of action on 27 University Avenue, the location of
MacArthur Park Restaurant and the Red Cross building. Staff was working
closely with the designers on 27 University Avenue to ensure the entire
gateway parcel was well integrated. This would achieve the goal of creating
a gateway among Stanford Shopping Center, Stanford University, and
Downtown Palo Alto. Staff was mindful of timing issues. El Camino Park
was one of four principle sports facilities in Palo Alto. The reservoir project
was ahead of schedule, because of the dry weather. There was some
urgency to complete the design, so that the project could be completed
without two separate phases. Separate phases would add to the cost of the
project. The San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) was
moving forward with plans for improvements to the levees at the Baylands.
Moving the levee would affect parking and play at the Baylands athletic
facility. One of the field carpets at the Stanford-Palo Alto playing fields was
almost useless, and there was a proposal for a Capital Improvement
Program (CIP) in the Fiscal Year 2013 Budget. Replacing the carpet would
take the sports facility out of play. Staff was concerned that these sports
facilities were away from neighborhoods, and wanted to avoid placing sports
activities in neighborhood parks.

Daren Anderson, Division Manager for Open Space Parks and Golf indicated
Staff recommended tentative approval of the design for park improvements
at El Camino Park, recognizing that the design had not yet been approved by
the ARB; use of $2,275,796 in Park Development Impact Fees to fund Staff's
tentative list of improvements at El Camino Park; and deferral of
construction of a dog exercise area until an environmental assessment could
be completed for Stanford University's approval, and final funding could be
secured. At the June 13, 2011 Council meeting, the Council approved the
design for improvements to El Camino Park to include a synthetic field, new

                                      31                          04/23/2012
