From a statistical basis, he said residents' feelings towards these six key
drivers most influenced their overall feelings toward the City. He noted that
analysis was performed by the survey provider, not the City Auditor's office.
He presented a chart which plotted Palo Alto's benchmark survey results that
Staff felt most closely aligned with the key drivers identified by the survey
provider. For each of the survey questions, Staff plotted where the question
fell in comparison to survey results from the other surveyed jurisdictions, also
known as the benchmark results. He reported the ratings ranged from much
above other jurisdictions through much below. He stated another aspect of
the survey was Staff's ability to identify geographic subgroups within Palo
Alto, and to analyze the results of the survey by these subgroups. He
reported this year Staff chose north/south as the geographic subgroups, with
the dividing line being Oregon Expressway and Page Mill Road. He noted there
were very few questions on the survey where the results were statistically
different. He reported breaking down a sample of 427 survey responses into
two almost equal subgroups impacted the margin of error for the results; in
this case the margin of error went from +/- 5 percent for the overall survey to
+/- 7 percent for the geographic subgroups. He noted the data in the SEA was
not adjusted for inflation, so readers of the report needed to keep that in
mind as they reviewed the Report. He reported inflation for the Bay Area,
based on the San Francisco Area Consumer Price Index for Urban Consumers,
increased by 2.4 percent from last year and 8.1 percent from 2007. The last
thing he wanted to discuss was the Citizen Centric Report, which was intended
to be a brief, easy-to-read document that provided a quick snapshot of the
City's progress over the year. He noted it was a four-page report, which
covered City organization and basic information, summarized City revenue
and expenditure information, and provided an economic outlook for the
future. For those who were interested, he noted copies of the SEA Report and
the Citizen Centric Report were available online at the City Auditor's web site,
or member of the public could also stop by the City Auditor's office for hard
copies. He acknowledged and thanked everyone involved in the process of
preparing this comprehensive report.        He stated Staff from all of the
Departments had responded to detailed requests and answered questions
throughout the process. Staff from the City Auditor's office had worked
incredibly hard to complete the Report and performed the bulk of the work
while his position was vacant.

Mayor Yeh thanked Staff for their work and the presentation.

Council Member Shepherd noted information was reported as per capita rather
than per household, and inquired what the difference would be if it were
reported as per household.

Mr. Pelletier did not think Staff had the household information with them, but
stated that was something they could look into and should be fairly easy
information to gather.

                                             4                     03/19/2012
