                               MINUTES
be approved tonight in order for the preschool and kindergarten to open in
mid-August. He wanted to find some way to resolve the problem and move
ahead with the project.

Paul Albriton, outside counsel for AT&T Mobility, was present to answer
questions regarding the DAS project referenced in Agenda Item Number 11;
Appeal of Director’s Architectural Review Approval of the Collocation by AT&T
Mobility LLC . He asked the Council to approve Phase II of the project. City
Staff, AT&T's consultant, and the third-party consultant indicated
interpretation of the Noise Ordinance should be based on the originating land
use zoning. He encouraged the Council to approve the facility as it appeared
on the Consent Calendar.

Stephanie Munoz stated giving the license to AT&T increased its power which
tended toward a monopoly. The only thing that saved AT&T customers was
the possibility of competition. She asked the Council to find a way to
mitigate the problem as it discussed the project.

Tony Kramer asked the City Council to remove Agenda Item Number 11;
Appeal of Director’s Architectural Review Approval of the Collocation by AT&T
Mobility LLC, from the Consent Calendar and to schedule it for a public
hearing. His appeal was directed toward the incorrect application of the Palo
Alto Noise Code to the noise generated by the DAS equipment. He gave
reasons why the Planning Department's interpretation of the Noise Code was
incorrect. The City Council needed to further evaluate the issue in order to
make an informed decision regarding the proper application of the Palo Alto
Noise Code to streets and sidewalks in a residentially zoned area.

Elaine Keller expressed concern that the noise generated by the DAS facility
would exceed the guidelines for residential noise pollution as outlined in the
Noise Ordinance. One DAS antenna would be located 30 inches from her
gate. The City should reevaluate the requests of the public versus the
residential Noise Ordinance.

Brant Wenegrat inquired about the effect on the property values of a cell
phone antenna adjacent to the property. He learned from studies provided
by AT&T indicated values could increase due to satisfied customers and
would not decrease. He found that to be implausible. He asked if the City
had vetted AT&T's studies and why the City was giving concessions to a
private firm at the cost of City residents.

Leland Wiesner was in favor of Agenda Item Number 11; Appeal of Director’s
Architectural Review Approval of the Collocation by AT&T Mobility LLC,
removal from the Consent Calendar to be evaluated more carefully. He
                                                                         Page 3 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/5/12
