                               MINUTES
much safer situation for bicycles to maneuver between the cars and the
parking zones. At the same time they were able to bring out the sidewalks
and extend the amenities.

Mr. Gates showed another slide that looked at the flexibility of the use of
what he called the “central belt buckle area.” He explained they could add a
15 foot parklet in the parking zones or part of them and that they could do
the same on the other side and leave the traffic flowing. He said they could
do one side and not the other and have a very large usable space. The
plaza badly needed refreshing. The fountain had not worked in some time.
He said it was the terminus to the street, so as one looked down and used
the street it was the focal point. They vetted a variety of schemes with
several workshops and moved the fountain. They had an artist they would
work with to make the fountain interactive with seating stones. They tried
to encourage bike movement as people came out of the tunnel, improve
safety, and reduce the conflicts between the bikes and the uses. The goal
was for the character of the street to work with the community. There was
a unique feeling about it with many pieces of art that they wanted to retain.
He said that having a holiday tree was critical. They wanted to screen the
Caltrain station, soften and protect it as well as make the tunnel a better
experience and a safer, lighted place. He noted they preserved all the
existing pistache trees and planned to double the number of trees. The
fountain would sit back further which created a large flexible use space,
which could be an addendum to what went on in the “belt buckle” area.
There was solar control vegetation and an edge on the space to keep
children and dogs out of the street. There were many built in seat walls and
benches. He discussed the passive sector, which was a green area with seat
walls and benches. They brought back bike storage opportunities. He said
that the screening along the Caltrain could be softened with nature.

Mr. Rodriquez showed a one way circulation of vehicles around the plaza.
Vehicles would travel in a counterclockwise movement around the plaza. He
stated that there were not many vehicle movements out there currently and
unless there was a significant change to the Caltrain schedule they did not
foresee the movement increasing in the future. There were much less than
1,000 vehicles a day around the area. Unless you lived there or were
coming from the Caltrain station there was not a reason to drive around the
plaza. When they went to the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) there was significant conversation about how the plaza should
function in relation to bicycle/pedestrian movements because the tunnel saw
up to 600 bicycle movements on a daily basis during the school year. He
showed a slide that was a transition of how Staff saw bicyclists coming down
California Avenue towards the tunnel. He said that bicyclists would share
the road with motorists but would eventually have their own entry point onto
                                                                       Page 33 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
