amendments, to allow for the secondary use and leasing of electric utility
substation sites and City Hall to wireless communication service providers to
better meet the community’s need for such services. Council should
specifically direct staff to:

     1. Retain a wireless communications consultant/provider to further
        evaluate the technical and marketing feasibility of the utility sites, City
        Hall and any other sites deemed potentially feasible, including
        conceptual design for the towers and antennas;
     2. Initiate zoning ordinance amendments to address height and site
        development standards for such facilities, and to provide for
        expeditious review of such projects and subsequent collocations; and
     3. Explore and develop incentives for use of the facilities, including a
        ministerial permit review process, favorable lease rates, and
        streamlined utility and encroachment permit reviews, for consideration
        with the zoning ordinance amendments; and
     4. Return to Council in 6 months with specifics of proposal and related
        ordinances.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to continue this item to July 2, 2012 Council meeting.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Yeh no, Price absent

6.     Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution of the Council of the City of
       Palo Alto Approving the 2012 Rail Corridor Study Report and Amending
       the Transportation Element of the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan to
       Incorporate Certain Findings of the Report (Staff requests item be
       continued to 7/9/12).

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to continue Agenda Item No. 6 to July 9, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

None

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned in memory of Ralph Libby and
Professor Yeh 12:03 A.M.




                                         4                            06/25/2012
