Council Member Shepherd stated she would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 4 as it was a conflict with her husband’s law firm.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 3-10, with a correction on Agenda Item
Number 4 that the public hearing is set for May 7, 2012 for FY 2013 and not
FY 2012.

Pamela Radin spoke on Item Number 9 as a proponent of Ross Road and
finishing Oregon Expressway for the safety changes it would bring. She
urged the Council to pass this Item.

Mike Aberg spoke on Item Number 9 and was looking forward to the bike-
pedestrian light at Ross Road and Oregon Expressway. This would be the
first step in having a Ross Road bike boulevard.

Andrew Boone spoke on Item Number 9 and was glad to see the last step for
the Oregon Expressway Improvement Project was before the Council. In
addition to the signal light timing improvements, the visible change at Ross
Road and Oregon Expressway was a bicycle-activated light to cross Oregon
Expressway. A network of bicycle boulevards was recognized as the most
important piece of infrastructure, with the biggest benefit for the lowest cost
to reduce traffic congestion, reduce air pollution, and achieve many
transportation goals.

Mayor Yeh indicated the public hearing in Item No. 4 on the Consent
Calendar would be held on May 7, 2012 for Fiscal Year 2013.

3.    Approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a Variance for the
      following exceptions associated with the remodel and addition to an
      existing single-family residence: (1)placement of a swimming pool
      within a 24 foot special setback; (2) placement of noise producing
      equipment (pool equipment) within a 24 foot special setback; (3) one-
      story encroachment into the 24 foot special setback (approximately
      90’-3” long by 4’-1” deep); (4) basement, following the   first  floor
      footprint, and below grade patio encroachment into the 24 foot special
      setback; and (5)one encroachment into the front setback (27” at the
      master bedroom corner for a length of 5’-6”) located at 885 Seale
      Avenue. * Quasi Judicial

4.    Preliminary Approval of the Report of the Advisory Board for Fiscal
      Year 2013 in Connection with the Palo Alto Downtown Business
      Improvement District and Adoption of Resolution 9243 Declaring its
      Intention to Levy an Assessment Against Businesses within the
      Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District for Fiscal Year


                                      4                           04/23/2012
