presented to the City Council as a lead element. He also asked for Staff's
opinions of how to achieve the goals set forth if Staff did not support the
recommendations.

Council Member Shepherd questioned Recommendation 1-7 regarding
periodic audits by the City Auditor. She thought the City Auditor's role was
to take up formal audits and asked what this recommendation meant for the
City Auditor.

James Pelletier, City Auditor, stated he could consider it as part of the
annual work plan.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to verify that the concept of audit
correlated with the Audit Department's actual selection of its work plan.

Mr. Pelletier stated Staff would approach this based on any policies set by
the Council in response to the Report. He indicated the decisions made
would become the criteria to audit against going forward to make sure they
were meeting requirements set by the Council.

Mr. Keene agreed with the basic statements regarding what is embedded in
the IMS approach. He felt it was almost a recommendation to create an
organizational infrastructure for managing City infrastructure to deal with
systems, transparency and accountability. He thought a number of the
recommendations were to reflect that value system.            He stated an
independent audit would be performed periodically to reinforce the notion
that infrastructure is being taken seriously, done openly and transparently,
and has some rigorous discipline. He noted there could be variations on how
to achieve the goal of the recommendations, but IMS was a prerequisite for
the City's ability to carry on in any systemic way on dealing with the City's
infrastructure challenges.

Council Member Holman strongly supported an IMS. She expressed concern
that an increased sales tax could send sales to other places, especially for
big-ticket items. She asked about the typical impact of a sales tax increase.

Mr. Keene stated the discussion had moved from the IMS section to the
Finance section.

Council Member Burt noted the recommendation for a commission and
Staff's opposition to that. If there was not an independent commission, he
was interested in having discussions concerning the roles of the Finance
Committee and the Planning and Transportation Commission. He suggested
the Council could redefine the role of the Planning and Transportation
Commission to advisor to the Council and review the qualifications for
members. He was interested in hearing Staff's thoughts on organizational

                                     20                          01/17/2012
