Mr. Keene explained the outsourcing question came down to two things:
cost and quality of service. He stated quality of service was difficult to
define, and managing costs for the long term versus the near term was a
challenge. Even if the Council considered consolidating the Fire Department,
Palo Alto would still need Fire Stations and fire equipment. He thought
consolidation dealt with the way services were provided, and there were
many opportunities to re-imagine how the City provided these services. He
indicated consolidation became a factor when a city failed at providing
services, and ultimately those were the advantages that came with that
approach. He referenced the IBRC recommendations regarding Stations 3
and 4, and stated with the kind of model and mindset the City had the
stations were too small and the City wanted to ensure Essential Service
Standards for Public Safety Facilities. He reminded the Council this wasn't
about getting a better evidence storage room; it was about having an
Essential Service Standard for Public Safety Facilities. He explained it was
sometimes hard to accept that, because it involved high investment for a
relatively small risk. He said there would be all sorts of commission and
inquisitions if Police and Fire couldn't respond to a disaster. He felt the
Council had to rethink it in every way. As the IBRC Report and the City's
Studies pointed out, the vast majority of calls for service were for
emergency services; therefore, needing to rebuild facilities to store fire
engines versus different paramedic and emergency response equipment
could be done differently. He thought more options would open up as the
Council discussed it, which forestalled the consolidation issue. He noted that
was different from the current conversation, were there particular functions
that made sense for regionalization. He indicated Mr. Burns discussed
Dispatch, and that made sense. He remarked equipment maintenance and
evidence storage were also ripe for potential regionalization, which could
shrink local space demands.

Council Member Schmid stated the Council was considering consolidating
police functions and activities into a single, larger location, and discussing
rebuilding Stations around town, certainly Stations 3 and 4 and possibly
Stations 2 and 5. He explained the Council was considering consolidation for
the Fire Department and dispersion for the Police Department. He remarked
the Fire Department and Emergency Medical Services were concerned with
response times, which meant the equipment should be close to the location
of the problem. He thought the Fire Department and their emergency
vehicles located within walking distance would be a key resource in
responding to disasters. He asked whether a dispersion model for the Police
Department would make sense.          He suggested the Police Department
emergency response vehicles and personnel should also be dispersed at local
Fire Stations. He inquired if an emergency response station should be
equipped to deal with all kinds of emergencies if transportation systems
weren't working.
                                  34                   January 21, 2012 
 
