only pay the retiree obligation although there will come a time when the
rating agencies will consider this a liability.

Vice Mayor Scharff said as long as the appropriate assumptions were chosen
the ARC will show fully funded. He asked the amount of money that could be
saved staying within the boundaries of the assumptions.

Mr. Perez said if there were changes made to a 30-year amortization and the
7.61 percent rate of assumption there could be a savings of $860,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the funds were being taken from the Reserves
since the concessions were not received.

Mr. Perez agreed that was a possibility.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted taking funds from one Reserve to add to another
Reserve provided less flexibility.

Mr. Perez confirmed that would be the scenario for 2012 but Staff was not
suggesting the same approach for 2013.

Council Member Schmid said the question for the Actuary was about clear
and true picture of costs and obligations. There was a recommended option
outlined in the Actuarial Report that the City accept a discount rate of 7.25
percent although staying under Option 1 raised the confidence level of
achievement and yet it maintained the same set of asset distributions.

Mr. Bartel said that was correct.

Council Member Schmid asked how long it took for an Actuarial Assessment
to catch up with structural changes. As an Actuary the position was to have
the City assume a greater risk. A City was required to assume all final risk.
His concern was staying with Option 1 was pushing more of the investments
into a Hedge Fund scenario where risks had been exaggerated over the past
few years.

Mr. Bartel stated the firm was not recommending Investment Option 1, 2, or
3.

Council Member Schmid said there was a recommendation for Option 1.

Mr. Bartel clarified if there was an incident where Option 1 was identified it
was in error, he clearly noted the firm personnel were not investment
advisors.



                                     12                           01/30/2012
