                               MINUTES
Mr. Hackmann explained Caltrain had an EIR for electrification. It would
incorporate updated information into that current EIR and seek approval of
the EIR. The HSRA would then need to have an EIR approved for its
additional capacity when it was ready to make the connection.

Council Member Price asked if the Caltrain electrification project had been
certified with the current information.

Mr. Hackmann indicated Caltrain had an electrification EIR in some form for
quite some time, but it had not moved to have the EIR approved.

Council Member Price inquired if Staff knew when Caltrain would seek
approval.

Mr. Hackmann reported Caltrain had indicated it would have a gate crossing
traffic analysis completed by the fall or end of the year. That analysis would
be the basis for mitigations required in the Corridor when electrification
occurred. At that point, dialog about the EIR would begin, and a time table
for approval of the document could be determined. The scale of those
mitigations could change the complexity of the dialog and the outreach
needed. Working through issues would impact how quickly clearance could
occur.

Council Member Price stated the original assumption was that Caltrain
hooking its future to funding for HSR would help pay for electrification and
modernization of the Corridor. She asked for the status of that link.

Council Member Klein indicated that financing had been superseded by a
series of MOUs between the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC)
and Caltrain, San Francisco, and San Jose. The purpose of the MOUs was to
allow matching funding from MTC. He felt the HSRA was correct regarding
organization of the EIRs. The issue of segmentation had not been raised.
Caltrain and HSR were viewed as two separate projects. Caltrain's EIR
would be prepared on the assumption that Caltrain's project stood alone.
The HSRA would prepare its own EIR in addition to Caltrain's EIR. The
difference in funding led to a different method for handling the EIRs.

Council Member Price was familiar with the MOUs. She asked whether
funding via the MOUs was sufficient for the future of Caltrain.

Mr. Hackmann explained the investment under discussion was capital
funding. Council Member Price was inquiring about operating funding.
Caltrain was funded through the end of the next fiscal year for its current
schedule.   However, if a dedicated or other funding source was not
                                                                        Page 25 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/21/12
