                                MINUTES

Ms. Stump explained the project would need to move through the City's
regular processes for approval as a Planned Community (PC). The Council
retained its full discretion to address the project on its merits, including any
environmental concerns. It was a question for PAHC regarding how it would
respond to project changes that altered the financial arrangement
anticipated by the financing documents.

Ms. Gonzalez understood and expected changes as the project moved
through the entitlement process. PAHC's plan, including financing, was a
conservative approach that would allow for some flexibility.

Council Member Holman inquired whether PAHC's approach included possible
changes in land configurations.

Ms. Gonzalez replied yes. PAHC reviewed and considered various scenarios,
and was conservative in those numbers as well.

Mayor Yeh understood the Council was considering a loan agreement tonight
with the future opportunity to enter into a regulatory agreement with PAHC
for this project. He asked if there would be multiple agreements for Council
consideration.

Ms. Gonzalez answered yes.

Mayor Yeh recalled discussions with Staff and PAHC regarding Buena Vista
Mobile Home Park, and inquired how PAHC would prioritize residents.

Ms. Gonzalez reported PAHC provided a live-work preference for tax credit
properties. A live-work preference meant that residents currently living or
working in Palo Alto received a preference on the waiting list and moved up
faster. On average, approximately 75 percent of new residents received a
live-work preference. PAHC was reviewing whether or not it could narrow
the live-work preference by neighborhood, ZIP Code, or displaced tenants.

Mayor Yeh asked if PAHC had held discussions with neighbors and residents
of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.

Ms. Gonzalez stated PAHC had talked with neighbors and residents regarding
a preference or priority for the Maybell Avenue property, when construction
would begin, and how PAHC could help them.

Mayor Yeh indicated community members had worked with residents of
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. Twenty residents were over 60 years old
                                                                          Page 12 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/19/12
