                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman noted the new Urban Forester and the lack of a tree
maintenance person, a Managing Arborist, and a Planning Arborist. The
Planning Department did not have a Planning Arborist or an Arborist. She
asked what who the team for the Urban Forester and how this would affect
services.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, reported the City had eight tree
trimmers; that had not changed. The tree maintenance person had been re-
classed to a project manager to assist the Urban Forester with the various
contracts in that program. The Planning Arborist position continued to exist.
The only staffing change in the FY 2013 Budget for urban forestry was the
re-classed position.

Mr. Perez stated Staff had erroneously listed the tree maintenance position
as a reduction rather than a re-class in the summary of positions being
eliminated. Staff corrected that with the FC.

Council Member Holman could not track these positions in the position
allocation by department information.

Mr. Sartor would provide a list of positions in the urban forestry program
and the organizational chart.

Council Member Holman stated the Development Center had an increase of
five employees; however, the Planning Department had a reduction of one
employee. A great deal of work flowed from the Planning Department to the
Development Center. She wanted to understand how these pieces fit
together.

Mr. Keene suggested the question concerned the work demands in the
Planning Department and meshing that with the Budget recommendations.

Curtis Williams, Planning & Community Environment Director, reported the
position being eliminated was an advanced planning position. The advanced
planning loss reduced the kinds of projects being handled. Staff would try to
recover some of that loss through contract services. Staff was relying more
and more on contract services in current planning and advanced planning.

Council Member Holman indicated advanced planning would handle projects
such as Cubberley and possibly the Post Office. She asked colleagues to
consider how to have proactive consideration of projects without adequate
advanced planning Staff. Approving this reduction would be a serious loss.
                                                                       Page 17 of 25
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/11/12
