                               MINUTES
MOTION:      Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt the Interim Urgency Ordinance establishing a moratorium
on the use of the Exempt Floor Area parking exemption set forth in Section
18.52.06 (c) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code in connection with any permit,
entitlement or development project, pending further study of Downtown and
California Avenue parking issues.      Return to Council within 45 days
regarding the potential exemptions.

Vice Mayor Scharff believed the City owed Professorville, Downtown North,
and other areas a commitment to resolve the parking issues and solve the
problem. The difficult parking issues that required serious thought related to
the exemptions.

Council Member Shepherd was conflicted about the projects in process. She
was prepared to go forward with the urgency ordinance but not with the
exemption. The TDR exemption was easy; it was the 40 parking exempted
at 135 Hamilton Avenue that concerned her.

Council Member Espinosa noted that if the item returned in 60 days he
would probably no longer be on the Council. He believed in fairness and
equity and thought the Council often forgot the time and money spent on
moving projects through the City’s system. The Council avoided changing
rules during the process in the past for good reasons. He believed it was
inappropriate for the Council to change the rules related to projects in
process.

Council Member Holman was unclear about the 60 days mentioned in the
Motion because the ordinance lasted for 45 days.

Vice Mayor Scharff said they were not exempted until they returned to
Council for discussion.

Ms. Stump said the urgency ordinance provided that the use of the 1:1 was
under a moratorium effective on the Council’s vote that evening. That
applied to all projects, including the projects in process unless the Council
specifically exemption them. The Motion as stated applied to all projects
and considered an exemption in 60 days.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed to 45 days if Staff believed that to be appropriate.
He had wanted to give Staff time and had not been sure 45 days was
enough.

Mr. Williams believes they were required by State law to have a public
hearing in 45 days.
                                                                        Page 25 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
