Council Member Espinosa asked if there would be additional information
provided in the interim that would necessitate not making the decision that
evening.

Mr. Bobel said there was not any quantitative information that Staff had
planned to get, Council Member Schmid asked about the regulatory issues,
so Staff would research that. Staff had assumed there would be other
questions raised by the Council or the public. The principle reason for the
delay would be so Staff could prepare the timeline.

Council Member Espinosa confirmed the delay was for big picture matters
and less about detail or new information beside some regulatory issues that
were raised.

Mr. Bobel agreed.

Mayor Yeh asked if there was anything coming back in June 2010 regarding
the Golder contract and composting. He asked if part of this review would
be to bring back options for composting within Palo Alto more broadly.

Mr. Bobel said that Staff would not look at other possibilities within the City.
We said that the Compost Blue Ribbon Task Force did that and found no
other viable locations within the City.

Mayor Yeh stated his preference was for home based composting to the
extent that it was an option for continued composting within the City. He
said that if there were alternatives to operations versus home based, that
would be helpful. He said it informed the composting discussion more
broadly.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff could bring back information on that. He said it was
Staff’s recommendation for Council to approve the entire contract.

Stephen Rosenblum of 212 Santa Rita stated he voted for Measure E based
on the fact that the facility was to be constructed on that site to allow Palo
Alto to become a forefront city in the use of energy and converting waste to
energy.    He urged moving forward as expeditiously as possible with
developing plans for such a facility.      He strongly supported the Staff
recommendations. He agreed with Mayor Yeh that there would have to be
composting past the June 2012 date even if there would not be a central
facility. He stated he composted at home, but was unable to compost all of
his yard waste. He said that he strongly supported Palo Alto’s direction on
item.

                                   12                     February 6, 2012
  
