                                MINUTES
approval of the single story project that was submitted and approved in
2009 but had since expired. That did not qualify as an amendment, but the
Council could consider it if it made a determination that there was a
distinguishing characteristic from that project as opposed to new
applications.

Molly Stump, City Attorney added that many people asked if there was an
expectation or right of downtown property owners to continue with the
current zoning rules in place. Legally the answer was clearly no. She said
the Council could choose to allow projects to continue utilizing the rule and
to change it in the future, but legally it was clear. Property owners acquired
a vested legal right to continue on with the status quo rules only once a final
building permit had been issued and substantial work took place that relied
on the building permit. Once a building permit was issue and work began,
the vested right was limited by the building permit. Once a permit expired
so did the legal right. She said it was important that the Council treat
similarly situated individuals in a similar way. When distinctions were made
they needed a rational basis for the different rule. That was a standard that
required careful thinking and articulation.

Chop Keenan of Emerson Street said he was a long time parking zealot in
Palo Alto. He was Chair of the Downtown Parking Committee in the 1990’s.
They met monthly and discussed a variety of parking issues. He said
parking equaled prosperity. 90 days ago he proposed a public/private
collaboration on Lot P to build 190 additional spaces. He acknowledged that
was separate from the evening’s conversation but stated he mentioned it to
show his commitment for parking in Professorville. On 135 Hamilton Avenue
in 2007 he has a 7,700 foot building approved on a 10,000 foot lot with a
1:1 FAR exemption. The ARB stated it was an important corner and wanted
it built to the maximum FAR with residential units.        Consequently he
returned in December 2011 with a 20,000 square foot building that met the
criteria with the 1:1 FAR exemption. There was over a half a million dollars
invested in the project.      In January 2012 they received a notice of
incompletion, which was promptly answered and turned around. On August
29, 2012, the Mitigated Negative Declaration was published. The ARB
meeting was held on September 30, 2012, and they were currently working
on the ARB’s comments. He asked that the project be exempted from the
moratorium.

Jim Baer said with the exception of the project at 135 Hamilton Avenue he
fully supported the urgency Ordinance eliminating the 1:1 FAR exemption
both downtown and on California Avenue. He stated he was involved in 75
projects between those two areas. The 135 Hamilton Avenue project
needed an exemption because of process, fairness, and equity. The 40
                                                                         Page 21 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/15/12
