                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman meant a design different from that presented in the
plan sheet.

Council Member Burt would support the Incorporated change if it stated the
ARB would review the design.

Mr. Janz stated the various details in the Staff report would be reviewed by
the ARB subcommittee. He asked if the language could clarify that the
Council was not sending the project back for a full ARB review.

Council Member Holman replied yes. She agreed with Council Member
Klein's comments regarding the café being prescriptive, and would support
an Amendment including language for other uses.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that in lieu of a retail food and beverage
establishment that the use of 2,400 s.f. would be set aside for a public
serving retail establishment other than financial, medical, legal and
accounting.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt a café would draw people into the place, and a small
retail shop would not do that. Having food and beverages in the plaza would
create a streetscape that would draw people into the plaza.

Council Member Klein had no objection to a food and beverage
establishment; however, other uses could work in the location. The Council
should not restrict the applicant to certain uses.

Council Member Holman supported the language.         The area could be a
gathering place with uses other than a cafe.

Council Member Burt stated the objective was not to spread retail into the
area; the objective was to create vitality in the plaza. Retail food and
beverage was not restrictive to one type of food or beverage establishment.
Those kinds of establishments were valued.

Council Member Schmid felt the Incorporated change offered opportunities
for diverse choices and increased the square footage.

Council Member Espinosa believed commercial uses other than food and
beverage could provide vitality. He supported the Incorporated change.

Vice Mayor Scharff indicated the space requirement was 2,400 s.f., with a
minimum of 1,200 s.f. for a café.


06/25/2012                                                            111-93
