                                MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd asked if the project would return to the ARB for
final approval of the design if it was approved by Council.

Mr. Williams said the ARB had conditions regarding details such as colors
and architectural details, but the substantive issues had been addressed, so
the project would return to a subcommittee of two members of the ARB. He
stated that was a typical process the ARB had to review details after the
initial approval.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Applicant made changes if it could go
through that process with the ARB without coming back to Council.

Mr. Williams thought that depended on what the nature of the changes were.
If it was a minor change then Council could direct Staff or the ARB
subcommittee to review it, but if it was more substantive then they could
require full ARB review.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that the project itself would still be
maintained as an approved project.

Mr. Williams said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff said when he read the letter from the Regional Water
Quality Control Board what he took away from it was that they believed that
the project was protective of public health. He understood that to mean that
the Water Board did not think there was an issue on the project at all with
vapor intrusion. He asked if that was a fair statement.

Mr. Williams said that it was. He thought the Water Board indicated the EPA
felt that as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that they seemed to go further than that when they
said there was a vapor intrusion contingency which they said “given the
anticipated attenuation by the Ventilation Inspection Management and
Service (VIMS) alone we do not anticipate indoor air levels of concern, but if
levels of concern are detected however the sub-slab ventilation portion of
the VIMS can be converted into an active ventilation system.” He stated
there was a backup if it turned out there was an issue.

Mr. Williams said that was correct and the Applicant had committed in the
City’s conditions of approval that if necessary they would install an active
ventilation system.

                                                                        Page 25 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
