                                MINUTES
Kathy Shen, Human Resources Director, said the Service Employees’
International Union (SEIU) represented 580 employees. The City and SEIU
bargained over three months and held 14 meeting to reach an agreement on
a successor Memorandum of Agreement (MOA). The new contract was in
effect for 17 months from July 1, 2012, to December 1, 2013. The
agreement contained significant structural concessions in pension and
medical provisions resulting in employees paying their full contribution to
CalPERS for the pension, a pension salary calculation over three years rather
than over a single year, employees paying 10 percent of medical premiums
as active employees and as future retirees, and a decrease in the medical
waiver cash out amount to the single rate of $284.00 per month. She stated
that employees would also see a reduction of one floating holiday in Fiscal
Year 2014 and an elimination of the cash out option for all floating holidays.
She said that the SEIU MOA provided $213,000 in savings annually to the
General Fund and overall over a half a million in savings. Included in the
calculation was a cost of living adjustment (COLA) of 1.65 percent, which
was intended to offset the cost of structural pension contributions by
employees.

Council Member Shepherd said that Staff had done an incredible job of
partnering with the labor groups. She thanked them for the partnering
because this affected real people who were suffering. She stated that she
saw it and was not happy about it but understood the City needed to keep
its budget representative of how it delivered services.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt the Resolution amending Section 1401 of the Merit System
Rules and Regulations to adopt a new Memorandum of Agreement (MOA)
between the City of Palo Alto and Service Employees’ International Union
(SEIU), Local 521 effective July 1, 2012 through December 1, 2013.

Mayor Yeh also thanked Staff for the entire process. He said that it
highlighted the ability for negotiations to unfold in a constructive time frame.
He said that there were many good faith discussions that occurred. Since
SEIU was the largest labor group it had a major impact on the City’s budget
and the City appreciated that the SEIU members ratified the agreement.

Mr. Keene said one particularly positive feature of the negotiations and
contract was that they were completed at the beginning of a budget year.
He said that Council had raised concerns about the length of recent contract
negotiations which resulted in workers out of contract for significant
amounts of time. During that time there was no opportunity for the City to
realize some of the concessions and cost savings at the start of a budget
year. Council had set guiding policies, one in particular was to align
                                                                           Page 5 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
