Council Member Holman did not understand why impacts identified by the
City's Peer Review Consultant were reversed when the FEIR was released.
She asked what had changed or what new information was presented.

Mr. Williams reported the City's Peer Review Consultant and the applicant's
consultant both felt two buildings were historic and one was not; the Peer
Review Consultant felt relocating the building was a significant, unavoidable
impact and the applicant's consultant disagreed. Staff had discussed whether
to consider relocation of the building a significant, unavoidable impact
requiring the Council to make a statement of overriding considerations or to
consider rehabilitation of the two existing buildings and the plaque as
adequate mitigation if the relocation was not considered of historic
significance.   Staff relied heavily on the HRB's review in making the
determination and the HRB concurred with the applicant's consultant's
analysis that relocation of the building was not a significant, unavoidable
impact and the measures being taken were adequate to mitigate it. Staff was
fully prepared to present the Council with overriding considerations and call it
a significant, unavoidable impact. He noted either way it was essentially the
same result. He did not feel Staff made a change in the last minute; rather
Staff had not made a decision until they made the recommendation to the PTC
in the Staff Report. Upon making the recommendations to the PTC, Staff’s
Counsel advised there needed to be an addendum in the FEIR to clarify their
points.

Council Member Holman respectfully disagreed with the HRB, because their
approach was to consider the individual buildings rather than the property as
a whole. She noted the Ordinance listed four public benefits while the Staff
Report listed five. She did not believe the sign was a public benefit, because
it was to be relocated and changed. She stated the houses were two story
and more densely sighted than the Eichler neighborhood.            She noted
comments that the property was not subject t the CC&Rs. She thought for
the Project and the City to promote good neighbors, the City should respect
the CC&Rs because they were the context. She inquired what potential rights
or other uses the City was giving up by abandoning the utility easements.

Ms. French explained the utilities were being relocated on the site, which
negated the need for that easement. She indicated new easements would be
created for the placement of new utility lines through the site.

Council Member Holman found the Conditions of Approval concerning the
trees to be very general.

Ms. French indicated on page 530, Condition No. 9 discussed the tree
preservation report, L5.1 of the Plan Set showed trees to remain, and TM4
showed existing trees that were not shown on Site Plan A1.0.


                                            33                     03/19/2012
