worry whether the unfunded liability was paid off, an open or rolling
amortization was sufficient.

Council Member Klein had concerns with Bartel Associates not recognizing
there may be an un-bubble as it were with the number of employees not
retiring opposed to the high number of retirees over the past few years.

Mr. Bartel expressed his understanding of the un-bubble was when the City
ended up with far fewer people eligible to retire.

Council Member Klein said if the information was acknowledged in the report
that was sufficient.

Mr. Bartel requested the Council review the presentation where the active
liability was shown from January 1, 2009 to January 1, 2011. The rate of
retirement did not impact the people who had already retired; it only
impacted the active liability where the un-bubble was partially reflected by
the number of active liability being lower because there were a lot of people
who retired in the short-run. His firms’ calculations reflected CalPERS
experience in terms of how people will retire.

Council Member Klein asked how the CalPERS experience was reflective of
the City of Palo Alto experience.

Mr. Bartel clarified Palo Alto’s non-safety employees had retired on average
at age 57, while the CalPERS rate of retirement being used for the current
active employees had future employees expected to retire slightly above age
58. Therefore his firm consistently believed the Experience Analysis CalPERS
had completed, which was specifically related to CalPERS Public Agencies
with their pension formulas.

Council Member Klein asked how the factors related since the non-safety
employees were now at a two percent at age 60.

Mr. Bartel said the Palo Alto non-safety employees did not have two percent
at age 60.

Council Member Klein clarified the incoming employees were brought in at
two percent at age 60.

Mr. Bartel said the two percent at age 60 only applied to employees hired
after a certain date. They would need to use the rate of retirement
associated with the formula that people had so the formula of a retirement
age of 58 would be closer to 60 or 61 with two percent at 60. He noted until
the employees were hired under the calculation, they were not taken into
consideration in the valuation.

                                     5                           01/30/2012
