said the use of utility user tax funds was not explicit, but thought there was
an implicit agreement regarding the purpose of those funds and how they
were applied. He indicated the funds were intended for community facilities
including fields, and to use them for a different purpose would be
problematic. He said the City would be squeezed in terms of public facilities
and playing fields because of issues with Cubberley and projected future
growth. He thought the Council would need many discussions regarding
funding. He felt the recommended sales tax increase was too large for a
local tax.

Council Member Price agreed with the recommendations for long-term
borrowing options and annual funding including the business license tax.
She asked if the Council and Staff felt the Report had exhausted all options
that local governments have used. She also asked if there were other
funding sources that had not been identified, such as public-private
partnerships.

Mr. Keene felt there were opportunities for variations on a theme or different
ways of cobbling pieces together.        He thought the IBRC focused its
recommendations in a strategic way to attack problems as they were
defined. He stated there may be mixed alternatives that weren't in the
Report but could be discussed. He agreed with Council Member Burt's
comment that raising funds was difficult.

Mayor Yeh asked to what extent and how confident Staff was in the level of
revenues received through the gas tax. He stated the City could bond
against the gas tax if it was a dependable and consistent stream of revenue.
He inquired what the baseline level of the gas tax was. He indicated if the
gas tax provided a steady stream of revenue it could function as a revenue
bond. He inquired if gas tax revenues could be used for streets and
sidewalks and, if so, it would be a good means to finance street and sidewalk
improvements.

Mr. Keene stated there were many parameters for revenue bonds and the
risk factor had a bearing on interest rates. He said that the City would
basically be using an existing rate, and that could allow the City to front load
investments in infrastructure. He thought the City could actually save
money in the long run, if it were bonding in order to do more in the near
term.

Mayor Yeh reported Assembly Member Gordon's impression that a bill for a
55 percent threshold for infrastructure was unlikely in this Legislative
session. He noted the IBRC had proposed funding for the Public Safety
Building and two fire stations, and requested Staff's thoughts on including
those projects in bond financing options.



                                      22                           01/17/2012
