Staff recommended deferring this portion of the project until the Impact Fee
account was replenished and a final design and environmental assessment
could be funded and completed to the satisfaction of Stanford University.
The Planning and Community Environment Department would perform an
addendum to the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) once the project
moved to that stage. The Park Development Impact Fee balance was
approximately $2.8 million. Staff's recommendations would reduce that
balance to $537,449. If the Council chose to include the dog exercise area,
the total cost for the project would increase to approximately $2.5 million,
and the Impact Fee balance would decrease to $309,000. The PARC's
recommendation would cost approximately $1.899 million, and leave an
Impact Fee balance of approximately $913,000.

Paul Snyder, Seigfried Engineering, Inc. reported improvements included a
synthetic soccer field that would double as a lacrosse field, a passive park
area with connectivity, an expanded parking lot, additional trees,
reconstruction of a natural turf field, and a second passive park area. He
had conferred with Staff regarding the 27 University Avenue project in
relation to environmental documentation, limitation of the easement, park
improvement ordinances, the utility corridor, and future projects in the area.
He reviewed photos of the project. He and Staff had discussed the historical
significance and integration of the Olympic grove. The design of the project
had been optimized to maximize use of the entire park. Connectivity of the
park had been enhanced and considered future possibilities. Architectural
elements of the pump station would be included in the restroom facility and
scorekeeper's booth.

Mr. Betts indicated two locations were favored for relocation of the
MacArthur Park Restaurant building. The first location, proposed by the City
of Menlo Park and the Veterans' Administration, was the former Camp
Fremont in Menlo Park along Willow Road at the Veterans' Administration.
The second location was the Golf Course, where it would be used an
alternative to the current clubhouse. Staff had considered three possible
locations of the building within the park: 1) the dog park at the north end of
the park; 2) the head of the parking lot close to the railroad track; and, 3)
the undeveloped property at the south end of the park. Relocation to the
dog park would require the removal of a number of eucalyptus trees.
Relocation to the parking lot would reduce the size of the parking lot and
eliminate a number of trees in the vicinity.

Herb Borock noted 27 University Avenue and 400 Mitchell Lane were not on
the Agenda, and felt it was inappropriate to discuss them. The current
Agenda Item included an action that was subject to the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). Tonight's meeting should have been
properly noticed for approval of the environmental review, and it was
inappropriate to take action for the same reasons it was inappropriate to act

                                     33                           04/23/2012
