                          DRAFT MINUTES
Mayor Yeh indicated Staff had prepared a script regarding a public hearing
on the levy of an assessment on businesses in the Palo Alto Downtown BID
for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013. In February 2004, the City established the Palo
Alto Downtown BID. The City Council must hold a public hearing annually to
authorize the levy of an assessment in the next fiscal year. On April 23,
2012, the Council set this time and day as the time and date of the public
hearing on the proposed levy of an assessment for FY 2013. The Council
appointed the Board of Directors of the Palo Alto Downtown Business and
Professional Association as the advisory board for the BID. The Advisory
Board had prepared its Annual Report for FY 2013 and submitted it to the
Council. The City published the required notice in a local newspaper of
record regarding re-authorization of the BID for 2013 as required by bid law.
All interested persons would have an opportunity to provide testimony. At
the conclusion of the public hearing, the Council would determine whether a
majority protest existed. A majority protest would exist if the owners of
businesses that would pay 50 percent or more of the proposed levy of an
assessment had filed and not withdrawn a written protest.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager requested approval
of Staff's recommendations to hold the public hearing, absent a majority
protest to re-authorize the BID for FY 2013, and to accept the Annual
Report. The BID was managed by the Palo Alto Downtown Professional and
Business Association. There had been a number of improvements, as
outlined in the Report. The Association had helped with and expanded
events such as the tree lighting, Earth Day, May Fete, World Music Day, and
the Giant's Trophy. He was pleased to announce the implementation of the
enhanced cleaning schedule for Downtown.

Council Member Burt stated BID's improvements and maintenance had
contributed to Downtown. He asked if the activities noted in Section 7 were
the only activities for which BID could use its funds.

Molly Stump, City Attorney reported Section 7 characterized and described
the types of improvements and activities that were appropriate for
expenditures. The description, while general, was a limitation on the work
and activity of the BID. With respect to activities, it included promotion of
public events, furnishing of music, and general activities to benefit
businesses located in the District. It did not include political advocacy or
lobbying.

Council Member Burt inquired if Downtown businesses could advocate on
policy matters through themselves as individuals or through organizations
such as the Chamber of Commerce.

                                                                        Page 10 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
