                               MINUTES
community outreach, d) a draft revised Letter of Intent with TheatreWorks
to collaborate on a Theater Arts Performance Center at 27 University, and e)
height limit consideration with the Planning and Transportation Commission
and the Architectural Review Board. In addition, direct the City Attorney to
develop options for an Advisory Ballot Measure to bring back at an
appropriate time to ask voters whether (1) the City Council should initiate a
change in the Comprehensive Plan and Zoning Code to facilitate the Project,
and (2) the City Council should exchange the unused “panhandle” portion of
El Camino Park for a more usable portion of adjacent land to facilitate better
site planning for the project.

Council Member Espinosa asked Mr. Williams if the return date was feasible
for a discussion with the P&TC and ARB.

Mr. Williams felt it was possible. He inquired if the Board and Commission
review should be more general than the current project.

Council Member Espinosa answered yes.

Mr. Williams would communicate the information to the P&TC and ARB.

Council Member Espinosa stated the project provided incredible opportunities
as well as some serious issues. Receiving responses to Council questions
and comments would allow the Council to draft language for an Advisory
Ballot Measure and determine if it wanted to move forward.

Council Member Price noted the site was challenging and complex. The
developer had considered massing and location. This was an example of
public-private partnerships succeeding. The idea of linking Downtown and
Stanford University was important. The project was a creative solution to a
site with many challenges.

Council Member Espinosa clarified the Motion was to return with a draft of
the TheatreWorks Letter of Intent. The goal was to provide answers and
draft ballot language by the November 2012 Council Meeting.

Ms. Stump suggested the Council not execute the draft Letter of Intent
included in the Council Packet. Staff would return with amendments to the
Letter of Intent. She did not believe Staff could prepare and review an
actual agreement. Rather than executing and then revising the Letter of
Intent, the Council should not execute the Letter of Intent at the current
time. She suggested the Motion language be "return no later than the
second meeting in November" to provide flexibility for Staff to return to the
Council sooner.
                                                                        Page 21 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/24/12
