City Auditor, Jim Pelletier said he was pleased to assume his new position
with the City and congratulated the Mayor and Vice Mayor on their new
assignment.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the IBRC Study Session Item on January
17 was an Action or merely a presentation and delivery of the item.

Council Member Keene stated that the Study Session would be an intensive
discussion and education for the public on IBRC Report and findings and
eventually Action would be taken.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jerry Hearn, spoke regarding the Sea Scout building renovation project
giving updates on the progress after securing funds and delays in
construction. The costs had escalated to over $3 million but funds were
raised through the generosity of donors. The vision for the new Eco Center
was a resource for the community and a place for education. The Center
was located next to a marsh and visitors would be able to view the wildlife
through its open doors. Some of the Center’s highlights were life in the
marsh, native plants, and other elements of natural history, Green Building
tours, learning stations, exhibits entitled “Earth, Sea, Sky and Human”, and
a glass see-thru hole in the floor where tide flow may be seen.

Joe Webb, spoke regarding the Palo Alto Players and voiced several
complaints. He mentioned his attendance at the Human Resources
Committee meeting at the December 8th and voiced his displeasure about
the Chair, Claude Ezron, Mrs. Savage, and another member who walked out
on him. He repeatedly made reference to The Brown Act and its protection
from willful disruption and encouraged the Mayor to do something about the
Palo Alto Players.

Omar Chatty, spoke regarding the number of Caltrain’s train-related deaths
and supported bringing Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) to the area. There
had been 177 deaths since 1995. Palo Alto had become too urbanized for
this train system and to start plans to replace Caltrain stations with the
BART up the peninsula.

Elizabeth Newfield, spoke regarding the community gardens and the
proposed roadway between the Library and the Art Center. She said the
main community garden was a tremendous asset to Palo Alto and cited the
dedication of the gardeners and a long waiting list of gardeners wanting to
get a plot in the garden. She urged the Council to consider another
alternative to planning a road through the garden and vote no on the current
proposal.

                                     2                          01/09/2012
