    Mayor Yeh clarified that the language of the Amendment was correct from
    Vice Mayor Scharff's perspective, but he would change the last line to
    "regarding an economic analysis on the East of San Antonio subarea."

    Council Member Klein agreed in general with Council Member Burt's
    comments. He wanted to make sure Staff didn't spend a lot on this. He
    asked if there was a cap or proposal that Staff regard this as a limited
    assignment.

    Vice Mayor Scharff thought the Amendment needed to be changed slightly.
    He indicated it should read "to have Staff evaluate and if necessary return
    to Council.” He stated the Council was leaving it up to Staff's discretion to
    determine what they had to do, and they knew they didn't have to return to
    Council if they didn't want to.      He thought Staff could make that
    determination not to spend more time.

    Council Member Klein felt the Council should tell them. He would like to
    hear Staff state they regarded this as a limited assignment and would not
    be spending hundreds of hours of work on this.

    Mr. Williams stated Staff would not be spending hundreds of hours working
    on that aspect of it. He anticipated Staff would try to meet with realty and
    development people in the community and then determine an estimate,
    probably 40 to 80 hours of Staff time over the next six months.

    Council Member Klein supported the proposed Amendment with that
    understanding.

    Council Member Schmid asked the maker of the Amendment if he wanted to
    have an economic analysis. He stated an economic analysis could review
    generating jobs, generating revenue, generating tax revenue, increasing
    property values. He asked what was the focus or goal of the economic
    analysis.

    Vice Mayor Scharff explained the economic analysis was simply that land
    out there was worth between $90 and $120 a foot and what kind of
    incentive was needed to increase the worth so that people would consolidate
    and build something else to have the desired transformation. He said it was
    a fairly simple economic analysis.

    Council Member Schmid asked if he was looking at how to maximize the
    land value of these properties.

    Vice Mayor Scharff stated the intent was not to maximize the land value,
    but to create the incentives, which was changing the land value from the
                                   32                  February 13, 2012 
 
