      Amount of Not to Exceed $6,000 to Secure Additional Input from the
      Direct Reports to the Four CAO’s Performance Reviews.

Council Member Price said that earlier in the evening they had an item on
consent which was related to the annual review cycle for Council Appointed
Officers (CAO) and the item before the Council that evening was a result of
the CAO meeting on February 28, 2012. There were concerns raised that it
was important to explore the possibility and value of considering additional
direct input from the direct reports, essentially a modified 360 degree element
to the CAO performance reviews. She explained Attachment A was the
proposal from Sherry Lund of Sherry Lund Associates, which described in
detail what the direct input model would be. She said that they asked Ms.
Lund also to explore the pros and cons of two options, one being the direct
input from the direct reports and the other was a broader more extensive
organizational employee survey. Based on Ms. Lund’s examination of those
options, Ms. Lund brought forward the possibility of modifying the City’s
performance review cycle to include input from the direct reports to the four
CAO officers. That was what the Council had before it that evening. The vote
of the CAO committee was three in favor of a modified 360 and one opposed.
The general comments in favor were that having additional input had value
onto itself and it gave the Council additional information that it could use in its
evaluations. Concerns raised against this additional effort in terms of the
evaluation cycle was the potential for additional services at this amount of
money may not be a sufficient value added and would not provide enough
related information to improve the quality of the evaluation cycle. She said
that the proposal for Council’s consideration was to approve a contract for the
amount not to exceed $6,000 to secure additional input from direct reports to
the four CAO performance reviews.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to: 1) conduct a modified 360 evaluation for the CAO’s, 2) that the direct
input model be added to the original performance evaluation cycle for an
amount not to exceed $6,000

Council Member Holman said that the one piece that was missing was getting
input from the Staff of the CAO’s and that was something Council could use as
part of the CAO evaluations. On page one of the attachment Ms. Lund
proposed soliciting feedback from the City Managers, City Attorneys, and City
Auditors direct reports and all four of the City Clerk’s Staff members. She
said that she had understood that because the City Attorney and City Auditors
offices were also so small that it would be their entire staffs as well. She
asked Ms. Lund to speak to that.

Sherry Lund said that it would be the entire Staff for the City Auditor, City
Attorney and City Clerk because they are so small. She said it was only with
                                    52                     March 12, 2012
