                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh felt the City Attorney's explanation of voting requirements was
helpful. To ensure Staff had sufficient time to gather information for a full
discussion, the current discussion should be a ministerial process.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to change number two to read “to direct Staff to return at
the time of consideration of further extension of the ordinance with options
for Council to consider related to potential exceptions for properties at 135
Hamilton Avenue and 636 Waverley Street.”

Mayor Yeh felt the proposed language was consistent with Mr. Williams'
comments.

Mr. Williams stated Staff could outline options when they presented
exceptions.

Mr. Keene believed a discussion of exceptions should include options,
because the moratorium could be acted on before the exceptions.

Ms. Stump reported if the Council had both an urgency Ordinance and a
non-urgency Ordinance on the same topic, the non-urgency Ordinance
needed to follow all of the regular procedures in terms of timing, notice, and
public hearing.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the language reflected Staff's
original intentions.

Mr. Williams answered yes.     The language was more explicit for Staff to
outline options.

Council Member Holman suggested "proposed language" was redundant.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove "proposed language" from Staff
Recommendation Number 2: Direct Staff to return prior to further extension
of the Ordinance with proposed language related to potential exceptions for
properties at 135 Hamilton Avenue and 636 Waverley Street.

Council Member Holman requested Staff, in the name of equity and fairness,
hold at least one meeting with others in the area that would be impacted by
exceptions.

MOTION PASSED AS AMENDED: 8-0 Scharff absent

                                                                         Page 9 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/19/12
