through the mission, goals, and work plans. He was in favor of having
Infrastructure as a Priority because it captured all of the main City issues.

Council Member Burt said he wanted to fold into the Amendment to the
Amendment to forward the discussion to P&S to define the definition of
Priorities. He said to accept Council Member Klein’s definition of a Priority
and to settle on two Priorities would be doing two things at once. More
discussion needed to take place at P&S and returned to the Council for
approval. He was not in favor of dropping the other Priorities. He supported
the original Motion.

Council Member Klein stated the definition he provided was personal and not
part of Motion.

Council Member Burt said that was understood. The two Priorities that
Council Member Klein proposed and those he proposed to drop were in line
with his definition. His definition would be accepted at this time for practical
purposes.

Mayor Yeh said Infrastructure cut across the existing Priorities and
highlighted what Infrastructure meant. He supported the original Motion.

Council Member Price said Infrastructure transcended the other Priorities
that were identified. Priorities defined work plans and could be systematic of
where Staff should devote their time. She supported sending the matter to
P&S but raised concern of getting trapped into an analysis syndrome to
define and redefine. She said Infrastructure was not a separate item but
was a means to address across all Priorities previously established.

Mayor Yeh said the Amendment to the Amendment would be to replace the
Five Priorities with two for 2012: 1) Infrastructure, and 2) Cubberley Center

AMENDMENT TO AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7 Klein, Scharff yes

Mayor Yeh said the original Amendment to the Motion was to 1) add
Infrastructure and delete Land Use & Transportation Planning from the
current Council Priorities and 2) to refer to Policy & Services discussion to
define Priority.

Council Member Burt said Infrastructure was not an overriding overlay. It
was not a value but a work plan around a topic. The cross-matrix document
acknowledged and recognized one Priority to another and how one goal
served several other goals.
                                    6                    January 21, 2012 
 
