                                MINUTES
growing age group in the United States was those 85 years old and older.
Retirement and pension liability carried over for a greater number of years
than it had in prior generations. Cost savings achieved from pension reform
accrued slowly because current employees kept their current pension plans.
Pension reform only applied to new employees, which is the reason for the
slow accrual. The PEPRA law created inequality between new and current
employees in that there was a new pension tier and lesser benefits. That
was a problem for the work culture of the City. With respect to employment
demographics, Generation Y, workers age 33 and younger, valued a career
path and a work/life balance. They were also civic minded and interested in
giving back to their community. She explained that different generations of
employees required different benefits and employees valued choice and
flexibility. Palo Alto was an innovative city so employees expected the latest
technology and best systems, which was not always the case. The City
needed to increase its effectiveness through technology. She explained that
changes to non-economic benefits such as rewards and recognition could
provide value to the City employees. Alternate and non-financial work
arrangements such as flexible hours, the 9/80 schedule, remote access, job
sharing had value for employees and should be further explored. Palo Alto
was proactive in that all employee groups were already on a two tiered
pension system, employees paid the full employee share of their CalPERS
expense, the highest cost healthcare plan was eliminated, employees and
future retirees paid some of the healthcare benefit cost, there were pay
freezes and cuts, variable pay was eliminated, and they eliminated the
spiking caused by the final year reversal. Benefit costs were still increasing.
In 2002 the percent of benefits to salary was about 23 percent. Currently it
was 63 percent and growing. In 2022, Mr. Perez projected it would be about
equal. As indicated by Mr. Keene, CalPERS restricted the City’s options. The
City could not influence CalPERS rate of investment return. CalPERS rules
were all or nothing and the cost of leaving CalPERS was prohibitive.
CalPERS healthcare system offered limited options and did not contain a high
deductible option. CalPERS did not provide patient experience and the City
could not understand what healthcare was accessed by its employees.
There were no wellness program incentives. The marketplace alternatives to
CalPERS were expensive. She showed a chart containing the City’s active
and retired employees but noted it did not include employees that worked
for the City and were vested but were currently working elsewhere. When
those employees retired they would pull from the CalPERS retirement
system. Overall there were more retirees than active members.

Mr. Keene said the City’s retiree base was significantly larger than its active
employees. He explained that the larger the gap between what CalPERS had
and what it needed to provide for the retirees was made up by billing the
cities, which meant that the City’s cost would fall on the active employees.
                                                                          Page 6 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/15/12
