on the California Avenue project. The softball field which doubled as a
soccer field was being moved from one place to another. He did not believe
Park Impact Fees could be used for that purpose. The major cost was the
synthetic field, which lasted approximately eight years; therefore, the
Council was not receiving anything for an extension of the lease. All that
meant was an additional period of time when that playing field would
compete with money for other park uses. It was a mistake to spend so
much money on this one park, especially since it was mainly for adult teams
comprised of residents from other cities. In terms of protecting this area for
park use, the main protection was the park dedication. If a limit was linked
to the lease and the lease was being extended, then the park dedication
should be extended the same number of years. The area next to the
synthetic soccer field could be used for a dog park, but one of the
Commissioners argued that area should be reserved for people affiliated with
the organized teams playing sports.

Council Member Espinosa shared the concern about discussing the 27
University Avenue project, because it was not agendized and the Council had
not seen any details on that project.        He expressed concerns about
approving a multi-million dollar park design when there was the potential for
a significant alteration.

Mr. Betts stated Staff's purpose in mentioning the University Avenue project
was to let the Council know Staff was being mindful of the integration of the
two projects. Connectivity through this entire area had been an important
concern of the Council and Commission. The area of mature redwood trees
was a constraint of the park. On the other side was the pump house for the
reservoir. The City had a separate long-term easement from Stanford
University for the position of that pump house, but the pump house could
not be changed. The soccer/lacrosse field would keep the area as multi-use
as possible. That was one of the reasons for the removable fence. If a
building was located at the current transit center, it would allow for flow into
the park. Staff was not trying to create barriers between the two adjoining
uses.

Council Member Espinosa was concerned about the possibility of a major
building being located anywhere in the park, because it could require a
major redesign. The current design called for a significant amount of
money.

Council Member Price asked whether the safety fence was the same as
portable fencing or a separate portion of the site plan.

Mr. Anderson stated the safety fence was designed to be placed by the north
field to prevent balls from going into the parking lot.


                                      34                           04/23/2012
