Mr. Keene wanted to make sure there was not any conflict with the existing
request to continue it to a date certain.

Council Member Burt indicated there would be. He reported this would
supersede that and it would not be a date certain; it would be a date to be
determined and that date would be determined after the applicant had
supplied a letter assuring the City they had all materials they needed and
they would not have a subsequent request for continuance.

Council Member Schmid reiterated continuances did take Staff and Council
time, it bumped other things off the calendar, and it had happened three
times. He thought it was a reasonable request.

Council Member Holman noted there were costs associated with notice for
Items. She inquired if that was recovered from the applicant.

Mr. Williams replied it was. He reported it was several hundred dollars each
time Staff had to do it, as far as the notice in the paper and Staff time
associated with putting that together. He indicated the applicant had been
paying their bills. He stated Staff time spent on the project was billed to the
applicant as well as the notice in the paper.

Council Member Price didn't think she'd ever been at a public hearing where
that kind of restriction or requirement had been placed on an applicant. She
asked Staff what had been their experience, if the Council had done this in
the past.

Mr. Williams was not aware of a specific incidence where the Council had
required something in writing. He said other cities he had worked for had
been very explicit as far as not putting someone on an agenda after some
continuances, until they were ready to proceed. He did not recall ever
having a letter saying that, but did recall verbally telling an applicant the
Council or Planning Commission didn't want them scheduled until they were
ready to proceed, and there had to be a good reason for them not to
proceed.

Council Member Price had experience with the verbal discussion. She just
wanted to hear from Staff if that particular tactic had been utilized.

Council Member Espinosa thought this was an unusual circumstance as
pointed out by Council Member Price, but the Council had been put in an
unusual circumstance by this applicant with these repeated delays. He
thought ignoring it set a bad precedent, and Staff needed to be clear that
the time necessitated to do this preliminary work by Staff and the Council
should be respected.


                                      16                            3/05/2011
