                               MINUTES
permanent project. For example he could see someone who had a driveway
and a garage taking advantage of the permit if it was free, but if they had to
pay for it they would not. He was not persuaded by the free first vehicle at
all. He had not heard any mention of the experience of other communities
and he knew there were many residential permit programs around the
country. He asked if Staff looked at and learned from any of those
programs.

Mr. Rodriguez thought that the specific elements they recommended within
the program took advantage of the lessons learned from other communities.
That was one of the reasons they did the first two elements of the program.
They wanted to define a buffer zone to allow the transition from land use
that generated parking to a residential community. The buffer transition
was their method of ensuring that they were following a best practice
determined by other communities as well as making sure they were
protecting arterial streets which served multiple uses. One of the other
major successful elements of a RPP program within many communities was
that they pulled funds together to help reduce the long term cost of permits
for the whole city. Those were the limits or restrictions. The rest were
things that they needed to consider and discuss such as single family homes
versus multiuse homes. Those were things that they needed to look at
when they worked with the community. The attachment that was in the
Staff report that talked about the framework really was geared toward trying
to define the process that the community needed to follow but was limited to
a couple of factors to help define the pattern of a RPP.

Council Member Klein thought it was useful to see programs from several
other cities that seemed as similar as possible to the Professorville area.

Mr. Williams said he did not think they needed to look at if any other cities
had done that kind of residential and nonresidential permit combinations.
He said it was pretty standard to focus on the residential and then have two
hour parking for everyone else. They started with a discussion of that in the
group and that was a major impact on the employers so they backed off.

Mr. Keene said that Staff would conduct more research. He said that he was
previously the City Manager of Berkeley and had lived in Rockridge for quite
some time and he did not recall any neighborhood moving to secede from
RPP because it was a problem. In general people felt RPP’s were essential to
living in their neighborhood. He thought Berkeley brought in about $7
million in metered parking revenue and probably about $7 million in parking
fines at the same time. So it was a fairly comprehensive program.


                                                                        Page 27 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
