MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to
continue Agenda Item No. 7 to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

8.   Retirement Medical Actuarial Report Discussion.

Director of Administrative Services, Lalo Perez announced the item was
previously brought before Council on November 28, 2011 where they
determined it should be returned with the Actuarial Consultant available to
answer questions. Although the Council had accepted the Staff
recommendation during the previous meeting, Staff informed them they
were in a position to make changes to the assumptions as they felt
necessary during the presentation by the Consultant.

President, Bartel Associates, LLC, John Bartel gave a presentation to explain
the process of how the actuarial assumptions came to be. Initially there
were two valuations prepared, January 2009 and 2011 which determined the
end of Fiscal Year 2012 Annual Required Contribution (ARC) was not a
requirement. The key number to pay attention to was the Actuarial Accrued
Liability (AAL); which was the value of benefits due to service that had
already been rendered. If the assumptions were met, the amount presented
should be considered as the amount of assets that should be set aside. The
Actuarial Accrued Liability for active employees dropped modestly from
$51.3 million to $50.2 million while there was a large increase for those who
were no longer rendering service went from $78.4 million to $119 million;
therefore, the total liability went from $130 million to $169 million. The
presentation was broken out into assumption changes, plan changes, and
gains and losses. He explained the Actuarial Load item was the review of the
increase to the CalPERS premiums; that had not been keeping pace from
one year to the next with their claims. CalPERS had been pulling funds from
their reserves to mitigate their premium increases. It was discovered that
people were opting into more expensive Medical Plans at retirement, which
increased the assumption numbers by $2.6 million. The two items that
decreased the liability were the cost sharing and the International
Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF). The Un-funded Actuarial Accrued Liability
(UAAL) of $134 million represented the distance the City was from its AAL.
The UAAL was rolled over on June 30, 2011 to be added to the Fiscal Years
2011 and 2012 ARC in the amount of $8,597,000 to equal a 28-year
amortization of the original number which was for a 30-year amortization.
He noted if the City was pre-funding an obligation there should be a period
where that amount was being paid off over. He mentioned if the City was to
continue the pattern of an open or rolling amortization in the current Fiscal
Year, the ARC would be lower and there would be a cash flow but 30-years
from now the Un-funded Liability would not be paid off and in fact the Un-
funded Liability would be higher than today.

                                      3                          01/30/2012
