Council Member Burt stated there was going to be Five Priorities and
Infrastructure was an unstated Priority.     His interpretation was that
Infrastructure was an over-the-top Priority that the word would not be
mentioned. He said that did not make sense and was wrong.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to have Policy & Services Committee establish a
process for how priorities and goals are established.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to replace Youth Wellbeing with Healthy Community as a
Priority.

Council Member Schmid said other Priorities had been flushed out by
examples and goals and that the current Amendment was putting Youth
Wellbeing in a larger context of a Healthy Community as a whole.

Council Member Shepherd said she was interested in the other Priority but
had not invested time in analyzing what the change would bring. She said
she was very familiar with Youth Wellbeing and Emergency Preparedness.
City Finances was in the Charter and could not move forward without a
balanced budget. Environmental Sustainability had hosts of things and could
possibly encompass a Healthy Community. She said P&S needed to provide
a clear definition of goals, what a Priority was, and had the ability to replace
that Priority with Infrastructure.

Council Member Klein said he was opposed to changing Priorities on a fly and
felt it would be inappropriate to act on a change without further research on
the language and other impacts it could create.

Council Member Holman stated Priorities were made on the fly every year
except for last year when they were rolled over. She addressed Council
Member Shepherd’s comments and asked how P&S had the ability to replace
a Priority when the original Motion was to rollover the existing five Priorities.

Mayor Yeh said the City’s structure was that Elections were done in
November. New Council Members coming in January would want to have
input on Priorities and goals. Priorities were discussed during Council
Retreats and goals were shaped through P&S during the year. It would be
ideal to plan all goals in the preceding year but with the current structure
that would not be feasible. He felt there were ways to incorporate Healthy
City within the existing priorities.


                                    8                     January 21, 2012 
 
