Mr. Williams assumed it would be some kind of studio or teaching use. He
stated the current tenant did not need more space than that, and was not
overtaxing those 16 parking spaces.

Council Member Holman shared concerns about ingress and egress from the
site. She noted Charleston Shopping Center had four ingress and egress
points and the Safeway in Midtown had three. She asked Staff for its
thoughts on reducing the Projects ingress/egress points to two rather than
four.

Mr. Williams indicated more driveways meant more potential conflict locations.
He reported Staff felt two driveways spaced apart to prevent conflict was an
adequate solution.

Council Member Holman reported entering and exiting the shopping center
was easier from the rear, because you did not have to contend with the traffic
from Embarcadero and St. Francis. She was not convinced this was better.
She wondered about the visual impact of lifts to create more parking. She
noted comments and a petition concerning the lack of a sidewalk on Bayshore.
She asked the likelihood of obtaining funding for a sidewalk, if the Council did
not require it as part of the Project. She stated it was an existing Condition
and could be a public benefit as well, because people would want to visit an
invigorated shopping center. She asked why would not the Council look for a
public benefit rather than creating a PC, which would need public funding.

Mr. Williams stated he would defer the question of process, then discuss
public benefit.

Mr. Rodriguez reported if there was not a public benefit from the applicant for
sidewalk improvement along West Bayshore, Staff could include it
immediately in the five-year CIP. He explained a CIP would allow Staff to
apply for grant funding for design and construction and would make it more
attractive to funding. He stated the project could be funded in the worst-case
scenario in seven years without a public benefit. He explained the project
would be funded in the fifth year and, allowing time for design and
construction, it would be completed in approximately seven years.

Mr. Williams indicated that the determination of a public benefit was the
Council's decision. He noted there was much discussion the prior week
concerning the public benefit gap, and noted this Project was very close to
complying with the Neighborhood Commercial (CN) standards. He hoped that
public benefit relating to a departure from the existing Ordinance would come
into play in the current discussion.



                                            32                     03/19/2012
