    Action Items

    11. PUBLIC HEARING: Review of the Revised Draft East Meadow Circle/
        Fabian Way Area Concept Plan for Inclusion in the Draft Comprehensive
        Plan Update.

    Mayor Yeh explained the order of the public hearing would be: Staff
    presentation, comments from Planning and Transportation Commissioner
    Garber, Council questions, public speakers, and finally additional questions,
    comments or Motions by the City Council.

    Planning Director Curtis Williams explained Staff was present to discuss the
    East Meadow Circle/Fabian Way Area Concept Plan, which was a portion of
    the City's Comprehensive Plan currently under development. He stated he
    would discuss the background and overview of the plan, some of the
    concepts and strategies outlined for each subarea, and then the next steps.
    He reported this Plan was developed because the Council, at the outset of
    the Comprehensive Plan, directed Staff to review this area given the
    changes over the last decade that had transformed certain areas from
    Industrial and R&D types of uses to Housing uses. He said these Housing
    uses were not generally supported by some of the Infrastructure and Parks
    and other amenities that would normally go along with housing. He stated
    Council's direction concerning this area in particular and some other areas
    of the City was to review whether it was appropriate to have additional
    Housing or whether it was more appropriate to retain some of the
    Commercial and Industrial uses. Staff believed this had been the Council's
    direction for the last five or six years, and Staff made several zoning
    changes around town to reflect that. He said Staff had divided this area into
    three primary subareas. He indicated the first subarea was the East
    Meadow/Fabian Way area with the Jewish Community Center and East
    Meadow Circle. He stated the East of San Antonio subarea tended to feel
    more like south of San Antonio when driving down Middlefield or Highway
    101, but it was actually east of San Antonio, and contained many small
    industrial parcels and older development.        The third subarea was a
    disjointed group of parcels between San Antonio and Fabian Way, and was
    smaller parcels with mostly Industrial, Light Industrial and Research and
    Development uses. He reported the fourth area was not a subarea, but was
    the pedestrian bicycle network that had been recommended as part of this
    Program. He stated the main themes which had come from this effort,
    which had been jointly developed through a series of community workshops
    and through a series of Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
    hearings and revisions, was revitalization and upgrading of the East Meadow
    Circle area for business purposes; essentially the opportunity to transform
    the East of San Antonio subarea from the current small Industrial uses to
    potentially revenue-generating uses; thirdly, the Charleston Road subarea,
                                    4                  February 13, 2012 
 
