                      DRAFT MINUTES
suggestions. He thought the “working with” worked very well
with what the Applicant had stated.

Council Member Price said that what she sought from Staff was a
mechanism that ensured the intent of the language. She said the
question was if there was another mechanism that would result in
the same outcome.

Mayor Yeh said he understood Council Member Price’s question
that regardless of how it was handled procedurally that it still
remained a necessary clarification.

Mr. Williams said that he did not see a better way to do it unless
Council required the Applicant to set forth a staggered schedule
to avoid any potential backup.

Council Member Klein was concerned about the language for
several reasons. First, he thought that the Council should stay
within its rules and he knew that the City Attorney was looking at
the issue so he was awaiting her legal opinion. He saw a
difference between a conditional use permit and a site and design
review. Second, he felt that good neighbors went both ways. He
was concerned that if Council used the initially proposed language
it would perhaps give the adjacent property owners a weapon to
use against the Applicant. Council might end up rehearing the
matter when a neighbor said that there was a traffic backup. He
asked what a traffic backup was and how often it had to occur to
be a problem. He thought the Applicant deserved finality because
it was just a site and design. He said that it was not just if the
Applicant would be a good neighbor; it was if the neighbors would
be good neighbors. He felt it was not just a trivial language
question, but a question of how the City would proceed and what
was really meant by site and design control.

Council Member Espinosa had similar concerns. He understood
where Council Member Holman was going with the language, but
was not sure if the City had the ability to enforce it. The word he
                                                                   Page 33 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
