                                MINUTES
development.    Parking needed to be located where the development
occurred and not five blocks away.

Robert Moss urged the Council to adopt the urgency Ordinance
recommended by Staff without any exceptions. He said when Staff returned
to Council in 45 days the conditions for exemptions could be discussed at
that time.    He said people in Downtown North and Professorville had
complained of spillover parking for many years. Most garages in downtown
had been built in the last 15 years as a result of the parking impacts. If the
proposal at 27 University Avenue was built, he thought it created a huge
parking overflow.      He recommended the Council adopt the urgency
Ordinance and consider the exemptions carefully.

Council Member Schmid left the meeting at 10:21 P.M.

John R. Shenk, Thoits Family Board of Directors, stated that he wanted to
make sure there was clarity around if this moratorium were to go forward
that projects or properties that have paid into the assessment district are
not somehow harmed. He believed 135 Hamilton Avenue and 636 Waverley
Street should be looked at with a deferential eye and given an exemption.

Mr. Williams said the ordinance change did not affect any other provisions of
the parking and downtown regulations. Projects that had paid into the
assessment district were allowed to build to their assessments or rebuild to
the level they existed at currently.

Council Member Klein said his questions were related to whether 135
Hamilton Avenue and 636 Waverley Street were subject to any amount of
assessment. He heard different things from the Applicants than what was
stated in the report. Page four of the report indicated that people who paid
into the assessment district were able to obtain the benefit of the 1:1
exclusion, but there was a sentence which read, “there’s also some
ambiguity to whether applicants who have never paid into the assessment
district can qualify for the exemption by paying into the district retroactively
and if so how to calculate the payment.” He asked if there was no
moratorium and the projects moved forward under the exemption if they
would have been required to make any payment. If so, he wanted to know
how the payment was to have been calculated.

Mr. Williams said the concept of buying into the assessment district was
confusing. The projects would have had to do so and that was a condition of
the approval at 135 Hamilton Avenue in 2009. No method had been
determined at that time, but Staff suggested one way to do it. He did not
know if Staff spoke to Mr. Kleiman about it, but they had talked to Mr.
                                                                          Page 23 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/15/12
