He repeated this was strictly a relocation process. He stated part of the
process was to have a public meeting to ensure increased opportunities for
members of the community and local officials to convey their views
concerning the contemplated project, and to have those views considered
prior to any final decision. He explained the financial climate of the Postal
Service had led them to doing these types of projects throughout the
country. He noted there were several occurring on the Peninsula currently;
the Palo Alto Hamilton Station, Sausalito, Half Moon Bay and a few other
similar projects where they were considering selling large buildings and
moving into a smaller footprint. He said the biggest problem was the
decline of first-class mail volume. He reported in 2006 they had their best
year ever as far as mail processing and mail volume, 213 billion pieces of
mail; whereas, that count was down to about 168 billion pieces in 2011.
He reported first-class mail was simply going away, and first-class mail was
their biggest contributor to revenue. The Postal Service received no tax
dollars; it was funded by the sale of stamps, other products and services.
He said they had to cover their expenses, and so far they were having
financial difficulties because of the decline of first-class mail. He reported
over the last five years, they had had a decline of about 25 percent of first-
class mail volume, and the Postal Service ended Fiscal Year September 30,
2011 with a net loss of $5.1 billion. In 2006 the Postal Enhancement and
Accountability Act required the Postal Service to pay into the future retiree
healthcare benefits approximately $5.5 billion a year. He explained that
was why they were looking at not only changing the way they were doing
business, but also looking at properties with high value and possibly
relocating Postal Services and Operations to return money to the coffers.
He noted traditional retail was declining; over the past six years, retail
revenue had declined by over $2 billion and customer visits to Post Office
lobbies had dropped by more than 200 million. He indicated 35 percent of
all revenue was generated outside of postal facilities, such as ATMs and
usps.com and contract postal units or village post offices. He stated they
were changing the way they do business to embrace the new reality of the
Postal Service.

Diana Alvarado, USPS Real Estate Manager, explained a customer service
facility was categorized by a facility that provided retail window service and
P.O. boxes to the public. She stated any time the Postal Service had a
plan to either expand, relocate or have new construction, they had to abide
by the CFR and they must host a public meeting. She said it was
important to note that this was not a closure or a consolidation. They were
proposing to take retail services currently at the Palo Alto Hamilton Station
and relocate them into the Downtown. One of the core strategies that the
Postmaster General had created was for the Postal Service to become
leaner, faster and smarter as an organization. They did that by optimizing
their network, realigning the workforce, reducing energy and reducing
physical footprint. The Hamilton Station building had 20,300 square feet,

                                       6                           02/21/2012
