Council Member Shepherd requested the City become a hard stop in the
process at some point in time, so that the City could work in concert with
the buyer.

Council Member Price inquired if it was possible to contact the Asset
Management Group in Washington, D.C. to determine if there were
examples of partnership opportunities with local government.          She
recognized that was not Ms. Alvarado's specialty, and asked if the Council
could make those inquiries to determine if there were some successful
examples.

Ms. Alvarado answered absolutely; that's why they had provided the asset
manager's name in the presentation.

Council Member Price thought it was better to present an argument in
person, and felt the Council should present its case in person. She
encouraged Staff to pursue that.          She inquired if there was ever
Congressional interest in the deliberations around these kinds of sites.

Mr. Wigdell said it depended on the situation. He noted there was a lot of
Congressional interest when the Hillsborough Post Office burned down and
had to be relocated.

Council Member Price thought it advisable for the Council to consider
contacting their representatives, if needed. She noted the presentation
didn't include anticipated costs in terms of rent and overhead for a smaller
location.

Ms. Alvarado replied that information was considered proprietary and a
part of the study.

Council Member Price stated a structural engineering assessment would be
performed to answer questions. She explained this was an exquisite
building built by architect Burge Clark who was a founding member of the
American Institute of Architects Santa Clara Valley.

Mayor Yeh asked for a walk-through of some of the physical requirements
for a building for USPS services.

Ms. Alvarado replied they needed a building of approximately 3,500 square
feet that would house three retail counters, Post Office boxes, an
automated postal unit, a small platform, security, and customer parking,

Mayor Yeh noted the current site had a mail island.



                                     15                          02/21/2012
