He indicated the Mayor thought this could be revisited at the end of the
meeting, after obtaining a sense of how much time was required to work
through the Infrastructure Report and implementation issues for the Council.

Council Member Klein stated the Council needed these meetings. He didn't
have a problem with that. He asked what was the difference between a
meeting and a retreat.

Mr. Keene thought separating it from the Council Meeting itself was the
difference. He noted the pressure to complete the Council Agenda at a
Council Meeting. He stated the concept was to have a conversation rather
than a formal discussion under Parliamentary Procedures.

Council Member Klein stated the Council may need meetings as it moved
forward on Infrastructure, and the meeting day was dependent on Council
Members' schedules. He said decisions would have to be made, and thought
those worked better in the Council Chambers using Parliamentary
Procedures.

Mayor Yeh suggested the Saturday meetings would be arranged as non-
Action Item Saturdays with dialogue by the Council, and Staff would be able
to pull from discussions potential Actionable Items for Council Meetings. The
idea of a retreat was to meet, talk, converse, and then Staff would
determine Action Items for the Council.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the recommendation was to have them
on Saturday.

Mr. Keene stated the thinking was to set aside a particular day, whether
Tuesday, Wednesday or Saturday, for only this topic. He indicated this Item
was listed as an Action Item so the Council could take action. He thought
the Council would always want to be able to take action at these meetings.
He said this setting, with the Council working through complex issues with
education, immersion, debate and technical aspects, was easier for Staff.
He felt the discussions as Council worked through this issue could make
better policy.

Council Member Shepherd suggested Saturdays be considered, but she
would like to see Staff have their Saturdays off. She thought the Council
needed to get through some of this processing that was only hinted at in a
Council meeting. She stated the Council didn't have a relaxed environment
under the Brown Act, where the Council could have dialogue and actually
begin propelling themselves forward.

                                  10                   January 21, 2012 
 
