Development Center. He felt the cost of purchasing the space would be
significantly less than purchasing new property.

Herb Borock believed it was appropriate for the Council and Staff to
consider acquiring this property. He noted the adjacent parking lot was the
site of the farmer's market, and an alternative location would need to be
found for that. He explained that a request for rezoning required action by
the Council and was subject to a referendum. He would have liked to see a
floor plan of the current site and the amount of square footage currently
being used by the Postal Service. Regarding the issue of a study or report
not available through the Freedom of Information Act, he suggested it
could be available at the request of a member of Congress.

Mayor Yeh asked the representatives of the USPS if they wished to respond
to comments and questions raised by the public.

Mr. Wigdell appreciated the community's input. He understood the Postal
Service was near and dear to everybody's heart. He stated Council
Member Burt's comments about the specialness of the Downtown area
were important. He indicated they were present to hear these comments.
He stated they had been taking notes, and would find answers to the
questions they couldn't answer specifically. With regard to the comment of
the financial information being national numbers, he explained the USPS
did not release local financial information. He stated the financial bind was
a national problem, and required drastic steps. He indicated it was not a
financial problem with the local Palo Alto Post Office; it was a national
problem with finances. He stated the retail Post Office with all services
would remain in the basic area. He thanked everyone for their comments
and feedback.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid
that the City Council direct Staff to; 1) conduct an independent property
appraisal of the site, and 2) conduct a preliminary examination of various
adaptive reuse concepts and other uses of the immediate vicinity for further
Council consideration.

Council Member Price thought this was an opportunity for the Council to be
creative. She stated this was a key facility and location within the City of Palo
Alto. She thought an independent assessment of the value of the site was
critical information needed to fully engage in a discussion. She believed an
independent appraisal was appropriate.           She said various concepts,
partnerships and financing models should be fully examined for the use of the
building, site and immediate vicinity. She suggested Staff contact the Asset
Management Group of USPS to clarify questions raised by Council Members
regarding the process and to determine examples of various outcomes in other


                                      18                          02/21/2012
