                                MINUTES
discovered, it would face the same crisis as a year ago. Although Caltrain
had a strong fare box recovery, it was not 100 percent. Caltrain was
reviewing a number of scenarios to close that gap.

Council Member Price said community members needed to be aware of the
peril that Caltrain faces in terms of funding and the fact that it needed to
express concerns about fixed rail and sustainability. Both messages should
be conveyed to elected officials at the State level.

Council Member Schmid asked if the next step for the Caltrain electrification
EIR would be an examination of grade crossings in the fall or winter of 2012.

Mr. Hackmann indicated the completion of the study was scheduled for fall
or winter 2012.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether those grade crossing needs would
be the same at the six plus two step with HSR or would it reopen from step
one.

Mr. Hackmann could not answer the question at the current time. There
would be steps, and the analysis would determine each step. He did not
have information on the step from six Caltrain trains to six trains plus HSR.

Council Member Schmid inquired if six was close to the current step.

Mr. Hackmann reported it was five peak hour trains per direction. Caltrain
expected to increase one train initially with a future addition of either three
or five trains.

Council Member Schmid asked if Caltrain would go up to eight trains per
hour in its EIR.

Mr. Hackmann answered no.       Caltrain's EIR focused on only six trains per
peak hour at any point.

Council Member Schmid inquired if Federal funds had been approved and
placed in an account.

Mr. Hackmann stated funds were placed in a theoretical account.

Council Member Schmid inquired if permission had been given for release of
the funds.

Mr. Hackmann replied yes. Funds were earmarked for use here.
                                                                         Page 26 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
