                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt felt the Motion should include the series of
considerations and deliverables. That was a different Motion than the one
proposed. He asked Mr. Williams to list the considerations again.

Mr. Williams stated the RFP would ask for a proposal for a City-wide wireless
communications network including but not limited to identification of
coverage and capacity needs; potential sites for wireless facilities including
City substation sites and City Hall; potential costs and revenues to the City;
integration with City-wide WiFi and fiber network; provision of emergency
service enhancements.

Council Member Klein suggested the Item be continued for one week to
allow Staff to revise the language.

Mayor Yeh felt it was important to get some clear language.

Council Member Klein felt this was not appropriate action for the Council.

Council Member Burt suggested the Council could adopt it as a direction to
Staff or have it return for Council consideration as an agendized Item. He
felt Mr. Williams had articulated the necessary set of elements.

Council Member Holman noted the Staff representation referenced an RFQ;
however, the Motion referenced a RFP. She inquired which was intended.

Ms. Stump reported Staff would review the proper form, but the intention
was a competitive solicitation that would be open to all qualified.

Council Member Klein expressed concerns that Mr. Williams had provided too
much information. Including all those items comprehensively would confuse
rather than help.   He inquired about language regarding fiber to the
premises.

Mr. Williams indicated the element was integration with City-wide WiFi and
fiber.

Council Member Klein stated that raised the issue of Council action regarding
fiber to the premises. Listing these items could confuse potential bidders
and be counterproductive.

Mr. Keene indicated tonight's meeting was a Special Meeting to discuss
these topics, and the remaining Agendas before the recess were filled with
complicated Items. Either direction was acceptable, because Staff needed
enough criteria to make selections.


06/25/2012                                                             111-111
