                               MINUTES

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Downtown Development Cap
reviewed the total commercial and retail space in Downtown.

Mr. Williams reported it considered commercial and retail space in the CD
zoning district in Downtown.

Council Member Schmid asked if a review of the Downtown Development
Cap included a review of the distribution between retail office and office
space.

Mr. Williams reported that was correct in a narrow construction. Staff
anticipated reviewing the balance of the types of uses because one of the
drivers was parking and each use had different implications for parking.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Council was adding a new element to
the review of the Downtown Development Cap. The most critical element
was the City's Economic Development Program.                The City generated
considerably more revenue from retail uses than from office complexes;
therefore, the City had a vested interest in a growing retail sector. In
studying the Emerson Street corridor, the Council had to determine how to
retain a vibrant retail sector. The wider issue was whether the City had a
vested interest in building a vibrant and vital retail sector in Downtown.

Council Member Holman did not support the Amendment. The Emerson
Street corridor should be part of the work plan for Staff, who should review
the retail component when evaluating an office cap in Downtown.

Council Member Espinosa supported the Amendment. He supported the first
part of the Motion because the process would engage stakeholders and
assist the Council in evaluating the proposal. With regard to the second
portion of the Motion, he did not disagree with the broader study; however,
he did not believe it was the correct approach.

Council Member Shepherd inquired about the composition of parking for
retail space versus office space.

Mr. Williams stated that issue would be included in the study. The Zoning
Code requirements for parking within the Parking District were the same for
retail space and office space. Outside the Parking District, more parking was
required for retail space than for office space. However, the changing
characteristics of office space was driving higher employee density. Retail
space mixed with office space in the Downtown environment tended to
promote walkability such that parking was not as much of an issue on the
                                                                        Page 15 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/5/12
