particularly the 2000 performing arts initiative and intermodal transit issue.
She would virtually guarantee that only two of the Council Members had any
knowledge of that at all, but it was being used a backdrop for what might be
considered. She asked that those studies be provided. She asked when
would the environmental analysis come to the Council for scoping. She
inquired where and how did the Council determine who paid for which
services. She felt that would come up in the public realm.

Mr. Emslie explained a number of studies were performed prior to the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR), and Staff was suggesting those studies
be done and not the formal EIR process. He indicated Staff would return to
the Council fairly soon with proposed contracts, even though Staff would not
be ready to discuss specific site planning issues at that point. He didn't
think that would be a good time to talk about that; however, Staff suggested
a Study Session to discuss background and site parameters be held while
the design work was being prepared. He said Staff didn't anticipate the
design work being completed even at a conceptual level for approximately
10 to 12 weeks. He suggested Staff could prepare the background, policies
and documents relating to this prior to the Study Session.

Mr. Keene stated in general this was a distinctive enough process that Staff
had a responsibility to report to the Council periodically as this started to
unfold. He indicated Staff would determine a method to do that. He
thought this action accelerated the timeframe for Mr. Arrillaga to present a
formal application, and he expected to receive a proposal that would provide
preliminary guidance.

Council Member Holman asked whether periodic reports meant monthly.
She wanted a level of expectation regarding the reports. She thought it
would be helpful for the Council and the public to understand if funding for
the connectivity was the driver for how site planning might be.

Mr. Emslie stated that was why Staff was coming to the Council at this early
stage to prevent the project from treating connectivity as an afterthought.
He said the public space was the driver.

Council Member Holman hypothesized that there wasn't a project and the
MacArthur Park Building remained at its current location. She inquired
whether Staff anticipated this connectivity process might have options or
alternatives.

Mr. Emslie thought contingencies, if certain things didn't happen, would be
analyzed, but there was certain base information that would carry over no
matter what, in terms of connectivity. He indicated there were discussions
with Santa Clara Valley Transit Authority (VTA), who was as much a
stakeholder as the developer in this. He stated their bus facility was just as

                                     25                            3/05/2011
