                      DRAFT MINUTES
looked at. He suggested they say the types of programs provided
at the center were enriched and valued within the community. He
thought it was good to put in an affirmative statement that they
were valued programs so that was established as a baseline but
did not preclude other considerations. The intent was two things,
to look at best uses and look at prioritization because those would
be two separate actions. He thought Mayor Yeh’s language was
good, but he wanted to describe the intent.

Mayor Yeh read the revised version Guiding Principle Number 10
as “Cubberley programs enrich the community and criteria should
be developed to prioritize existing and assess prospective uses for
the site.” He said that he would replace all of existing Guiding
Principle Number 10.

Council Member Holman said that language was acceptable
except it did not mention making a strong effort to retain such
uses at the site. She thought that was the only thing missing.

Mayor Yeh suggested “Cubberley programs enrich the community
and criteria should be developed to prioritize and/or retain
existing or assess prospective new uses.”

Council Member Holman said she wanted to see the statement
strengthened.

Mayor Yeh read it as “Cubberley programs enrich the community
and criteria should be developed to prioritize and/or retain
existing uses as well as assess prospective new uses.”

Council Member Burt was concerned with that language because
it sounded like they were necessarily intending to retain and
potentially add, but that might not be what the choices were. He
favored the original language and said that there could be certain
uses that were no longer a priority and he wanted to make sure
the language was consistent with that possibility.


                                                                   Page 61 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
