development team. He stated that projects that go to the ARB because they
conform to the zoning do not go to the Planning and Transportation
Commission unless they have a site and design designation or the Applicant,
Council, or Staff initiates a development prescreening process that was in the
zoning code. If the Council wanted to consider this application, it should
continue the meeting until the verbatim minutes of the ARB meeting was
available and everyone had a chance to comment on them. The valet parking
could easily turn into valet parking in the neighborhood as there were no
guarantees that all cars would go into the building. He thought that the Eco
Passes and Caltrain passes were only for employers, not for residents.
Additionally he did not think that there was an alternative to paying the In
Lieu fee for parking which was now over $50,000 per space. He said that the
office space in the Planned Community (PC) zone and the Commercial District
(CD) zone were treated the same under the 1986 Downtown Study.

Owen Byrd said he lived at 483 Hawthorne and had lived downtown on and
off since 1988. He said that done right density could help solve the City’s
housing shortage and make for a great place to live. He said that the project
would cause Palo Alto to miss a once in a lifetime opportunity. He opposed
the project because it was not big enough. He said that this was the most
transit oriented site in town and should be at least 8 to 12, maybe 14 stories
high. He said that it should not come with parking if the City was making a
transition to a post automobile transportation system. He said that they had
to build the urban form that would best deliver the environmental protections,
the social justice solutions in terms of affordable housing, and the equity and
opportunity that comes from having vital new development downtown. He
had served on the PTC, on the CDBG Commission, had been a public interest
advocate for land use, and had done development.

Public Hearing Closed at 10:51 p.m.

Mr. Baer said that there were two things they needed guidance on. First this
project was supposed to be a transit oriented development that included
housing. He said that was not inconsistent with what the PTC and City Council
discussed when reviewing its Housing Element. If however, the perceived
deficiency in parking in this political and policy environment was the major
issue, then he suggested taking funds that would otherwise have been put
into housing and put them into parking. He asked Council to give them that
guidance. He explained that the cost of housing was probably in the $5
million range. He stated this was a ground lease so the economics were not
normal. He said that they could not say here was $3 million of parking benefit
if they are were providing $5 million of housing on which they would not get
an adequate return. He requested guidance as to if funds should be put into
parking or to housing.


                                  36                    March 12, 2012
