    Council Member Schmid indicated the Design Guidelines would be a critical
    part of what comes from this. He noted the traffic impacts had not been
    determined, but an increase of 40 to 45 percent would likely cause higher
    levels of traffic on the freeway entrances and exits as well as on Charleston,
    East Meadow and West Bayshore. He asked whether the traffic impact
    study would include these feeder streets.

    Mr. Williams answered yes. He reported Staff would probably also study
    whether there was a potential connection from East Meadow Circle across to
    West Bayshore to reduce traffic from Fabian.

    Council Member Schmid stated traffic would still have to get to one of the
    freeway entrances.

    Mayor Yeh asked for questions regarding the East of San Antonio subarea.

    Council Member Klein stated the tenor of his questions was what the retail
    overlay would accomplish given the vast number of individual landowners.
    He asked for an explanation of how the overlay would work.

    Mr. Williams explained the overlay would allow for certain kinds of uses
    only, such as retail, hotel, and auto sales, with specific Floor Area Ratios
    tied to each of those. He stated those types of uses weren't allowed
    currently in that zoning. He indicated it would allow for those uses and
    allow more intensity than was currently used, and hopefully would be
    attractive to someone. He thought it would provide, going back to the same
    concept as before, some thresholds for parcel sizes to be developed that
    would encourage consolidation of properties. He noted the P&TC had a long
    discussion about how to do that and how to ensure commercial
    development occurred from Charleston into the site.

    Council Member Klein asked whether there were some retail establishments
    in that neighborhood. He noted he had seen ads for art galleries.

    Mr. Williams reported there might be a couple of small uses. He wasn't sure
    if they had been there for a while or if they were located there legally. He
    said most of the area was certainly not that nature.

    Council Member Klein thought the outline given was fine, but he didn't see
    how it would work practically unless there were significant incentives. He
    assumed the overlay by itself on an individual landowner with one parcel
    would not create any retail other than the small ones he just mentioned. He
    asked if that assumption was correct.



                                    14                  February 13, 2012 
 
