                               MINUTES
Mr. Tanczos indicated there were no costs for the City, and revenue would
be shared with the City. His company would not build a single carrier
network, because it was not financially feasible. The amount of revenue
would depend on the number of sites developed, the timeframe, and which
carriers committed to the project. Those issues would be worked out before
the first site was built.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to respond to emails regarding
emergency preparedness and coverage during emergencies.

Charlie Cullen, Police Technical Services reported having this infrastructure
in place would provide opportunities to have disaster recovery wireless for
Public Safety. He wanted to work with the Planning Department and the
selected vendor to ensure there was space for both racks and power.

Council Member Espinosa noted the vendor would know the number of
carriers needed for each tower or antenna to provide cost recovery. He
asked about withdrawal of the project if carriers could not be found.

Mr. Tanczos explained at least three tenants per tower were needed to make
a profit. As the cost of the tower increased, the fee charged to the tenant
increased or the number of tenants increased.

Council Member Espinosa asked if direct incentives for tenants were
provided.

Mr. Tanczos answered yes. Sharing was a significant incentive for all
carriers. Having one main infrastructure shared by all carriers was more
cost effective for everyone. Carriers typically searched for a sharing option
before building their own system.

Council Member Espinosa believed incentives lessened the political process
for carriers.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the white space on the map indicated a lack of
coverage.

Mr. Tanczos reported the white spaces had adequate coverage for a few
carriers. Only field testing would verify the number of nodes needed.

Vice Mayor Scharff confirmed field testing would occur before determining
the number of nodes.




06/25/2012                                                            111-101
