MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to interview all candidates for the Public Art Commission for Three
Terms Ending on April 30, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

4.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Human Relations
     Commission for Three Terms Ending on March 31, 2015.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to interview all candidates for Human Relations Commission for Three
Terms Ending on March 31, 2015

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

5.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Utilities Advisory
     Commission ending on June 30, 2013.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to interview all candidates for the Utilities Advisory Commission
ending on June 30, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene reported Consent Agenda Item No. 9 included
a new Safe Routes to School Project. He stated the Council would be able
to develop new education material which would help expand the City's Safe
Routes to School Bike Safety Education Program, develop new
transportation policy which implemented reduced speed limit zones near
schools, develop Walk and Roll maps for each of the District's 17 public
schools, and help develop a new Safe Routes to School web site for the
City. He indicated the Project was funded as part of the grant the City
received from Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), the Vehicle Emissions
Reductions Based on Schools Program (VERBS). He said the grant funded
the New Safe Routes to School assistant coordinator on the City's Staff for
the next two years and helped implement the Program. He announced that
a public meeting would be held to discuss the Long Range Plan for Palo
Alto's Regional Wastewater Treatment Facility. This was the fifth in a
series of public meetings on this Plan and would be held March 1 at
Cubberley in Room H1 from 4:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. He anticipated the
Plan under development would be brought to Council for consideration in
the spring. He reported on the Tree House Apartments' opening and
celebration last Thursday. He noted the Palo Alto Housing Corporation
hosted the celebration for the opening of the Tree House Apartments at

                                      2                          02/21/2012
