                                MINUTES
   Remove the median island on Arastradero Road between Hubbart Street
    and Ynigo Way installed initially in response to neighborhood feedback as
    part of the first year implementation of the trial. This will require the
    relocation of the vehicle speed feedback sign facing westbound
    Arastradero Road traffic from the median to the sidewalk along the north
    side of Arastradero Road, but will better support left turn access into and
    out of Hubbart Street and Ynigo Way.
   Provide enhanced green bicycle lane treatments at key intersections such
    as Alta Mesa-McKeller, Coulombe Drive, Donald Drive-Terman Drive, and
    Gunn High School to provide motorists awareness as to the presence of
    bicycles, and to provide guidance for the cyclist as to where bicycles
    should position themselves. New signage to identify wrong-way bicycle
    riding is also recommended, similar to that installed on Channing Avenue
    between Newell Road and Lincoln Avenue.
   Design improvements to the El Camino Real & Arastradero Road-
    Charleston Road should be planned and coordinated with Caltrans to help
    improve travel time and bicycle/pedestrian safety across the intersection.

Vice Mayor Scharff looked forward to the improvements occurring.

Council Member Klein did not believe any configuration would eliminate
traffic congestion. This project was an excellent compromise and would
always need minor adjustments. The project had widespread community
support. He supported Staff's recommendation.

Council Member Espinosa inquired about signage at the intersection with
Clemo Avenue.

Mr. Rodriguez stated there was currently a pedestrian-activated flashing
beacon. Staff wanted to remove the beacon and install a sign with visual
and audible cues.

Council Member Espinosa stated the concern raised by the public was the
height and visibility of the sign, and asked if the new sign would be more
visible.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the sign and the button would flash to let
pedestrians know the sign was on.

Council Member Espinosa requested the public speaker contact Staff to
ensure complete understanding of the problem. He inquired about plans and
a process for a study of spillover traffic.


                                                                         Page 10 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 10/1/12
