                               MINUTES
the person who was being put in the spotlight. He thought that was a
mistake, what was on the spotlight was 84 units of housing and the question
was if the City was serious about bringing in more housing. If the City was,
then the Council would approve the 84 units. He urged the Council to
approve the proposal.

Geoff Dale echoed the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, the Santa Clara
Housing Action Coalition as well as Mr. Dawid. He thought this project was
an excellent opportunity for adding well designed residential to Palo Alto and
the neighborhood. He lived and worked in the project area and had the
opportunity to lead a low carbon impact life because of it. It was a
wonderful walking neighborhood where people’s needs were met. He said
he wanted to see that brought into other people’s lives. He thought the R&D
was an excellent way of transitioning what was there and adding the
residential. There were many combinations and synergies there if Council
looked at the surrounding buildings they would see that the architecture fit
in very well. He thought the project was micromanaged and it was time to
let it be built. It was economic development that was needed for the area
and the City. The empty lot that sat there was only a mild improvement
over the ramshackle warehouses and R&D spaces that previously existed.
The neighborhood was going through a revitalization with very exciting
companies that needed the extra space. He asked the Council to approve
the project.

Herb Borock urged Council to deny the project and take no action on the
Mitigated Negative Declaration. He said they focused on the fair argument
based on substantial evidence from Mr. Moss regarding toxics. There was an
additional fair argument based on substantial evidence from Joy Ogawa on
transportation inadequacies and aesthetics. He said he would provide that
to the Council in the form of a letter after he finished speaking along with
additional items. The project did not meet the requirement for a mixed use
concession from Government Code 65915 because mixed use must be
compatible with the housing. It was defined in the PTOD zoning that
compatible R&D for housing uses in the limited industrial land use zone was
.25. The project was almost double at .48, so therefore they could find that
it did not receive a mixed use concession. He said he was also providing
Council with a copy of Mr. Hohbach’s letter and the Ordinance Council
adopted at his request for 2650 Birch, which was also in the project’s
neighborhood. In that letter Mr. Hohbach said that a PTOD zoning with a
FAR of 1.25 would create an economically viable project. He said it was not
possible to increase that PTOD to the project because the mixed use violated
the compatibility requirement for mixed use in State law. Mr. Jans had
provided information at 395 Page Mill Road, which was across Park
Boulevard from the project, but neglected to show the site area. The site
                                                                        Page 32 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
