into Staff Recommendation No. 5          the last 4 words “existing composting
operation”.


Council Member Klein stated that in keeping with the Council’s obligation to
the pubic that passed Measure E, the Council should continue with
composting even if it was for only a few months. He said that the primary
issue for him was to not lose anything with regard to licensing. As there was
conflicting information he did not believe the license should be put at risk.

Council Member Shepherd said she wanted to acknowledge the comments
made by colleagues about trying to be expeditious about getting the land
capped and ready for parkland use. She said that was very import to her as
well, but the licensing issue was an important question. The energy behind
Measure E was inspiring. She said that this was prudent to do as the City
did not know what its needs would be in the next 10 years. She stated the
voters made a wise decision, but she understood that there would be
arguments each time the Council discusses it. She said that she expects
Staff to come back to the Council and tell them that it was closing
composting and the windrows on the 41 acres. She does not see how they
could stay open past this short period time. She said that in the meantime
she wanted answers about licensing and if it would be transferable to the 10
acres, the cost to move it, and if it would be too expensive to move. She
said that she understood that they are looking at downsizing Staff even
further because if they are not operating a landfill they would not need those
people. She said that she hoped the two to three month period would
enable Staff to get those answers.

Council Member Burt had been prepared to support the primary Motion as
stated, but said that it would be prudent to allow Staff to look at this issue.
He questioned if they had an idea of how long it would take to get an answer
on the licensing issue.

Mr. Bobel said on the regulatory issue, 4 months would be adequate.

Council Member Burt asked if it would it take that long.

Mr. Bobel said they had been exploring it with the regulatory agencies. He
said there were multiple permits and agencies involved. He said that when
you ask about a hypothetical you do not get answers in writing and it was
hard to get an answer. He said that the more time Staff had the more
definitive the answer would be.



                                   26                      February 6, 2012
  
