Council Member Price inquired if CPI had modified its practices in that area
over the past few years.

Mr. Denapi stated he did not know. CPI had done a good job in terms of
handling waste at its facility. CPI staff met every Monday to discuss what
would be processed in the plate shop and what chemicals would be
transferred to the waste treatment system. CPI had done a tremendous
amount of work in terms of handling the material, and had done a good job
of handling the waste.

Council Member Holman referenced a statement that plate shops were
completely reconstructed in 15-year intervals, and asked if that was usual.

Mr. Williams did not have the technical knowledge to know if that was
standard practice. In the amortization study, the consultant had relied on
Mr. Fickett's statement that the plate shop had been rebuilt.

Council Member Holman inquired how often inspections were performed for
conformance to Title XIX, and if inspections were noticed or surprise visits.

Gordon Simpkinson, Fire Marshall reported the Fire Department had an
annual inspection program for CPI and any facility that had similar levels of
hazardous materials onsite. They reviewed Title XIX compliance, whether a
risk management plan was in place, whether the plan had been updated for
changes in process or quantity of materials onsite, requirements for
hazardous materials management plans, compliance with California Fire
Code requirements, and compliance with local standards for storage of
hazardous materials. The Fire Department had a comprehensive inspection
program.

Council Member Holman asked if inspections were noticed.

Mr. Simpkinson stated inspections were noticed in general. Notice was
typically a phone call 24-72 hours prior to inspection to ensure the facility
manager or other appropriate personnel was onsite.

Council Member Holman inquired if the discharge into Matadero Creek was
surface water.

Mr. Simpkinson indicated most exterior storage areas were required to have
a means of containing spills from the primary containment. If the primary
containment was a tank and the means of capturing spills was a bermed
area around the tank, the tank could collect rain water unless it had a cover.
If there was rain water intrusion, the standard practice was to examine the
rain water for signs of release and to test for pH in areas of acids. Once the
rain water had been screened and determined not to be contaminated, then

                                     15                           04/23/2012
