Mr. Williams reported VTA had presented five bullet points in terms of their
comments, and it was fourth on the list. He felt it was not strongly
emphasized, but he thought they were going to suggest the certified
Housing Element should not be required.

Mr. Keene suggested Staff could reconcile the spirit of the Amendment,
perform some reconnaissance with VTA and other cities, and report back to
the RHMC or Council with information on the efficacy of that action.

Council Member Burt stated Colleagues were misguided for not supporting
the Amendment. He indicated the Council had taken leadership roles
regarding High Speed Rail that risked their being viewed as outliers. He
felt taking that sort of initiative brought others to an informed and aligned
position. He looked forward to hearing how a response emerged from an
informal discussion. He didn't understand how this rationale was so
different from that of High Speed Rail.

Council Member Shepherd agreed with Council Member Price's comments
regarding the VTA's explanation of not becoming involved in this process;
yet the VTA asked for comments when they spoke to the Council. She was
disturbed by the VTA not revealing comments in a response to ABAG and
MTC. She asked Staff to pursue this. She wanted to see their response on
record in order to promote the objectives of being responsive and
thoughtful about growth in the Bay Area.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-4 Burt, Schmid, Shepherd, yes, Holman, Scharff
absent

Mayor Yeh knew from the perspective of Palo Altans, the least acceptable
form of planning was one imposed by regional and external entities. He
thought the Council was sending a clear message through the process
created in the Motion and through the work of the RHMC. He stated this
was setting a clear framework for Palo Alto that could be shared with other
cities.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

17.   Submittal of Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Monthly
      Construction Contract Report and Council Direction to Staff to
      Continue Construction Contract Monthly Reports.

Assistant Director of Public Works, Phil Bobel indicated there was no
presentation beyond the report. He distributed an attachment which
contained summary information. He reported the Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center Construction Project were approximately two-thirds
complete in terms of funding. He explained Staff calculated the percentage

                                      33                          02/21/2012
