School District to be vocal, but believed there could be some elements
within the school community that wanted to be active.

Council Member Espinosa knew this had been raised previously. He stated
those conversations had suggested the Committee think about what
approaches the Council could take in partnership with other jurisdictions,
representatives and others. He hoped those conversations were taking
place and, if not, he encouraged the Committee to think about that. He
asked what level of intensity of growth and density would be realized under
this.

Mr. Williams reported the 25- to30-year forecast was a 50 percent increase
in number of households in Palo Alto. He indicated it was adding 12,500
new households to an existing 25,000 or 26,000 households.

Council Member Espinosa asked what that would look like in terms of
development.

Mr. Williams noted the projections excluded single-family home areas. He
didn't know how Palo Alto could do that without quite a few six to ten-story
buildings scattered around El Camino, Downtown and California Avenue.
He reported ABAG regional projections took Palo Alto from thee-to four-
story buildings to five- to six-story buildings in the most concentrated
areas. He thought it would be more than that.

Robert Moss urged the Council to adopt the recommendations of PTC, Staff
and the Council Committee to not identify El Camino and the Downtown
areas as PDAs. He thought it would be a disaster to rezone a quarter mile
either side of El Camino for high density housing. He stated that would not
reduce traffic or CO2 emissions, because between 80 percent and 90
percent of the people who moved in there would drive. He reported the
Council was missing the increase in gasoline mileage, higher efficiency,
mandated by the Federal Government. He said that would have a huge
impact on reducing GHG. He noted ABAG had not accounted for that at all.
He noted the Council didn't have a policy or program for telecommuting,
and he'd been urging high speed broadband to every home in Palo Alto for
the last 15 years. He thought that would allow more people to work from
home and reduce driving. He suggested returning to the local transit
system of 40 years ago. He suggested VTA provide local bus service to the
people of Palo Alto, which would reduce GHG.

Council Member Price wished to respond to Council Member Shepherd's
remarks regarding VTA.       She explained the VTA viewed itself as an
operator of transit services. Because VTA didn't have Land Use authority
or control of individual city Housing Elements, she understood why they
would be reluctant to take a position to represent 18 cities. She thought,

                                     29                          02/21/2012
