                               MINUTES

Council Member Burt withdrew the Amendment with the understanding that
the City had the authority to waive the fee for events co-sponsored by the
City.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN

Council Member Schmid agreed with the business community's statement
that live music energized an urban setting. A start time of 6:00 P.M. from
Monday through Thursday was logical. He suggested Staff continue to
monitor complaints regarding noise and cleanliness, and return to the
Commission if an issue arose.

Council Member Holman referenced page 241 of the Packet and stated
amplified music was not background music. She asked if there was an on-
site means for self-monitoring of noise levels.

Mr. Anderson reported Staff had researched that issue. The challenge with
Lytton Plaza was the amount of vandalism of City property. In addition, a
Police Officer would need to witness the decibel level reading that caused a
violation of the Noise Ordinance.

Council Member Holman felt amplified music provided an environment for
vandalism.

Council Member Klein clarified that the start time for amplified music should
be 6:00 P.M. Monday through Thursday in the Motion.

Mr. Anderson inquired whether Friday's start time was also 6:00 P.M.

Council Member Klein indicated the 6:00 P.M. start time would apply to
Monday through Thursday.

Mayor Yeh felt the Motion addressed the           musicians'   and    business
community's wishes as well as cost recovery.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Scharff absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein said he attended the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency Board of Directors bi-monthly meeting.       They
discussed the progress of the water supply improvement project and an

                                                                       Page 21 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
