critical in the design of this as any other building. He said it wasn't just this
project, but the surrounding area, and that's why Staff agreed with the
Amendment. He indicated Staff would plan for the need to transfer this and
the MacArthur Park Building might not move.

Mr. Keene asked that Council not try to get Staff to state a specific report-
back time right now. He explained Staff had to negotiate contracts and
present those to the Council, unless they were small dollar amounts that
didn't require Council approval. He stated that work would allow Staff to get
a sense of the scope of work and a schedule, then it would be easier for
Staff to inform the Council on the right reporting times, whether in Study
Session or sending informational reports. He didn't think that was any
different than if this project wasn't here and Staff decided to plan the site.
He stated the whole point was to start planning the site, and Staff couldn't
tell the Council when that would be until they started work.

Council Member Holman stated she didn't want to lock Staff into a reporting
schedule, but wanted an expectation of when the Council might receive
reports. She explained if the Council was being proactive and having a
major hand in designing this site, it needed to know what the potential
applicant's goals for the site were, and then the Council needed to have a
discussion about its goals for the site. She thought that needed to happen
pretty quickly, perhaps after presenting the contracts. She asked if Staff
thought that discussion should happen fairly quickly after the contracts,
because of schedules.

Mr. Keene stated it would be easier for Staff to report specifically on her
comments when they had contracts. He felt it would be a mistake for Staff
to bring the Council a concept that might shift and take a different form from
when it would be formally submitted. He said it was difficult to provide
specifics because of conjecture. He thought the best thing was to direct
Staff to return with a contract schedule and the scope, then Staff could lay
out the reporting process and schedule.

Council Member Holman inquired when Staff might provide the public and
the Council with the 2000 study, and site maps for the site being discussed
and the surrounding sites.

Mr. Keene thought Staff expected to have that in approximately the next
month.

Mr. Emslie stated less than that.

Council Member Schmid supported Council Member Espinosa's comments.
He thought one of the most exciting notions and ideas to come from the
whole Stanford project was the understanding that the University campus

                                       26                            3/05/2011
