                               MINUTES
The League had draft legislation in conference committee at the Legislature,
and would know whether or not it would be scheduled for floor sessions
before the recess. Otherwise, it would come back when the Legislature
reconvened on August 6, 2012.

Mayor Yeh believed public discussion was important. Staff should consider
methods to achieve the most productive and constructive discussions. He
asked Staff to provide a categorization or grouping of questions that lent
themselves to open session meetings.

Mr. Keene reported there was a logical grouping of the questions, and others
could emerge during Staff review. One apparent grouping was based upon
actions within the Council's current local authority and discretion versus
actions dependent upon legislative or regulatory change at another level of
government. Staff would return to the Council in mid or late September
with the understanding that they would not necessarily have answered every
question. There would be meetings subsequent to the September meeting.

Mayor Yeh stated this was an invitation for creative solutions from employee
and employer perspectives. He asked for Staff's thoughts regarding creating
an open climate to invite and achieve honest discussions.

Mr. Keene indicated one of the primary roles of the Human Resources
Director was to help elevate and deepen the conversation and shared
responsibility between the City and employees. That aligned with having an
open public conversation regarding the realities faced by the City.

Kathy Shen, Director of Human Resources reported employees wanted to be
heard. Employees had opinions about their value to the City and how the
City compensated, rewarded and engaged them.           She would compose
questions to obtain input while minimizing emotions.             There were
generational differences in our employees in terms of what they wanted to
get out of the work and the value proposition of working for the City.

Mayor Yeh looked forward to any model presented in September.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid          moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to direct Staff to agendize     by the end of September 2012 the
discussion of the items contained in   the Colleague’s Memo on sustainable
pensions, retiree healthcare, other     benefits, and incentives for career
employment.




07-02-2012                                                           111-143
