                               MINUTES

Eric Nordman stated the incremental cost of parking spaces was greater
than the fees generated by parking permits; therefore, the business
community subsidized parking. Rather than building parking structures, he
suggested the City concentrate on reducing the demand. Cash-out benefits
to employees who did not drive could decrease parking demand by 11
percent on average.

Stephanie Munoz suggested the Council provide pictures of the areas being
considered for parking permits. Some retail businesses contributed more to
Downtown and suggested the Council listen to the merchants who supported
the City through sales taxes.

Faith Bell stated the assessments for in-lieu parking fees were meant to
compensate for the lack of parking provided by new projects; however, the
floor area ratio was skewed and should be addressed. Developers of new
projects needed to install more underground parking. Businesses could not
pay further assessments to build additional parking structures.

Andrew Boone reported Staff was correct in identifying logical measures to
implement quickly. Long-term suggestions were charging for parking that
was currently free or changing the price structure, and having a more
effective TDM policies. He wanted to avoid building additional parking
garages.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to comment.

Cutis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment reported
Staff had no comments.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to continue Agenda Item Number 21 to November 13, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

22.   Status Report on Current High Speed Rail and Caltrain Electrification
      Issues Submitted for Council Review and Comment.

Richard Hackmann, Management Specialist, indicated the Staff Report was
comprehensive for the Council's and public's information. The first section,
300 miles from Merced to the San Fernando Valley, should be operational in
2022 and cost more than $37 billion. The next section, 410 miles from San
Francisco to the San Fernando Valley, should be complete in 2026 and cost
up to $61 billion. The full Phase I segment from San Francisco to Anaheim
                                                                      Page 22 of 24
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/5/12
