                               MINUTES
things. Mr. Keene and Mr. Williams both asked if it was the right time to try
a RPP and if it should be done under the process Staff defined or in some
other form, or if they should accelerate the other programs first and revisit
the RPP another day.

Mr. Williams thought Council Member Holman’s questions went to the
specifics of the RPP. He agreed that the information was dispersed. The
question she had about the use of the money going toward the other
programs concerned him because he thought there was a commitment at
the time of the approval of the Lytton Gateway project that the money was
segregated and used specifically for residential protection or parking
intrusion. He was not sure it was appropriate to move the money to another
type of parking program.

Council Member Holman said it seemed to her that without answers to some
of these questions they would not have good enough information to deploy.
She shared the concerns that this was not an open process. Council could
not make changes that evening based on information it just learned. The
process could have been improved. There were some things that were
added more appropriately or more clearly described in the presentation than
were listed in the Staff report. Someone told her that Palo Alto High School
was charging for parking which was causing more parking in the
neighborhood. She asked if that was correct. She said that Council Member
Shepherd just told her that they had always charged for parking. She said
that they might want to work with the School District and Stanford on that.
She listed off modes of transportation that were added and asked how those
items would be funded or if they could be funded.

Mr. Rodriguez thought the concept was a Staff developed toolkit of
downtown transportation management tools to be taken advantage of by
existing or future development. One of the elements they thought of was a
future expansion program participation into a shuttle program which would
allow the City to provide new service to the area and help connect it with
other residences within the community. He said that participating in a
shuttle program could be a way to provide more connections through transit
use that did not currently exist through the Santa Clara Valley Transit
Authority (VTA) or other resources.

Mr. Williams said Staff was not ready to tell Council how it planned to fund
anything listed under that option.

Council Member Holman said she would add opportunities with underutilized
and over parked buildings in the downtown area. She said that other
communities managed liability issues and that seemed to never get
                                                                       Page 33 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
