                               MINUTES
significant impacts and no impacts. Grade crossings definitely affected
aesthetics; therefore, there would be significant impacts.      The Report
discussed the necessity of grade separations at Alma Street but did not
address the impacts, yet the MND stated there was no impact. She was
unsure how the Evergreen Park neighborhood would be protected when the
California Avenue Town Center encompassed some of the neighborhood.
The document needed vetting at the Council level as well as updating.

Council Member Price agreed with comments regarding alignment of the
second half of the Resolution. Continued examination of the document
would move beyond the original parameters of the Study. The Study was a
vision document, a policy guidance document. The Staff Report and the
Task Force stated implementation would require additional technical studies
and examination of priorities to address identified themes. The real issue
was the vision and flexibility of the language, so that the Council could use
this document in a positive way. By adopting the Study, the Council could
use it as a leveraging document for additional funding. The Council should
discuss a reasonable schedule to resolve this. If the Council focused on
precise language, then it would lose the momentum and the opportunities
outlined by the document. After RC review, she hoped the Council would
discuss moving forward with the document.

Council Member Espinosa noted recommendations by RC Members. The
Council needed to provide context in order to use the Study as a tool in
terms of policy and sequencing. He did not feel the Council was trying to
delay the Study. It should be reviewed by the RC, and then the Council
should create context and make policy decisions in order to use the Study as
a tool to move forward.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Study was important, because it would
set policy. The language should be reconciled, and there should be a clear
understanding of the policy for grade crossings. The language should be
clear to explain the City's desire to have submerged grade crossings rather
than overpasses.

Council Member Schmid indicated there was valuable information in the
Study, which should be utilized. The maps and background contained in the
Study were useful. The vision statement was the most important piece of
the Report. The Study provided connectivity within the City and to new
developments, and context for infrastructure improvements. Regarding
equal treatment of neighborhoods, the goal should be that impacts on
communities will be relatively equal and that the outcome for communities
will be approximately equal.

                                                                       Page 10 of 20
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/18/12
