                                MINUTES
He inquired whether Staff recommendations preempted decisions, or
whether decisions would be made in the future with information available at
that time.

Mr. Bobel reported it was difficult to move forward with the analysis without
precluding options or making decisions. The RFP process provided for
private sector cost estimates without making decisions. One conflict was
capping the landfill, and a series of scenarios would be presented to the
Council in the January 2013 timeframe.

Council Member Espinosa asked when in the timeline would the Council
make other decisions.

Mr. Bobel stated the next key decision would be in early 2014, when Staff
would present information from the RFP process. The early 2014 timeframe
would determine whether the Energy/Compost Facility would proceed. One
complexity was the need to move forward with the biosolids facility, because
the incinerators needed to be replaced.     Staff attempted to sequence
projects such that options were not precluded before the Council made a
decision on the Energy/Compost Facility.

Council Member Espinosa inquired how Staff factored in differing timelines of
the partner cities and how that affected the Council's decisions.

Mr. Bobel indicated differing timelines would extend the City's timeline if the
projects were integrally linked. At that point, the Council would have to
decide whether to extend the timeline or separate the projects.

Council Member Espinosa asked if Staff had communicated a sense of
urgency to the partner cities.

Mr. Bobel was concerned about that as well.      Staff had provided schedule
information and held partner meetings.

Council Member Holman asked if public speakers would have more than 3
minutes to comment.

Mayor Yeh answered no. The Council could follow up with questions.

Council Member Holman noted references to California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) approval in the slides, but she found no mention of the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) process. She asked Staff to comment
on that.



07-02-2012                                                              111-130
