                              MINUTES
References to other cities with such programs were not persuasive. He did
not find evidence those programs were successful.           A number of
neighborhood association’s hosted events without a need for City funds. He
did not have a solution to the problem of integrating immigrants; however,
appropriating funds was not the solution. Before implementing a grant
program, the Council should identify the problem to be solved and steps
needed to alleviate the problem.

Council Member Holman felt the program was a good idea and agreed with
using funds from the Council Contingency Fund. She inquired about the
amount of Staff time required to develop the program. She suggested the
Parks and Recreation Commission develop and administer the program.
Beautification projects were also good ways to bring the community together
and develop community pride. The criteria should not be the group but the
activity and resulting goal of the activity.

Council Member Price agreed with her colleagues and would support a
Motion to approve the suggestion. She expressed concerns about the
problem statement and the issues of community engagement and
community building. The issue was to support opportunities for a variety of
groups to engage and build relationships. It was appropriate for the Motion
to be referred to the HRC as an Informational Item to obtain community
input, while Staff developed the program. She viewed the program as a
demonstration project. She suggested the program include tracking by
geography and the engagement of historically less active neighborhoods.
She felt a one-year trial period would be beneficial.

Council Member Espinosa shared Council Member Klein's sentiments. He
was not sure the grant program was the best means for engaging the
community. Grant programs in other cities were very different from the
proposed grant program. He was hesitant to support the Motion without
some sort of performance review.

Council Member Schmid felt it was a good, simple idea. The small amount of
grants would encourage neighborhoods to try things. One outcome could be
a database listing each application, how the money was used, the goal, and
results.

Aram James read language from the memorandum. He noted the lack of
restroom facilities at neighborhood parks where block parties were held. He
suggested using the $25,000 as seed money to build restroom facilities at
parks.


                                                                      Page 4 of 26
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 9/24/12
