                               MINUTES
SVACA could be a false comparison. It could be that the expenditure unit
costs were less so the revenues they had to charge to cover the costs were
less. The City was trying to maintain a certain level of service and balance
the expenditure costs. This was intended to strike a balance and by
implementing the revenues early they had a chance to test that. If they got
into the first quarter and saw difficult trends they had the option to make
modifications.

Council Member Holman asked when the item would return to Council for a
status update.

Mr. Keene said that he did not know that Staff would return with the issue
unless they saw that there was a trend problem, whether that was that
revenue was not coming in the right way, or some other issue, unless there
was a specific directive that came to them from Council in addition to
making sure they met the necessary financial numbers.

Council Member Holman said she was interested in the financial aspects but
also the number of animals serviced. She asked where fundraising fit into
the budget.

Ms. Antil said she wanted Mr. Hagerman to discuss the fee chart further
before they discussed fundraising.

Ian Hagerman, Police Department, Senior Management Analyst, said a large
proportion of the spay and neuter surgeries done in the City were at the
bottom of the fee range. About 75 percent of the dogs spayed and neutered
were in the very lowest fee category. The absolute increase in that category
was minimal. He said they did a very high volume in cat spay and neuters.
If one looked at the entire spectrum of spay and neuter surgeries at the
clinic the average neuter fees were $95.00 and the average spay fees were
about $25.00. The cost for larger animals was more substantial, but the
volume of those was almost nonexistent. He said they completed three
large dog spays in 2011. Those people paid substantially higher fees at a
private veterinarian and some local shelters would not accept those large
animals. Staff felt that while some of the recommendations for fee increases
were aggressive they were still competitive.

Council Member Holman clarified he was discussing the proposed fees.

Mr. Hagerman said that was correct. He said the numbers represented the
average fees for cat and dog spays and neuters across the full spectrum.
They averaged it based on volume in Palo Alto under the proposed fee
schedule.
                                                                      Page 76 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 7/23/12
