                                 MINUTES
He said that the self-appointed representatives on the study group were not
representative of the community. Professorville was 15 square blocks; the
proposed area was two and a half square blocks, not all of which was in
Professorville. He said that most of the homes in the residential parking
district had garages and many of them had been converted. Parking in the
City streets was a social good that belonged to all the people of Palo Alto,
residents and employees alike. In his opinion residents had no more right to
a parking space than a worker. He said that there also needed to be a
conversation about the difference between a $12.00 an hour worker and
someone who made $120,000 per year.

David Epstein said he lived on the one block of Emerson just beyond the
proposed trial area toward Embarcadero. One of his problems was not just
the downtown area, but the high school students that parked there during
the school year. Many high school students did not want to pay for parking
so they parked on his block. He said that the trial was a severe burden on
his block because residents could not park a street over due to the trial and
the displaced cars would park on his block. He said that it pushed both the
downtown workers and the high school students to his block. He found it
interesting that the RPP provided no solution. He asked where the cars
would go. The RPP pushing them out of one area and all that happened was
they were moving to another area. He was also disturbed by the process
and did not hear about it until several people showed him the completed
survey which did not take into account those that were negatively affected
by the trial. He found it unfortunately caviler to say that it was simply a trial
and not to worry about it. It was dealing with people’s lives over the next
six months. He suggested they use computer simulations rather than
experimenting on real people. He wanted a more global solution and urged
Council not to pass the proposal.

Steven Cohen lived on Addison and was between the pilot area and the
downtown. He would not receive any benefits from the pilot program or any
permanent program. He was against permit parking and was happy living in
a vibrant and diverse area where people from downtown could park. After
he found out by accident about the implementation of the program he did a
casual survey with his neighbors, which looked at the available spaces for
the residents. When he walked around at 1:00 p.m. on several occasions he
noticed that out of the 66 driveways with 125 spaces there were about 37
cars parked. He said that many of the garages were repurposed and that in
that area there were only about 4 homes that had no garage or driveway.
From his perspective the City was subsidizing the bad behavior of those with
underutilized driveways and garages at the expense of the public.


                                                                          Page 16 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
