                               MINUTES
the future Parks and Recreation Master Planning process that will begin
soon. Council encouraged the Commission to think creatively about the park
design and community needs especially with respect to El Camino Park, the
Golf Course, and the Baylands Athletic Center; and also encouraged the
Commission to find new creative ways to engage youth, such as the Youth
Video Core, in parks and recreation policy matters. Council was very
complimentary of the Commission’s commitment to the City’s Parks and
Recreation needs and looked forward to working with them in the year
ahead.
Special Orders of the Day

2.   Proclamation and Flag Ceremony Recognizing Sister City Linkoping,
     Sweden Week.

Mayor Yeh read the proclamation into the record for Linkoping Sweden and
Neighbor’s abroad, 25th anniversary.

Palo Alto Free Press suggested the City extend a friendship to the nation of
Cuba as a means to broaden exchange to different countries.

3.   Adoption of a Resolution 9284 Expressing Appreciation to Marilyn
     Keller Upon the Completion of Her Term as a Utilities Advisory
     Commissioner.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Marilyn Keller upon the
completion of her term as a Utilities Advisory Commissioner.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Marilyn Keller thanked Council and Staff for the opportunity to work with
them.

City Manager Comments

Assistant City Manager, Pamela Antil spoke regarding the annual Paly-Gunn
High School football game.

Study Session

4.   Request by Jay Paul Company for Council Prescreening of Preliminary
     Plans for Five (5) Sites within the Boundaries of the California Avenue
     Concept Plan: 1) Office Development at 395 Page Mill Road; 2) Public
     Safety Building/Parking Structure at 3045 Park Blvd.; 3) Public Parking
                                                                       Page 2 of 10
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/10/12
