                               MINUTES
The Supreme Court's decision in January 2010 allowed corporate spending
to influence the outcome of electoral campaigns. An Amendment to the
Constitution would allow Congress to regulate electoral spending by artificial
entities such as corporations or other organizations. Capitalism was by far
the best economic system but it needed to be protected against its own
excesses in order to maintain prosperity over the long term. A decade of
deregulation and inattention led to the 2008 financial crisis. The Citizens
United decision eroded democracy and placed the nation on a path of
gradual decline. This situation impacted the U.S. and specifically the City of
Palo Alto and its finances. The HRC Commissioners were swayed by Justice
Stevens' arguments.       At the HRC meeting, Commissioners discussed
Proposition 16, the Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) initiative on the June 8,
2010 ballot. He recalled the Council's discussion and action on February 1,
2010 regarding Proposition 16. The City spent $10 million on employee
medical costs in 2002 and that number was projected to be $27 million in
the current fiscal year. The relentless surge in healthcare costs affected the
amount of money available for other City needs. Insurance companies were
major obstacles to serious healthcare reform. Additional reforms would be
needed; therefore, the people needed a fair national debate on healthcare.
Residents of Palo Alto worked to limit carbon emissions and to use
renewable energy. Residents were concerned about climate change and the
possibility that the Bay's waterline could rise. Nationwide, powerful oil and
coal industry interests blasted messages stating that climate change was a
hoax; therefore, inaction was the best course of action. These powerful
interests also wanted to eliminate the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) among other things. Palo Alto was affected by this negative dialog
and the lack of action. The HRC hoped the Council would join cities in
California and across the country in passing the Resolution.

James Lee asked the Council to pass the Resolution so that other cities
would follow suit.    He asked candidates for public office to consider
disclosing all campaign funding voluntarily and Council Members to consider
moving City assets from big banks and endorsing independent candidates.

Mary Colleen Klein was involved with the Move to Amend effort in Campbell.
She obtained signatures of supporters in Palo Alto. The U.S. Constitution
was an attempt to balance the interests of individual citizens and
government. It was time to reset the balance.

Debbie Mytels stated the rights of corporations impacted the residents of
Palo Alto. Residents looked to elected representatives to ensure the rights
of citizens were not dismissed. Corporations with unlimited funds could
distort local decision-making. Amending the Constitution would not occur at
the national level without strong local support.

10/22/2012                                                     111-479
