                                MINUTES
employee groups and rising costs. He noticed that when they went to the
employee pay 10 percent plan that it cut $7 to 14 million from the ARC. He
thought that they should feel comfortable in that they were being fiscally
responsible. Also, if it was funded in a different way they would simply be
taking money from the Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR) and putting it
into another reserve that had less flexibility. They would not actually be
balancing the budget as it would have been funded by the reserves, which
was a one-time fix. He said what they did made perfect sense.

Council Member Schmid proposed an Amendment for purposes of discussion.

AMENDMENT:     Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to use the original assumptions included in slide 3 on packet
page 449.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Schmid said he was concerned about the current proposal.
He said that putting off or postponing did not help the City deal with the
structural problem that they had. Using Milliman’s assumptions took the
City back to where it was two and a half years prior. He thought Milliman
had completely missed the doubling of costs to retiree health that they had
experienced during that time. As Mr. Perez pointed out, CalPERS actuary
reported that they needed to lower the discount rate to 7.25 percent and the
Board voted no as that was too disruptive to the Cities that would have to
pay. Bartel’s proposal was practical, realistic, and painful, but it was a true
set of numbers that told the Council what it had to do. There was no benefit
to the City’s workers whose benefits were not being fully funded. There
were no benefits to the rate payers who in the future would be asked to
make up payments for retirees. He urged the Council Members to vote
against the Motion.

Mayor Yeh said he understood the sentiment expressed by Council Member
Schmid, but this was about trade-offs and ultimately what the City directed
its funds to support.      The CFO had recently met and shared the
considerations with some of the City’s employee groups and helped them to
understand that as the costs increased it had a long term impact on the
future reliability of any system or any predictability to pay out retiree
pensions and health. That was a context that would only grow starker as
the years continued. He heard what Council Member Schmid said about how
CalPERS itself was struggling through its own assumptions on what was
reasonable. As a result he did not know whether it made sense to move to
more aggressive assumptions than CalPERS. He said they went through the
process once every two years so there would be opportunities on an ongoing
                                                                             Page 8 of 28
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Minutes 4/16/12
