Council for approval.       He reported Staff had updated the General
Comprehensive Plan and confirmed all the relationship issues between the
developed and natural areas, so those development policies would continue
to apply to this and would be confirmed through the design review process
as required by the existing zoning.

Council Member Holman stated Staff had provided a lot of numbers to the
Council; however, the Council did not have the backup for where those
numbers came from. She asked if they could be provided to the Council in a
reasonable amount of time.

Mr. Fehrenbach answered yes.

Council Member Holman indicated it would be helpful to have a photo of a
digital billboard or information regarding its appearance and size, as well as
the basis for income potential from a digital billboard. She was interested in
knowing what kind of pressures Stevens Creek, with a number of auto
dealerships, and Burlingame, with an auto row, were experiencing.

Mr. Fehrenbach reported the rate of increase year-over-year had been far
less for Palo Alto than for Stevens Creek, Redwood City and others during
the recovery.

Council Member Holman asked if they were facing the same pressures that
Palo Alto was with Anderson to have freeway visibility; and if not, why not.

Mr. Emslie stated that Stevens Creek auto dealers, because they had a
significant amount of dealerships in the City of San Jose and Santa Clara,
represented a critical mass and was a destination, which would tend to offset
the concern that the factory had for freeway visibility.      He noted his
comment was not based on direct conversations with Stevens Creek or
Burlingame. He explained auto dealerships functioned much better when
they were clustered in larger groups of dealers.          He indicated that
encouraged car shopping and brand comparison, which was favorable to
auto sales.    He thought a large number of auto dealers with a fair
complement of makes and models offset concerns about freeway visibility.
He indicated Staff could reach out to some of the dealers to determine if
there were similar issues in terms of freeway visibility. He explained one
purpose of freeway visibility was to alert the potential car buyer to the
location of the auto dealer; however, the primary purpose was to be a 24/7
advertisement promoting the brand of the particular auto. He reported the
factory wanted that message to be exposed to tens of thousands of drivers
who use Highway 101 every day. He stated the constant reminder of the

                                  20                     March 26, 2012
