                                MINUTES
Scottie Zimmerman reported the donation fund for the Animal Shelter had
grown from $200,000 to more than $300,000 since April 2012. Volunteers
were working on items to sell to help finance the shelter. Animal Services
had 13 employees including 2 half-time employees. It was not reasonable
to say Animal Services was over-staffed. Volunteers were focusing on
raising funds to pay Staff salaries.


Luke Stangel was a founding member of Friends of Palo Alto Animal Shelter,
which was committed to helping the shelter balance its budget through
private donations. The idea that Animal Services could be cost neutral or
provide a profit was unusual, because each of the City's 15 Departments
operated at a deficit. Cutting $500,000 from Animal Services' budget would
result in a drastic reduction in services.     The Department operated
efficiently. He asked for time to allow Four Paws to raise money for the
Animal Shelter.

Kate Malatesta was also a founding member of Friends of Palo Alto Animal
Shelter. During the May 10, 2012 P&S meeting, residents expressed their
opinions regarding outsourcing Animal Services. The response times of
Silicon Valley Animal Control Authority (SVACA) and Silicon Valley Humane
Society illustrated the need to keep Animal Services open for the good of the
community. The FC added to the P&S recommendations to reduce expenses
and increase revenues. Animal Services provided a service and earned
revenue based on its level of manpower. There was no way to reduce Staff
without adversely affecting the current level of service. Fewer employees
meant less revenue. She hoped the City Council gave Animal Services a
realistic timeframe to become fiscally independent without also having to
combat the effects of staff reductions.

Judy Cook felt Animal Services were a crucial part of the Police Department.
Residents relied on Animal Control Officers to keep them safe in animal-
related situations. Animal Control Officers often worked full shifts as well as
on-call shifts. The number of Animal Control Officers was appropriate and
should not be reduced. Animal Control Officers knew the residents and pets
of the communities they served.

Gloria Jackson, a resident of Mountain view, stated the Friends of Palo Alto
Animal Shelter would raise funds to offset Shelter expenses. She was
disappointed by Mountain View's decision to withdraw from its agreement
with Palo Alto. She had used veterinary services at the Animal Shelter since
1972, and was happy with those services. Licensing dogs in Palo Alto would
be a source of revenue that would help keep the Shelter open. She invited
                                                                          Page 9 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/11/12
