                                MINUTES
      Structure at 250 Sherman Avenue; 4) Public Park at 350 Sherman
      Avenue, and 5) Multi-Family Residential Development at 450 Sherman
      Avenue.

Curtis Williams, Planning and Community Environment Director, gave an
introduction and discussion of the project, and the team from Jay Paul Co.
The project consists of five sites within the boundaries of the California
Avenue Concept Plan: 1) Office Development at 395 Page Mill Road; 2)
Public Safety Building/Parking Structure at 3045 Park Blvd.; 3) Public
Parking Structure at 250 Sherman Avenue; 4) Public Park at 350 Sherman
Avenue, and 5) Multi-Family Residential Development at 450 Sherman
Avenue. Eight members of the public expressed their opinions about the
proposal; including concerns over the loss of surface parking, additional
traffic, and the lack of need for additional parkland in the Sherman Avenue
area. Early in the meeting, a majority of the Council expressed concern over
the Sherman Avenue portion of the project. A consensus indicated that
those sites should be eliminated from present consideration, instead
focusing attention on the two sites to the south of Page Mill Road: the office
proposal and the potential Public Safety Building site. While Council
Members generally agreed the Public Safety Building was a significant public
benefit, several had some concern about the scale and massing of the
proposed development and its compatibility with residential neighbors. The
Council emphasized the importance of environmental review and the
associated traffic and parking analysis that would be a part of this review.
Given the sites’ proximity to transit, a well thought out Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) program was suggested to reduce the need for
additional parking. Council Members were split over the need to reduce the
height of the buildings, while most expressed the need for additional
setbacks from any residential uses. The Council offered other types of public
benefits that the applicant may wish to include in their proposal, such as
bike sharing, a pedestrian bridge across the railroad tracks to Alma Street,
and/or full financing of the public safety building. The Council asked staff to
further define the project’s conformance with the California Avenue Concept
Plan, while moving the project forward in a timely fashion.
Julie Meagher stated there were some safety issues with regard to a traffic
increase; the higher volume of traffic could cause unsafe conditions.

Pat Blumenthal thought the potential for the parking, as outlined in the
project, would cause anxiety for people and said the area where people were
parking may be unsafe.

Fred Balin suggested that Council give the public more time to comment. He
suggested Council, and other parties involved, take a more active
consideration of the financial benefits.
                                                                          Page 3 of 10
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/10/12
