                               MINUTES
Adina Levin, Co-Chair of the Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition, supported
making the trial permanent. She noted reports of increased numbers of
cyclists and pedestrians.

Nina Bell thanked Staff for the improvements and increased safety and
thanked the community for their input.

Robert Moss suggested lengthening the four-lane eastbound section past the
cemetery and synchronizing traffic lights. He felt the changes should not be
made permanent for at least two or three years to determine the impacts of
new home construction and spillover traffic in the Barron Park neighborhood.

Stephanie Munoz agreed with Mr. Moss' comments. She recalled the history
of improvements to Arastradero Road.

Joseph Hirsch noted the congestion on Arastradero Road. Redevelopment of
the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park and Clemo Orchards would create more
congestion. He suggested leaving the area as it was until the impacts of
those two projects could be determined.

Irvin Dawid urged the Council to adopt the P&TC recommendation. Roads
were not for the exclusive use of motor vehicles.

Council Member Holman inquired whether proposed improvements listed on
page 77 of the Staff Report would occur simultaneously or sequentially; how
the $450,000 grant would be applied to improvements; and whether the
project accommodated the affordable housing project proposed on Maybell
Avenue.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff recommended all improvements occur over the
next year. The main merges had been restriped and some improvements
were made at King Arthur Court. Staff wanted to remove the island at
Hubbart prior to the end of the year. The grant was specifically for the
Charleston Road segment. Staff needed to determine funding for the
Arastradero Road improvements.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff would evaluate the specifics of the affordable
housing project. Approximately 20 peak hour trips were associated with the
affordable housing project.

Council Member Holman asked how Staff would search for funding for the
landscaping of medians.


                                                                       Page 8 of 24
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/1/12
