The first risk management plan submitted used that table, and found the
result to be two-tenths of a mile.

Council Member Burt understood the first methodology had a program of
rounding up in calculations. He wanted to understand Risk Management
Professionals' scenario which evaluated higher volume mixes of the most
severe incompatibles and did not identify any offsite impact potential.

Mr. Mahar suggested he prepare an outline of the two assessments to
answer the question. He did not want to mislead the Council by speculating.
He believed his methodology was more accurate and applicable to
particulate releases of potassium cyanide.

Council Member Burt asked for the square footage of the plating facility for
the wet and non-wet process areas.

Mr. Denapi did not know the exact numbers, but believed the wet portion of
the plate shop was approximately 2,500 square feet and the prep area was
approximately 1,500 square feet. The acid storage room in the basement
was approximately 400 square feet.

Council Member Burt stated a wet area was open chemicals in tanks.

Mr. Denapi agreed with his statement.

Council Member Klein understood there was no such thing as no risk. He
suggested a scenario of a severe earthquake that breached the building
walls of CPI, such that there was no containment from the building, and the
chemicals mixed.      He asked what the risk was to the immediate
neighborhood compared to his house three miles away.

Mr. Mahar could not answer exactly because of variables, but it was unlikely
the mix of chemicals would spread in that much destruction.

Council Member Klein changed his assumption from an earthquake to a
terrorist who mixed the chemicals and breached the walls.

Mr. Mahar reported Risk Management Professionals did not consider that
scenario, because of the security of the facility. There were two meaningful
thresholds: living within the community, and codes and standards. If he
was not comfortable with living in the community, then he would
recommend his client make improvements.              Adhering to codes and
standards ensured all facilities applied best practices and were on an even
footing.



                                    20                          04/23/2012
