                                MINUTES
Council Member Holman asked Staff to make recommendations on how to
best engage with the Staff through daytime meetings or other means.

Council Member Price said the City provided goods and services to a
community that was invested in its success, both fiscally and otherwise. The
conversation included the public and needed to provide information so that
the public was more aware of the constraints and opportunities the City had.
She observed the discussion of leadership and organization had to work
within a political environment which meant the behaviors and engagement
of elected officials was part of the discussion. Everyone was responsible for
being thoughtful and aware of the kinds of decisions they made. The 1990’s
had “Reinventing Government” and she felt this was “Reimagining
Government.” She was interested in the delivery of goods and services in
the future and asked what the assumptions were related to that. She looked
forward to hearing from the pension specialists and panel on healthcare, but
also wanted to hear from people who specialized in looking at the evolving
workforce and its needs. Both she and her husband were retired public
employees, but the likelihood of their children working in the public sector or
for a nonprofit was small. She wanted a work environment that was
engaging for Generation Y. She asked if social media was being used to
work with employees that could not attend public forums or nighttime
meetings. She also asked to what degree the community was allowed to
make its opinions known. She asked if there were things they did within
their digital city that captured additional opportunities for civic engagement
and employee involvement.

Ms. Shen liked the idea of combining social media and the forum for
healthcare and pension. She said Staff would recommend to Council how
that might work. Work culture changed and people no longer worked at the
same place for their entire career and younger generations moved between
the public, private, and nonprofit sectors and contributed where they could.
The model where an employee stayed with an employer for their entire
career was changing and as the City attracted younger workers to replace
retirees they had to acknowledge that. The future workforce did not have to
look like the current workforce. The City had to accept some turnover and
that new employees and ideas were good things. The City wanted to
provide consistent services and continually improve, but it was acceptable if
employees contributed and then moved on.

Mr. Keene said that choosing to enter the public service workforce was the
barrier in many ways. As a member of the Board of the Institute for Local
Governments, one of the big initiatives they looked at on behalf of the
California League of Cities was about how to attract people to municipal

                                                                         Page 12 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/15/12
