STUDY SESSION

4.    City of Palo Alto Service Efforts and Accomplishments (SEA) Report for
      Fiscal Year 2011 Annual Report on Government Performance.

Jim Pelletier, City Auditor provided a brief summary of selected data,
introduced the National Citizens Survey and its key driver analysis, and an
overview of the Citizens Centric Report. He indicated the Service Efforts and
Accomplishments (SEA) Report was unique in that it was compilation of vast
amounts of data obtained from inside and outside the City. He reported his
office compiled the data in coordination with all Departments in the City and
complemented that data with outside sources. He noted some of those
sources included the National Citizens Survey, which was such a large
component that it was included as an appendix in the Report, the State
Controller's Cities Report, various U.S. Census Bureau reports, FBI crime
statistics, and various reports from the Association of Bay Area Governments
(ABAG). He indicated the audit team reviewed all this data and pulled out
what they believed best represented the overall performance of the City and
its individual Departments. The SEA Report was meant to be a tool for
elected officials, city management and the public to support effective decision
making. The Report was driven by performance data and was intended to
supplement information in the City's audited financial statements. The Report
was prepared annually to summarize the prior fiscal year. Due to the large
volume of data in the Report, he indicated his office performed limited testing
on a sample of data to verify the accuracy and completeness of the data. He
reported the Government Accounting Standards Board provided recommended
guidance for SEA reporting, and the Association of Government Accountants
had adopted this guidance and developed an award program for jurisdictions
effectively implementing the guidance. He noted the Office of the City Auditor
had received the Gold Award for reporting excellence for the last six years.
He explained the National Citizens Survey was a collaborative effort between
the National Research Center and the International City/County Management
Association, was a standardized survey conducted annually, and had about
500 participating jurisdictions across the country. This year, he indicated the
survey was sent to 1,200 households in Palo Alto with 427 completed surveys
returned. He said this put Palo Alto at the high end of the typical response
rates among the 500 participating jurisdictions. He reported the overall
margin of error was generally +/- 5 percent for the current survey. He stated
the survey focused on eight broad categories including community quality,
community design, public safety, environmental sustainability, recreation and
wellness, community inclusiveness, civic engagement and public trust. The
key driver analysis looked specifically at Palo Alto's results through a
statistical analysis and identified the services within the City that most impact
the residents' perceptions of the overall quality of the City. The key drivers
from this year's survey were public library services, police services, public
schools, preservation of natural areas, traffic signal timing, and city parks.

                                             3                      03/19/2012
