                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt said it was rounded up on the high end. The slide was
important. California Avenue had one third the volume and twice the
capacity of the other downtowns. He said that his understanding why the
street was four lanes was because prior to the Oregon Expressway it was a
thoroughfare across the tracks and had been for the better part of 100
years. He asked if that was correct.

Mr. Williams said that was their understanding and that when the Oregon
Expressway went in California Avenue was closed at the tracks but the street
remained four lanes.

Council Member Burt asked Mr. Gates if an urban designer was going to
design a pedestrian oriented small downtown with a dead end street if they
would ever design it with four lanes today.

Mr. Gates said they would not, that urban designers liked to slow down cars
and make everything as green as possible. They liked to keep it two lanes.
Generally they wanted to keep retail off arterials. He explained the Average
Daily Traffic (ADT’s) rate was greater than 5,000 then urban designers did
not place retail there.

Council Member Burt said that the current arterial was Page Mill Road,
whereas 50 years ago it was California Avenue. Council Member Shepherd
had asked about the grant and if there was an option for a four lane
configuration. He thought the answer did not address the history of the
grants. In Attachment D Staff talked about four different grant applications
the City pursued since 2004. It said, “All grant submittals pursued were for
two lane approaches.” He asked if that was correct.

Mr. Williams said yes.

Council Member Burt said that the notion of two lanes had been eight years
and four grant applications long. They had heard that the two lanes were
driven by the grant and the answer Staff gave almost seemed to imply that
it was. His understanding was that the conditions of the grant aligned with
what had been three previous grant proposals by the City and that was
through three or four different compositions of City Councils which all
supported the concept.

Mr. Williams said he did not know about the Council compositions but all the
grants involved two lane configurations.

Council Member Burt said there had been many misconceptions and
misrepresentations. Part of the question was if Staff was surprised that 55
                                                                      Page 43 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 7/23/12
