                               MINUTES
Mr. Williams reiterated that the City could not depend on shifting funds, but
it could have a more compelling case in requesting approval to shift funds.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff could obtain clarification on that point
prior to submitting a proposal.

Mr. Williams was unsure.

Mr. Rodriquez suggested sending a request for clarification to the County.
Rather than having an infeasible project, the more likely scenario was having
a funding gap in constructing a project.

Council Member Holman asked why ARB and PTC input was mentioned for
only one segment, and why ARB was mentioned rather than the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC).

Mr. Rodriquez explained Staff identified the area as an area of potential
community concern, because of the resident connection to the Stanford
campus. It could be any appropriate commission. Staff felt it was important
to note that, because portions of Stanford Avenue were within the City's
right of way and others within the County's. Any commission would want to
understand how the pieces related to the entire corridor.

Council Member Holman suggested the PARC would be more appropriate
than ARB.

Council Member Price expressed concern regarding potential funding for
elements that have been discussed but are not part of the proposal.
Funding for any elements of the proposal set-up the City for potential future
funding. It was important to maintain opportunities for additional funding
for elements of the concept or the broader implementation of the Bicycle and
Pedestrian Transportation Plan.

Mr. Rodriquez stated the application provided the City flexibility in funding
projects. If the City was awarded funds, then City monies set aside for
projects could be moved to other projects.

Council Member Price inquired when Staff would return to the Council with
identified gaps in the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan and funding
ideas.

Mr. Rodriquez explained Staff committed to returning to the Council twice a
year when the Council adopted the Plan. Staff would return in the fall with
an update on the grant proposal and additional resources.


                                                                       Page 14 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
