                              MINUTES
The Plan introduced a pedestrian element, helped to prioritize projects,
qualified for grant funding, and guided decision making to better integrate
bicycle and pedestrian accessibility throughout the City. It was consistent
with and supported the goals of the other chapters of the Comprehensive
Plan.

Deidre Crommie, Parks and Recreation Commissioner indicated the Parks
and Recreation Commission was concerned with obtaining non-vehicle routes
to parks and open spaces within the City. This Plan provided opportunities
for these routes and connections. She asked that a process include updates
to the Parks and Recreation Commission by the Transportation Division. The
Parks and Recreation Commission strongly supported the Plan, with one
member dissenting.

Public Hearing opened at 7:56 P.M.

Bob Moss stated the original proposal was to remove the barrier to the bike
path at Matadero. The barrier was constructed on the bike path to prevent
cars and motorcycles from using the bike path. If the barrier was removed,
cars and motorcycles would again use the bike path and cause accidents.
Another proposal was to install lighting along the bike path at Bol Park,
which he did not feel was necessary. The Bike Boulevard at Matadero and
Marguerite originally was proposed to interfere with traffic to and from
Marguerite. The Bike Boulevard could be realigned to allow for both bike
and vehicular traffic.

Robert Neff liked the Plan and its emphasis on connectivity. Many residents
were not aware of bike paths, because there was no signage. He was
enthusiastic about identifying routes and signing them. He encouraged the
Council to accept and fund the Plan.

David Coale urged adoption of the Plan. Use of bikes was good for the
planet by reducing global warming. He also urged the Council to fund the
Plan.

Jeremy Shaw supported the Plan.      He hoped the Council would fund the
Plan.

Andrew Boone biked everywhere in Palo Alto, because it was the fastest and
most convenient mode of transportation. Biking was not an alternative for
most residents, because streets were not safe. The Plan did a good job of
identifying routes. More people were biking and walking.




07-09-2012                                                          111-152
