    while significantly reducing pesticide use and toxicity. He stated thanks
    went to Public Works, Community Services and Utilities Departments, who
    worked together to reduce total pesticide use by 45 percent in recent years,
    created 12 pesticide-free parks and facilities, eliminated all poison rodent
    baits and insecticide sprays around buildings, established procedures to
    protect bee hives, and pioneered many less toxic pest control efforts that
    had been replicated in other communities. He stated this was the second
    time Palo Alto had been acknowledged by the State for its effort to make its
    public places safer for people and for the creeks which were impacted
    throughout the state by pesticide runoff. He stated on February 27, Caltrain
    would begin construction of the Highway 101 Auxiliary Lane Project between
    Embarcadero Road in Palo Alto to the Highway 101/State Route 85
    Interchange in Mountain View. The Project would widen Highway 101 by
    providing auxiliary lanes to allow on-ramp traffic to enter the freeway in
    their own lane and then merge into Highway 101 traffic; and would install
    ramp meters and new carpool lanes near the Route 85 Interchange. He
    said the construction would last approximately two years with lane closures
    occurring mostly during evening hours and weekends.           Staff reported
    Caltrain had mailed construction notices to all residents in Palo Alto living
    within 1,000 feet of the Project area. He said this information would be
    posted to the web site.

    Oral Communications

    None

    Minutes Approval

    MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to
    approve the minutes of November 21, 2011.

    MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Holman absent

    Consent Calendar

    Mayor Yeh noted a memo from Staff requesting that Agenda Item No. 10 be
    removed from the Agenda and rescheduled for Tuesday, February 21.

    Council Member Price advised she would not participate in Agenda Item No.
    8 due to a business relationship with One Workplace.

    MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
    Scharff to move Item #10 to February 21, 2012.

    MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Holman absent
                                    2                  February 13, 2012 
 
