materials as well as a method of controlling rain runoff. He said that the
challenge of meeting all the demands and goals was illustrated on the next
slide. He explained that if the City would completely cap the landfill right
away it would substantially increase the cost to construct an energy compost
facility in the future. Construction to create a level pad on the 10 acre site
would disrupt the completed cap and increase costs to create the pad and
recreate the cap. He said that in principle, regulatory agencies want capping
to occur quickly to protect the environment and because of this they would
consequently pressure Palo Alto to complete the cap quickly. He said that
another challenge is that Measure E proponents and some others may
believe that the current composting operation should be retained while the
City considers the new energy compost facility and others disagree. He
stated that the following are guiding concepts that ought to apply in this
interim planning period: 1) take actions now which preserve options and
maintain flexibility to the extent that is feasible; 2) minimize expenditures
while establishing a process and a timeline; and 3) allow the City Council
sufficient time to consider things and make decisions. Based on this, Staff
recommended a series of things. First, Staff recommended the City Council
approve the contract with Alternative Resources, Incorporated (ARI). ARI is
the consulting firm that did the feasibility study prior to the election. ARI
would help create a timeline and make suggestions based on its experience
with other facilities. There would also be a draft timeline brought to the
public and then back to the City Council. Secondly, Staff recommended
approval of a contract with Golder. He explained there was another contract
with Golder in the Consent Calendar on a separate but related issue. This
contract with Golder was for the preparation of a cap design document and
related tasks.      He stated that the approximate contract amount was
$213,000 and explained a portion of that would be to actually prepare the
plans and specifications for the cap. Approximately 50% would be to help as
the cap was constructed. Golder would help Palo Alto and the construction
contractor with the construction process. He said that those first two items
are a package and about 70% of the contract related to this work. He
explained the City had a closure plan but did not have actual construction
documents. The Golder contract would take off where the closure plan
ended. It would develop detailed plans and specifications that would be
used to go out to bid with for the construction contract. The other 30% of
the Golder contract was for environmental testing and regulatory work that
must be done regardless of when the facility is capped. There are two old
facilities that must be looked at for environment releases and soil
contamination; a co-gen facility that existed some years ago and the
Recycling Center which closed the prior week. Any contamination must be
isolated and identified and a plan must be formulated.        Those costs are
about 30% of this contract and could go forward immediately regardless of
other decisions. Based on this, he said the Staff’s recommendation with
regard to the Golder contract was to put it in place now but to hold off on
                                   6                     February 6, 2012
  
