                               MINUTES
meeting to ensure they transcribed the changes correctly. They felt that the
next immediate step was to take it to the CPAC.

Council Member Shepherd stated that included the composition of the CAC
and the preliminary site planning drafts of Cubberley.

Mr. Emslie said those would be discussed by the CPAC.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that they would then return to Council
for a debrief and for recommendations for further concepts.

Mr. Emslie agreed.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to: 1) accept the revised Cubberley Guiding Principles in draft form, 2)
forward to the Policy Advisory Committee the draft guiding principles, the
draft conceptual plans, and the review of the composition of the Community
Advisory, and 3) return to the City Council for approval of the above.

     1.   The meetings are to be recorded and minutes completed. (Costs
  of minutes to be cost-shared by the City and PAUSD).

     2.   Documents,      architectural   drawings and other  written
  communication provided to the Committees shall be made available to
  the general public as soon as possible.

    3.    The City and PAUSD are supportive of Cubberley remaining a
  major cultural, educational and non-profit resource very important to the
  community’s health and vitality.

     4.    The City and PAUSD seek to work cooperatively to explore all
  practical means to jointly re-use the Cubberley campus for both
  educational and community services.

     5.     The City and PAUSD recognizes that both entities have
  significant financial interests in the Cubberley campus which both parties
  should be open and sympathetic to the interests of the other party.

     6.      Both The City and PAUSD have ownership interests in portions of
  the campus: PAUSD owns 27 acres and the City owns 8 acres. The parties
  may consider relocation of its ownership interests within the site to
  facilitate optimal site layout and efficiency.


                                                                           Page 14 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
