Vice Mayor Scharff thought the problem was they were different, and that
was why he asked about a bond. He heard the City Manager's office say
that was basically a bond going out.

Council Member Burt asked to hold that discussion. He recalled the City
Manager said that the Public Safety Building would necessarily be a General
Obligation Bond, but he was not sure that was the case.

Mr. Keene assumed it was a General Obligation Bond as recommended by
the IBRC. He thought it got complicated as it related to discussing just the
one issue, because it had implications for subsequent issues. He felt a
discussion of only one issue would impact thinking on the other issue. He
suggested keeping them disconnected was a challenge.

Council Member Burt wanted a sense of voters preferences. He wanted to
know if voters preferred catch-up or the Public Safety Building if there were
two new taxes. He felt that would help inform the Council's decision. He
thought it needed to be on the table for Policy & Services.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add the following words in the Motion after
November 2012, “for infrastructure catch up and/or public safety building”.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if street catch-up was already in the
budget.

Mr. Keene stated the public might think catch-up on street maintenance
backlog was a 20 to 25 year process. He explained the increase in funding
two years ago reduced that timeframe to ten years to get all streets to the
minimum of 60 PCI with an average of 85 PCI, which would place Palo Alto
on the higher end of the street condition in the Bay Area Survey. He asked
if the City was two years into the ten-year timeframe or was that in addition
to the ten years.

Mr. Sartor replied as of the current Fiscal Year, the City was on its second
year of that funding level.

Council Member Shepherd stated that was independent of the $2.2 million
for keep-up, which Council had asked Staff to place into the ten-year
forecast.

Mr. Perez answered right.

Council Member Shepherd indicated that would be an additional $22 million
on top of the original $76 million deficit. She said the Council had not
                                  46                    March 26, 2012
