                               MINUTES
She referenced Program H2.1.1 on page 285, and inquired whether
increased heights would occur due to height exceptions and the density
bonus law.

Mr. Williams noted the P&TC modified language that incentives needed to be
developed in concert with a Density Bonus Ordinance. Staff was developing
an Ordinance to address the density bonus provisions of State law and
indicate where construction could occur.      It would be considered one
package, and would not double the effects of an increase in density.

Council Member Holman looked forward to reviewing the density bonus
regulations.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff added language from Program H3.1.6 in a few
policies and programs, so that construction was consistent with the
Ordinance.

Council Member Holman noted the RHMC recommended encouraging the
conversion of existing multi-family units to affordable units, because up to
25 percent of the housing allocation could be accomplished through existing
units.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff had performed any analysis of
the feasibility of converting multi-family units to affordable housing.

Mr. Williams did not know the feasibility with respect to number of units.
The Palo Alto Housing Corporation received funding to purchase a site and
convert six units on Alma Street. The Palo Alto Housing Corporation also
purchased property on El Camino Real and was considering a similar project.
Apparently conversion could be feasible for a non-profit housing developer in
limited circumstances.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to revise the verbiage in Program H3.5.1
paragraph to change “church” to “religious institutions”.

Council Member Price felt the program related to public facilities zoning
districts should be retained in the Housing Element. The PF zone and the
City parking lots were located near transportation corridors, retail services,
and support services and often adjacent to Downtown areas. They were
perfect sites for residential development. The original program made a clear
statement that the City was retaining existing parking while maintaining the
potential for additional housing capacity.



07-09-2012                                                             111-167
