                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams said they probably would, but that he thought Council would
see some of the Arrillaga project before that came back. He said they would
see the extent to which it was parked.

Council Member Shepherd said she was concerned about traffic and parking.
She said it was tangential and important for Council to review at the same
time.

Mr. Williams said they indicated in the Staff report that they would be
embodying that but whether it was actually part of the number on the cap
was to be determined.

14.   Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation that Council Approve a
      Definition of Carbon Neutrality in Anticipation of Achieving a Carbon
      Neutral Electric Supply Portfolio by 2015.

James Keene, City Manager, said the Staff was ready to answer questions
and that the Chair of the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) was present.

James Cook, Chair UAC said the item was about the definition. They were
not debating the pros and cons or items about carbon neutrality, but the
definition. Staff confirmed that this was the industry standard definition, so
for the UAC it was a short item and they felt the definition was good. The
definition did not preclude a later discussion about how to achieve carbon
neutrality or when to do it. This was the framework to start with and the
UAC passed it unanimously. He urged the Council to pass the definition.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
approve the following definition as the basis for the City’s pursuit of a carbon
neutral supply portfolio: A carbon neutral electric supply portfolio will
demonstrate annual net zero greenhouse gas (GHB) emissions, measured at
the citygate, in accordance with The Climate Registry’s Electric Power Sector
protocol for GHG emissions measurement and reporting.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that Staff represented that the definition was
achievable, credible, transparent and measurable as well as consistent with
current industry standards for GHB accounting and reporting protocols and
taking that representation to be true he thought it was the right definition.

Council Member Klein asked where the citygate was.

Monica Padilla, Senior Resource Planner, said citygate was where they
interconnected with Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E).

                                                                          Page 43 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
