                               MINUTES
neighbors.    The applications could move forward with the clear
understanding that the applicants that could not move in until conditions
were met.

Mr. Keene explained the projects could move forward even if exceptions
were not granted. Without exceptions, the projects could proceed with the
process if they provided parking. Practically, the Council would have to limit
occupancy until the project was parked or a TDM program was in place.

Mr. Williams clarified that only 55 parking spaces were exempt without the
moratorium. The rest of the project could be built without this moratorium
in place.

Ms. Stump suggested Mayor Yeh's question suggested potential actions by
the applicants as well as work by the City or third parties. Staff would need
to consider the idea and its complexities. Staff suggested there were other
ideas worth pursuing; however, the ideas were in the early stage and the
parking study would discuss them.           She expressed concern about
conditioning occupancy on ideas in early planning stages.

Mayor Yeh proposed continuing the Item to a date after the Planning and
Transportation Commission (PTC) had its scope study around the Downtown
Cap Study.

Ms. Stump believed that was one option. This particular piece of Staff's
recommendation did not have to go forward at the current time. The
Council could take it up at a later date.

Mayor Yeh inquired whether an exception would best be codified in a
Resolution or an Ordinance. If it were an Ordinance, the Council could not
take action at the current time.

Ms. Stump explained both Ordinances and Resolutions were legislative
actions of the Council. Staff believed the language allowed the Council to
proceed. If the Council did not take action, Staff would review it. The two-
step process contained a fair amount of complexity, and she could review it
to ensure the Council acted correctly.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:            Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to continue the discussion regarding exceptions to the Moratorium to
a date uncertain, Staff to return with additional analysis of means to reduce
the parking impacts of these projects, as well as clarification of Resolution
versus Ordinance as it pertains to moratorium exception.

                                                                        Page 29 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/10/12
