happy to do a nonprofit office. He liked the retail component because it would
bring foot traffic to the corner that was needed, so he thought retail was a
better fit. He said that they were happy to do either one.

Vice Mayor Scharff said there were components to the project, an office
component on the other three floors, ground floor retail, and a residential top
floor. He said that nonprofit was an office use, at least most of them were an
office use. Therefore, he questioned if the Applicant would be willing to put
the nonprofit on another floor beside the ground floor.

Mr. Smith said they offered to the PTC to eliminate five apartments and put a
nonprofit office on the fifth floor. They were reluctant to break up the floor
plates on the second, third, and fourth floors. They thought this would likely
bring a single tenant and for security and overall planning of the building they
would like to maintain the second, third, and fourth floor as office.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the charging stations were the fast charging
stations where a car could be charged in an hour, or if they were the ones
that took longer.

Mr. Smith said that it was a combination. The ones on the street were fast
chargers, called Level 3. The ones in the garage were Level 2. The thinking
behind that was that the people who would park in the garage would tend to
be there longer than the people parking on the street. It was two Level 3
charges and three Level 2 chargers.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he had questions for the Applicant related to parking.
He asked how much they would pay into the parking district for the one-to-
one exemption.

Mr. Baer said it was a proportion share of the total bond which covered a
parking deficit of approximately 9,000 parking spaces. He pointed out that if
they took only the TDM and proximately to transit deductions under the code
and did not take the one-to-one, they were still providing more parking. He
said they could eliminate the one-to-one exemption and still have exceeded
the parking required of the project, 164 spaces rather than 159, because the
159 derived from the TDM and proximity to transit.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he disagreed because the Applicant was not entitled
to any parking as far as he was concerned. The project was a PC, and it was
whether or not the Council made that policy decision.

Mr. Baer said that he did not mean to use the word entitled and apologized if
he had done so.


                                   15                    March 12, 2012
