AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

None

ACTION ITEMS

3.     Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee Recommendation.

Mayor Yeh stated this meeting was important for the Palo Alto Community.
He reported it was a significant issue for infrastructure relating to how
residents experienced the Community. He stated the City Council had long
been committed to an analysis of the needs, and the Infrastructure Blue
Ribbon Committee (IBRC) had stepped into this role wholeheartedly. He
reported the IBRC, consisting of 17 members, had attended over 200
meetings in 13 months.      He stated the IBRC's comprehensive report,
delivered   in   December    2011,    included  reviews,    findings   and
recommendations. He indicated there were many significant alternatives
and recommendations, and the City Council would work through these. He
anticipated tonight's Agenda Item would be a dialog between the IBRC
members and the City Council. He indicated discussions between Staff and
individual Council Members would continue at the City Council's annual
retreat. He felt the IBRC had provided an in-depth analysis of local needs.
He thanked Ray Bacchetti and Leland Levy for co-chairing the entire
Commission.

Ray Bacchetti, Co-Chair Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission, asked
permission to begin the presentation with a musical event and introduced
Leland Levy.

Leland Levy, Co-Chair Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission, sang a song
about the IBRC.

Mr. Bacchetti stated the IBRC defined infrastructure as everything the City
owned that did not move. He noted the IBRC had reviewed consultant
studies, data definitions, and budget priorities.      He stated the IBRC
recommended combining maintenance problems, replacing the existing
Public Safety building and two fire houses, and rebuilding the Municipal
Service Center (MSC).          He indicated preventing a recurrence of
infrastructure deficiencies was a major item and could take many forms. He
suggested the Council implement policies and practices for eliminating catch-
up, maintaining and keeping up, and planning ahead. By policies, the IBRC
recommended the City Council dedicate revenue. By practices, the IBRC
recommended placing an infrastructure status report in the front of each
year's Capital Budget Proposals. The IBRC presented several options for
funding infrastructure improvements and maintenance.



                                     2                           01/17/2012
