                               MINUTES
groups wanted to come together and finally agreed on what they wanted.
He thought the agreement was driven significantly by what each group
wanted. Downtown parking interests wanted to have parking spaces and
permits, whereas the residential group wanted not to have cars in front of
their houses. That was something for Council to keep in mind as it reviewed
the proposal. Staff had a different proposal at the time, which was to make
one side of the street RPP and the other side of the street 4 hour parking.
There were concerns amongst the residential group that the 4 hour parking
would be in front of their house. He thought that was why Staff’s proposal
was defeated. He was not sure that was what should drive the discussion.
He thought the Council needed a more comprehensive view so he thought it
was important for his colleagues to get a sense of what the meetings were
like.

Council Member Burt said they were calling it a trial, but it was not clear to
him if it was being tried whether or not they would have a permitted
program, the form of a permitted program if they were to have one, or the
area covered by a permitted program if they were to have one.

Mr. Williams said they were looking at a broader area than the trial but from
a management standpoint the pilot area was manageable and did not have
many cost issues. They were trying to determine what the balance was
between the residential component of the use of the streets and the
nonresidential component. In other words, assuming there was a restriction
on the nonresidential component, they needed to determine if residential
component was such that it would take up most of the parking spaces on the
street by itself, or would there be empty streets that could accommodate a
better balance of resident and nonresident type of parking. That was the
number one thing tested. Secondly they were testing if there was an impact
on the neighboring areas and to what direction it went and again, keeping
the area fairly focused they thought would minimize the impacts rather than
doing it on a larger scale. After the trial was completed Staff would return
with a program that better addressed the overall impacts.

Council Member Burt said that it sounded like the intention had some
elements of a trial and some of a pilot. The pilot being a reduced scale of
something that was anticipated would most likely ultimately be a larger
geographic area than what was piloted. The trial was both about the
formula that was used and also of spillover impacts, which intersected with
the pilot. He thought that laid out for Council what they were talking about
even if it did not provide solutions. He saw that Staff recommendation
number one in the third line said that within six months Staff would return to
Council with the recommendations for a permanent program. He asked if

                                                                        Page 22 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
