                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt was concerned that they had looked at Option G in
isolation. He thought it was a legitimate exercise, but wanted it in context.

Ed Getherall, National Golf Foundation said they had not done the sensitivity
analysis on the other three options. Many of the factors that could cause
stress on Option G would also apply to the other options. What they did
under the reduced round scenario was have the rounds come down to lower
than the projected Fiscal Year 2012, which was a very significant drop.
What they had as the expected base case stabilized rounds at 12,000 fewer
rounds and then they reduced fees by reducing the projected growth rate.
He said that when they discussed the average fees increasing by 15 percent
that was not every single fee. One of the things Mr. Richardson had
discussed was making it the type of golf course where there could be
segregation in the fees between resident and nonresidents. He said that Palo
Alto’s immediate competitive set was not spectacular, the green fees were
tightly grouped, and there was no one facility that really stood out. The
average green fee would raise 15 percent, but not every fee would go up.
Junior resident fees would not increase at the same rate as the fees for a
nonresident playing on a Saturday morning. He said the number one reason
that people said they did not play golf more frequently at the Palo Alto golf
course was a lack of interest in the course itself. He thought Option G
addressed that to the biggest extreme.

Council Member Burt said it sounded like that was included in the pro forma.
He thought he saw in the Staff report that there was reference to an
approval for certain amounts from the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority (JPA) contribution. He wanted to make sure that everyone knew
that had not been put through a final vote at the JPA. The other related
issue was that two months prior JPA had a presentation from UC Berkeley
that offered a scenario where there was gated tidal flow into the course area
and created actual tidal wetlands within the course. He said they were
interested in exploring using the configuration in Option G but with the
possibility that some of the native vegetation area in the vicinity of holes 12-
15 would potentially be gated tidal wetlands. Connected with that was the
possibility of three perspective grant sources, which would reduce the City’s
cost and enhance the environmental impact. If the opportunity occurred in
the coming months, Option G could be allowed for some of those marsh
areas to be tidal flow wetlands.

Mr. De Geus said that Staff had seen a few of the ideas that the students
had come up with. It seemed that Option G was most consistent with an
idea like that.


                                                                          Page 13 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
