                               MINUTES
contractual process with consultants. There would be an impact on Staff in
terms of spending time on short-term steps rather than on the long-term
study or some other component of their work program.

Mr. Keene appreciated the effort to find middle ground before making a
decision. Performing this short-term work within the context of the large
scale review of Downtown was not the best design for reviewing this. It
would impact the larger study in time, work and consultant costs. This
focused analysis could be utilized in the larger work. He preferred Staff
consume as little time and effort as possible on the Substitute Motion. It
would impact how Staff framed and worked on the larger analysis.

Council Member Klein did not support the Substitute Motion, because it
made the problem worse. He wanted to make a decision tonight. Changing
the rules would harm the Council with future partnerships. The Council
should find a method to replace the shortage prior to the projects opening.
The answer was not to impose the solution on two people who had acted
fairly and honestly.

Council Member Price would not support the Substitute Motion and agreed
with Council Member Klein's comments. She expressed concern about the
public perception of the Council's ability to make decisions. Deferring a
decision was not positive. She was unsure whether Staff would have time to
provide information to address the complex problem. Staff's time would be
better spent on the scope and implementation of the parking study and the
Downtown Cap Study. A vigorous TDM component should be considered.
She supported the original Staff recommendation as it would allow the
Council and the applicants to move forward.

Council Member Schmid understood Mr. Williams' preference was to obtain
the development cap and traffic saturation study in order to understand the
context. Everyone agreed that was an essential step. He inquired whether
the maker and seconder of the Substitute Motion did not want to interfere
with generating the necessary data.

Vice Mayor Scharff explained the Substitute Motion would not interfere with
the data being generated.

Mayor Yeh wanted the Item to return for discussion after the PTC Study
Session on the scope of the Downtown Cap Study. That scope had to be
defined to create a context for these projects.

Council Member Schmid felt Staff had articulated that.

                                                                     Page 32 of 34
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 12/10/12
