                                 MINUTES
Mr. Keene indicated      Staff   agreed   with   and   would   support      those
recommendations.

Mayor Yeh stated the Development Center and Blueprint Project was an
important addition to the Proposed Budget. He asked if full funding of the
Development Center would be achieved in FY 2013 or over several years.

Mr. Keene reported the Budget would contain significant one-time costs as
well as ongoing increased staffing costs. These costs would be covered by
fees collected through the development process. The Proposed Budget did
not reflect his proposal to separate the Development Services Director into a
Department outside of the Planning Department.              That could be
accommodated within current funding in the Proposed Budget.              That
proposal would provide some relief for the Director of Planning and
Community Environment. In the first quarter of FY 2013, he would present
budgetary reconfigurations that should have a functional impact, but not a
cost impact.

Mayor Yeh observed that the Budget process could begin the important and
difficult discussions. The timing of the Budget had allowed the Council to
continue the discussion of partnering with others to continue delivering
services in Palo Alto. Because these difficult discussions would become more
frequent, he felt there could be a proliferation of friend groups. He was
open to discussing how that model would work. He asked Staff to provide a
list of reduced services for the following meeting.

Mr. Perez indicated Staff would attempt to compile all information requested
such that the Council could have it prior to the meeting.

Mayor Yeh indicated the discussion was concluded for the evening. The
Council would take up the Budget at the next meeting on Monday, June 18,
2012. At that time the Council would take final action to adopt the Budget
and all related matters including the utility rate increases.

Council Member Burt returned to the meeting at 10:24 P.M.

10.   Public Hearing – Assessment for California Avenue Area Parking Bonds
      – Plan G: FY 2012-2013; Adoption of Resolution 9256 Confirming
      Engineer’s Report and Assessment Roll, California Avenue Parking
      Project No. 92-13 (For Fiscal Year 2012-2013).



                                                                        Page 21 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/11/12
