                               MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd reported that about 10 days prior she had
attended the Caltrain Joint Powers Board meeting. They worked on their
ridership increases based on the previous year. Palo Alto increased its
ridership 15.7 percent over the previous year which meant that there were
632 more riders at the University Avenue Station and 174 more riders at the
California Avenue Station. The only station that did better than Palo Alto
was Diridon, but they only increased by 507, so Palo Alto had about 800
more riders and she found that stunning. They attributed it to a variety of
actions taken by Palo Alto in addition to the Stanford Go Passes that were
implemented in January 2012.         Caltrain’s overall ridership was also
exceeding expectations and they were delighted that they had such a
healthy service going forward.

Council Member Price said that on Thursday April 12th she attended the
ceremonial ground breaking for the Berryessa extension project of Bay Area
Regional Transit (BART). Senator Dianne Feinstein was there and was
interviewed by Mr. Carl Guardino, the CEO of the Silicon Valley Leadership
Group. Mr. Guardino also announced that a new initiative for the Silicon
Valley Leadership Group was to address sea level rise and the implications
for the design of levies for the peninsula and south Bay areas. Also at the
groundbreaking was Chuck Reed and their congressional delegation, BART
Board Members, Alameda County Supervisor, Santa Clara County
Supervisors, VTA Board, former Governor Davis, former US Secretary of
Transportation Norman Mineta, and the VTA General Manager Michael Burns,
and the VTA Board of Directors. She said that it would be a great extension.

Council Member Burt said he wanted to add to the initiative to try to achieve
funding and plan for South Bay tidal flooding as a result of sea level rise.
The lead entity was the Gordon Moore Foundation and they had asked a
number of different groups to join them. Subsequent to the meeting the
San Francisquito Creek Joint Power Authority (JPA) had contacted the Moore
Foundation because their agency was actually the first in the South Bay Area
that had a tidal flooding implementation program. The construction that
they hoped to begin around the end of 2012 on the 101 creek flood
protection was both fluvial and tidal flood protection and was designed for
the forward looking definition of a 100 year flood. It was one of the first
programs in the country that was being implemented on that design, which
was the concept of the new initiative. He said it was important that JPA was
an entity that actually took on the responsibility of the tidal flooding from
north of Dumbarton around Marsh Road and then down into Palo Alto
collaborating with the City and the Water District. He said that they had yet
to determine what the City’s role would be.


                                                                          Page 27 of 28
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes 4/16/12
