Ms. French stated the ARB was very careful to focus on exactly what was the
park and exactly what was the area for the restaurants to use. She reported
there was two types of seating: seating for restaurants and cafes, and
seating in the park. She indicated the area of the park was 8,893 square feet
without the additional private seating areas for cafes.

Council Member Espinosa noted correspondence from Mr. Eichler and Mr. Hess
questioning the importance of preservation of these buildings.       He was
comfortable with the preservation of the buildings, but asked HRB to address
those concerns further.

Mr. Bernstein reported the detailed rehabilitation of the two buildings
convinced the HRB this would be a good Project from a preservation
standpoint. He stated the level of detail in the reports gave the HRB
confidence it would have the spirit of Eichler. He said the reconstruction,
rehabilitation and repair report provided confidence the Project would be
successful.

Council Member Espinosa asked the applicant to discuss the viability of
renovating the buildings as they were and trying to use them as commercial
space, and why that was feasible.

Mr. Tze reported the view of one or two buildings was blocked by another
building in almost every view of the shopping center in the current
configuration. He stated in retail visibility was paramount and without that, it
was very difficult to attract quality tenants.

Council Member Klein considered himself extremely knowledgeable about this
area, as he had lived within one mile of Edgewood since 1967. He had sadly
witnessed the gradual decline of this shopping center, until it was probably
the biggest eyesore in town. He asked what the number of parking spaces in
the new configuration was compared to the old configuration.

Mr. Williams answered there were 156 proposed spaces and 250 spaces
previously.

Council Member Klein inquired if that was a loss of approximately 100 spaces
to the housing development.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Council Member Klein asked if the 156 spaces met the City's standard for two
small retail buildings and one grocery store.

Mr. Williams replied yes.

                                            19                     03/19/2012
