                               MINUTES
if the decision of the Council was to move forward with the golf course it was
probably better to do it right. Therefore Option G made sense.

Council Member Schmid voiced concerns about children crossing the
highway to get to the playing fields during commute hour. He thought that
on the baseball field it was essentially only 13-14 year olds that went out
there. He stressed that it was important to make sure that the more
intensely used fields which were the neighborhood fields were taken care of.
He did not want to be in a situation where they were drawing on Community
Services or the Infrastructure Fund to pay for the golf course bonds and had
problems paying for neighborhood fields like Cubberley. He asked if Staff
had taken that into consideration.

Mr. De Geus said Staff shared Council Member Schmid’s concern. .

Mr. Betts said under the field allocation policy they strived to put the right
group on the right field. There were different categorizations of fields based
on how close they were to parking facilities, bathrooms, lighting, public
transit, and other factors. There was a great potential for adjusting some of
play the City currently had on Greer and moving some of the more adult
groups to the baylands. Staff was in line with Council Member Schmid’s
thinking and wanted to avoid causing problems in neighborhoods whether
that was traffic or encouraging kids to ride their bikes to places that were
not safe.

Council Member Schmid said that many of the fields smaller children used
were not City land, they were rented space. He said that the City’s ability to
maintain the rental spaces was critical.

Council Member Holman said other than at a tournament golf courses were
typically very quiet. She said that 200 feet was not very far and the
question of how the sound might be mitigated still lingered. She was not
sure if a berm would mitigate it. She asked if they had other information.

Mr. De Geus said it was a good question, but that they had not designed the
area yet. Mr. Richardson had laid out how some playing fields might look,
but they really needed another architect to come in and design the park.
There was a significant amount of thought that needed to go into what the
10.5 acres would be, whether that was three playing fields or something
else.

Council Member Holman asked if the playing fields would be lighted.


                                                                        Page 18 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
