     Bicycle Boulevard project.
    Remove the median island on Arastradero Road between Hubbart
     Street and Ynigo Way installed initially in response to neighborhood
     feedback as part of the first year implementation of the trial. This will
     require the relocation of the vehicle speed feedback sign facing
     westbound Arastradero Road traffic from the median to the sidewalk
     along the north side of Arastradero Road, but will better support left
     turn access into and out of Hubbart Street and Ynigo Way.
    Provide enhanced green bicycle lane treatments at key intersections
     such as Alta Mesa-McKeller, Coulombe Drive, Donald Drive-Terman
     Drive, and Gunn High School to provide motorists awareness as to the
     presence of bicycles, and to provide guidance for the cyclist as to
     where bicycles should position themselves. New signage to identify
     wrong-way bicycle riding is also recommended, similar to that installed
     on Channing Avenue between Newell Road and Lincoln Avenue.
    Design improvements to the El Camino Real & Arastradero Road-
     Charleston Road should be planned and coordinated with Caltrans to
     help improve travel time and bicycle/pedestrian safety across the
     intersection.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION:             Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to request Staff return to the Planning and Transportation
Commission in one year with an update of the status of Maybell Avenue and
cut through traffic to Green Acres 1 & 2 and Barron Park. Additionally to
share the information with the PAUSD.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION FAILED: 2-6, Yeh, Schmid yes

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that at the intersection of Clemo Avenue and
Arastradero Road Staff will improve the crossing with illuminated signs

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

10.     Colleagues Memo From Mayor Yeh and Council Member Holman
        Requesting Council to Pass a Resolution of the City Council of Palo Alto
        in Support of Proposition 34 (The SAFE California Act).

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to adopt
the Resolution in support of Proposition 34.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price Absent

9.      Policy and Services Committee Recommendations for Annual Council
        Priority Setting Process.

                                     3                       October 1, 2012
