                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh wanted to congratulate all of the Council Appointed Officer’s
(CAO) and said the combination of leadership was great. He said this group
of people contributed to the quality of life in Palo Alto. He had witnessed
employees work through difficult issues with a tough budget. Each of the
employees was willing to take reduced compensation. He mentioned the
Councils commitment to infrastructure and how it became an increased
priority. He also mentioned the high level of intellect in the infrastructure.
There was coordination and immense strength in Palo Alto.

Mr. Keene said government works in Palo Alto; Staff hired a lot of qualified
people, there were great CAO’s, along with people that moved up in
opportunity and expectation. He said this was a team and group effort.

20. Colleagues Memo from Mayor Yeh and Council Members Price and
Shepherd Regarding Youth Council Liaison.

Council Member Shepherd said Council adjusted their request to have a
Youth Liaison. The Youth Liaison helped prospect the Youth Council, getting
the group to give good input on Council agenda’s and to keep Council
informed on what was going on with youth in the community.

Mayor Yeh thought it was good to meet with the Youth Council and to hear
their input. He said the details of how the Liaison was going to come to life
were going to be informative. Council asked that, in creating the Youth
Liaison role, that steps be taken to expand the Youth Policy and Services
(P&S) Liaison to include the Youth Council as a Liaison as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff said more interaction with the Youth Council was good.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to rename the Council Project Safety Net Liaison to Youth Liaison
and expand the their duties to serve as the liaison to the City’s Youth
Council.

Council Member Burt said the concept was good. He wanted to encourage
the Policy and Services Committee to look at the best way to draw various
youth groups in the community together. He said they had a meeting every
year with the Youth Council but there were a lot of other youth groups; he
wanted to see the various groups become a Youth Council of some sort.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to direct Policy and Services Committee review in 2013 what would be
the best youth Council organization structure to communicate with youth in
the community.

                                                                        Page 18 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/17/12
