                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt wanted to ensure the electric vehicle stations were
covered.

Council Member Schmid felt consideration of a PC was challenging, because
the Council did not have general guidelines and worked application by
application. The applicant had done a good job of dealing with the parking
issue; the TDM seemed reasonable at 20 percent; and taking 25 percent of
the attendant parking was also reasonable. The west side of Downtown was
fully parked, and the parking garages there were full with waiting lists for
permits. The impact of at least 22 unparked sites was an exacerbation of
searching for a parking space. The key element was the in lieu parking fee,
which would cover the 22 spaces. The In Lieu Parking Fund had a balance of
$100,000 and the $1.5 million contribution would be added to that. He
inquired if those funds were dedicated to creating new parking spaces.

Mr. Williams responded yes. The applicant's $60,000 contribution would
partially fund technical analysis of four sites around Downtown for a
potential parking garage.

Council Member Schmid asked if the City had to wait for four or five more of
these projects before having enough money to move ahead, and what was
the timing of dealing with the deficit spaces.

Mr. Williams knew other Downtown property owners with existing projects
were interested in the project proceeding. He did not know how much
funding would be available with the Assessment District; the study would
determine this.

Council Member Schmid stated even with $1.5 million, the City would likely
have a period of five years of deficit parking exacerbation.

Mr. Williams did not know what that would be.

Council Member Schmid recalled the Council's discussion in March was not to
build housing but to take an in lieu fee to help build more or similar housing
at a different location. The cost of Below Market Rate (BMR) housing was
approximately $500,000. Rather than receiving seven BMR housing units,
the City would receive probably 2 1/2 units, located at a distance from a
transit center or shopping and walking facilities. He did not consider that a
benefit.

Mr. Williams reported the $1.25 million contribution was in addition to the
$850,000 housing fee, for a total of approximately $2.1 million. The City
had never built affordable housing at $500,000 a unit.           Non-profit
                                                                        Page 10 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
