is used for construction. This left 155 commercial spaces still required. He
stated that the Applicant requested a 30 Percent parking reduction on the
remainder, which was based on provisions of the Code. The provisions
allowed up to a 20 Percent reduction for transportation demand management
measures and up to a 20 Percent reduction for proximity to transit.       That
request would reduce the parking requirement to 109 spaces. There were 14
residential spaces required, which resulted in 123 total spaces. The Applicant
proposed 130 spaces and attendant parking. He stated that the project also
preserved the five existing stalls along the Alma frontage. Staff recognized
there was parking issues associated with the project. The project was set up
as a Planned Community. Council had discretion to look at this apart from
those adjustments or reductions. With respect to the transportation demand
management program, the Applicant agreed to a number of measures
associated with reducing the traffic and parking count at the site. The
primary measure was providing Caltrain Go passes for all of the employees
and residents of the site. The minimum cost of those for 70 employees is
$10,850, or $155 per employee. The Applicant had proposed this for all
employees for the lifetime of the project. The Applicant also proposed
attendant parking, a valet type of service, which would allow tandem spaces
in some portions of the parking lot. The Applicant suggested that would add
an additional 34 spaces, which brought the potential vehicle parking to 164
spaces. The Applicant also offered that 14 of the private underground spaces
would be made available to the public on nights and weekends. He said that
Staff thought the Caltrain Go passes and the proximity to transit were
significant. The Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) did a survey
in 2000 that the Applicant quoted in showed transit was more advantageous
proximate to office use than to residential use. Part of that survey saw about
a 42 Percent reduction in parking demand on the sites it studied. Mr. Alsman
had provided Council with a document that challenged the City’s California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) analysis relative to the parking. Staff
believed the document is legally defensible and adequate. He said the
parking itself was not an environmental impact under the law and Staff
disagrees that this project would have any significant impact on any particular
neighborhood. He stated that there were already existing impacts and that
the project would not help if it was under parked. He said that the issue was
not an environmental issue in Staff’s mind in terms of the deterioration of a
physical character of neighborhoods. He said that parking was a valid issue
for the Council in any Planned Community review. He explained that Staff
was conducting some parking studies and discussions with neighborhoods to
determine a more holistic approach which included future projects and
provided more protection to residential neighborhoods. He stated that Staff’s
perspective was that this project was an appropriate intensity and location
where the uses are appropriate. He noted that one of the first floor uses
could also be financial services. He said Staff had heard concerns from some
of the Council and the public about monitoring enforcement on a number of
                                   6                    March 12, 2012
