                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein did not agree with comments regarding submitting the
Housing Element with errors; that undermined the City's credibility. He
agreed that parking lots should not be omitted from future Housing
Elements. The Council should carefully consider the need for a grocery
overlay.

Council Member Holman understood from Palo Alto Housing Corporation that
often times converting existing housing was less expensive than building
new housing.       Affordable housing developers could sometimes buy at
advantageous prices compared to market prices. She supported Council
Member Schmid's comments regarding the loss of retail space. Many sites
had 100 percent ground floor retail. When implementing the Housing
Element and Zoning Ordinance, the City could lose a substantial amount of
retail space to office space.

Mayor Yeh suggested including a sub-regional approach in the background
areas of the Housing Element, because the current model was a regional
consideration of housing. He asked whether there was value in considering
a sub-regional approach, and asked for Staff's opinion of including language
in the current Housing Element.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff could include language regarding the City's
interest in a sub-regional approach. It would not make a difference in the
current Housing Element, because the numbers had been generated for the
next Housing Element.

Mayor Yeh was interested in Palo Alto being a leader of a sub-regional
discussion. Having language referring to a sub-regional approach in two
consecutive Housing Elements would help the City's cause. He suggested
including the language in Program H2.2, page 13 of the Housing Element.

James Keene, City Manager, advised having an affirmative statement
regarding the sub-regional strategy would be positive concept.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the City of Palo Alto is interested in
participating in a sub-regional approach.

Mr. Keene understood this would be a general policy statement. The
enumerated modifications to the Amendment addressed policy, except for
the substitution of religious institution for church. Staff would make the
remaining corrections.



07-09-2012                                                           111-170
