                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked him to assume that a person bicycled to the
neighborhood instead of driving and asked what he thought the net impact
to parking was.

Mr. Bennett said he thought it was more of an access issue than the bicycle
being in the supermarket.

Council Member Burt said that the bicyclist might go to the supermarket, but
if the bicyclist simply did not take an on street space because he bicycled
instead of driving, he thought that might increase the available parking.

Mr. Bennett said the way he looked at the bicyclists for the supermarket was
when he looked at the plan and bicycles were sharing the road with an
automobile, in the long run people became frustrated and they would find
other alternatives.

Philippe Lehot said he owned square footage on the corner of California
Avenue and Ash Street. He said that they were probably familiar with
Joanie’s Café, Know Knew Bookstore, Zen Garden, and Spalti Restaurant.
He also owned eight residential units above Joanie’s Café, which were the
only residents really on California Avenue. The people at Palo Alto Central
were not really on California Avenue. As a result he had significant feedback
from his tenants. Everyone loved the four lanes. California Avenue was
unique because the traffic was excellent. Trucks that made deliveries could
double park and there was no problem in general with traffic. The idea of
going from four lanes to two lanes was obviously an error. He said that two
or three years prior the City committed an error by cutting the trees without
telling the people of California Avenue. Studies made by the City showed
that the density on California Avenue in the near future was going to
increase tremendously, which was contradictory to the traffic study which
assumed that there would be no change in density.

Jessica Roth said she was a business owner and a College Terrace resident.
She asked for a trial for the lane reduction plan on California Avenue. A trial
would help work out problems that may arise from the plan.                 She
understood that it was difficult to see the benefits of the beautification part
of the project, but people were not worried about that. They understood
that the street would be more beautiful with all the gorgeous things the
proposal included. She said that they were worried about the traffic flow.
As a small business owner she said that working out the problems now
rather than later could be the difference between staying in business and
closing if there was a problem and people could not access the street. She
said that if they could work out the flow of traffic onto California Avenue
then many merchants would be happier.
                                                                         Page 53 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
