                               MINUTES
Mr. Williams noted this was discussed in the Zoning Ordinance update
regarding establishing commercial zones with mixed use. A certain amount
of ground floor retail was required to have mixed use.

Council Member Schmid asked whether it was retail or commercial use.

Mr. Williams stated it generally was not office. It was generally retail,
personal services, restaurant, and that type of establishment in most zoning.

Council Member Schmid inquired if most of these properties would have a
guarantee.

Mr. Williams indicated a guarantee of 0.15 to 0.25 floor area ratio (FAR). It
was difficult to move beyond the City's minimum requirement.

Council Member Schmid noted concern that neighborhood serving retail in
the South of Forest Avenue Phase II (SOFA 2) area was being replaced by
office space.

Mr. Williams reported some areas of SOFA 2 had a retail requirement on the
ground floor.      Those areas without a retail requirement had been
transformed.      Having the potential for residential above would help
financially to provide retail on the ground floor.

Council Member Schmid advised economically the incentives were weak. He
asked if Staff could estimate the share of neighborhood serving retail in
mixed use.

Mr. Williams did not have that information available.

Council Member Schmid expressed concern that people were moving into
neighborhoods where the amount of retail space was declining.

Mr. Williams indicated retail was not effective in all locations. Many factors
had to be considered when determining where retail space should be located
as opposed to requiring a minimum amount of retail space.

Council Member Schmid did not want to create neighborhoods that were car
dependent for services. He asked if Staff felt the amount of retail in these
neighborhoods was guaranteed.

Mr. Williams did not believe it was guaranteed, but the Housing Element
would not change it. Office conversion rather than housing was driving out
retail.


07-09-2012                                                             111-169
