                                MINUTES
would need approval from the Santa Clara Valley Water District.
Transferring funds between projects should be part of the application.

Andrew Boone thanked Staff for drafting the grant proposal in a short time
period. Staff had chosen three valuable projects for the proposal. He
expressed concern about the cost of the Stanford Perimeter Trail. The
length of the proposed trail was 3 1/4 miles, but part of the route had
existing multi-use trails. Approximately 1 1/2 miles of the trail needed to be
completed and was estimated to cost $4.5 million. The Palo Alto Bicycle and
Pedestrian Transportation Plan estimated paths to cost approximately $1
million per mile of new path. There was no conceivable reason why the cost
should be so much more. He expected the cost of filling in the gaps of the
trail to be approximately $1.5 million. He would like to see partial funding of
more projects rather than lumping everything into one expensive project.

Adina Levin, co-chair of the Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition, thanked Staff for
their work. Inclusion of the Adobe Creek Bridge was a highlight of the
proposal. She was concerned about lack of support for the connection of the
Ravenswood section of the Bay Trail. Even though it was not located within
Palo Alto, it added value to the Palo Alto portion of the Bay Trail. The Dish
Trail and Bay Trail were world-class recreational opportunities, and she
urged the Council to support those elements.

Council Member Shepherd asked Staff to explain the Perimeter Trail and the
$4.5 million expenditure for improvements.

Mr. Rodriquez reported the estimate of $4.5 million for the three segments
of the Stanford Perimeter Trail were based on cost estimate from recent
construction of the C1 and S1 trail segments. If projects cost less money,
then the County would determine how to spend any remaining funds.

Council Member Shepherd assumed the County Board of Supervisors could
fund portions of the grant proposal, and inquired about the County's
flexibility.

Mr. Rodriquez explained the County had complete flexibility in funding
applications in whole or in part. Staff was proposing projects that benefited
Palo Alto communities directly.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to authorize the submittal of a joint grant proposal with Stanford
University for “The Stanford and Palo Alto Trail Program: Connecting the Bay
to Ridge” in response to a call-for-projects by the County of Santa Clara for

                                                                          Page 17 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/4/12
