from a policy point of view, it would be extraordinarily difficult if not
impossible to absolutely represent the variety of opinions and experiences
within all the cities. She stated VTA allocated transportation funding and
promoted initiatives which balanced Land Use intensity and transportation
services. She thought they did that reasonably well. She said they made
an effort to promote transit-oriented development. She applauded Contra
Costa County for taking the initiative. She indicated VTA had not taken
positions that cover all of these points, but weighed in with the expertise
they did have. She concurred with the idea they could do a better job.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to:

1) Direct Staff not to request the VTA designation of the El Camino Real
Corridor and/or Downtown as Planned Development Areas (PDAs),
consistent with the recommendations of the Planning and Transportation
Commission and the Regional Housing Mandate Committee; and

2) Authorize the Mayor to sign a letter to the Metropolitan Transportation
   Commission (MTC) regarding the One Bay Area Transportation Grant
   criteria; and

3) Provide input regarding the City’s approach to the proposed Alternative
   Scenarios being considered for the Bay Area’s SCS (SB375), including
   directing staff and the Regional Housing Mandate Committee to prepare
   a letter to ABAG and MTC for Council approval on the Consent Calendar
   of March 5; and

4) Confirm Council support to retain economic consultant assistance (up to
   $25,000) as input to the letter and subsequent analysis of the Draft
   Preferred Land Use Scenario.

Council Member Schmid stated the Staff recommendation had four parts;
the first part was to endorse the recommendation of the RHMC and the PTC
not to request VTA designation of the El Camino Real and Downtown areas
as PDAs. He thought each group had endorsed Staff's recommendation on
this. He thought the letter to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority
reflected work by Staff over the last three months. He noted the third
element was to refer to the RHMC help in preparing a letter to ABAG and
MTC. He saw the goal of the Committee to be processing and integrating
the comments made this evening. He thought it was helpful to have
representatives of the School Board and PTC at the meeting to provide
input. He said the final part was a confirmation of up to $25,000 to hire a
consultant who had been working with other Bay Area communities on this
project. He thought it endorsed the direction the Staff had been working
toward. He thought there was a period of time in the next five or six

                                    30                          02/21/2012
