animals handled from the City of Mountain View and the other two regional
cities were lower, because Animal Services did not respond to unconfined
strays. She indicated if their calls for service and animals increased, their
percentages would increase.

Council Member Klein asked if those allocations were changed annually.

Ms. Stadler responded the allocations were based on actual figures.

Council Member Klein was intrigued by the huge difference in capital costs.
He thought $7 million was high even if it included service for Mountain View
and Sunnyvale. He stated a 10,000 square-foot building resulted in a $700
per square foot cost for construction. He asked what the $300,000 capital
outlay consisted of.

Ms. Stadler understood that SVACA currently did not have room to take the
additional animals. She stated their facility was quite different from Palo
Alto's in that everything was indoors. She thought SVACA had rooms where
they would need to install drainage and kennels in order to house additional
animals.

Council Member Klein inquired if the Police Department was involved in
barking dog issues.

Ms. Stadler stated yes. She indicated from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m. barking
dog complaints went to the Police Department. She said on-call Animal
Services was for emergencies only at night.

Council Member     Klein   inquired    whether   the   same   applied   in   other
communities.

Ms. Stadler indicated it was true in many communities. She explained most
communities did not have all-night Animal Control Officers and placed
existing staff on standby, because the number of calls for service greatly
decreased. She stated most municipalities relied on their Public Safety
Officers to respond to non-emergency calls, if they could.

Council Member Klein assumed most barking dogs were at night.

Ms. Stadler suggested calls were half-and-half. She stated they received a
fair number of citable complaints during the day.


                                      10                  March 26, 2012
