                               MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

16.   Public Hearing: Adoption of an Ordinance Approving an Amendment to
      the 1997 Sand Hill Road Development Agreement to Extend Lease on
      El Camino Park and to Remove Approximately 10.25 Acres of Land
      (Searsville and Fremont Roads) in Santa Clara County from Special
      Condition Area B to be Used for Central Energy. (Cogeneration)
      Facility.

Council Member Klein advised he would not participate in this item as his
wife was on faculty at Stanford University. He left the meeting at 11:23
P.M.

Mayor Yeh advised he would not participate in this item as his wife was a
PHD candidate at Stanford. He left the meeting at 11:23 P.M. He indicated
that Vice Mayor Scharff would run the remainder of the meeting.

Whitney McNair, City Consultant said that in 1997 the City of Palo Alto and
Stanford University entered into the Sand Hill Road Development Agreement
which covered land within the City and Santa Clara County. Before Council
was a proposed amendment to that agreement that involved El Camino Park
and an area off of Sand Hill Road located in Santa Clara County known as
Special Condition Area B. She said this was the third amendment to the
Development Agreement with other amendments approved in 2001 and
2003. Special Condition Area B was approximately 139 acres and was within
Santa Clara County on land owned by Stanford. The area proposed for
removal from Area B was roughly 10 acres and was noted on the Council’s
sheets in orange.        The Development Agreement currently restricted
development in that area to academic and recreational fields and associated
support facilities until December 2020, although it allowed housing on a
portion of the area. The proposed change to the Development Agreement
would change only the type of development allowed under the agreement to
academic and support uses, which would then allow Stanford to accelerate
potential development of the parcel by approximately nine years. She said
that Stanford was considering the site for a new energy center to replace the
Cardinal Cogeneration Energy Facility. Removal of the property from Area B
would not result in any changes to either the County’s 2000 Stanford
Community Plan or the General Use Permit (GUP) and would not approve
any development on the property.         The second part of the proposed
amendment involved El Camino Park. The City had an existing lease with
Stanford for the use of El Camino Park that expired in June 2033. In June
2011 the City Council directed Staff to see if Stanford would consider
extending that lease. Stanford proposed that in exchange for releasing
approximately 10 acres from Area B nine years early they would extend the
                                                                          Page 21 of 28
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes 4/16/12
