Mr. Keene recalled IBRC recommended a General Obligation Bond issue for
the Public Safety Building, and indicated that would be the likely path for
funding. He thought it would be a real push for the Council to make a
decision on the Public Safety Building by July in order to place something on
the November ballot, when it did not need to be on a November ballot. He
noted a General Obligation Bond did not require a General Election;
although, there could be pros and cons to being on a Special Election. He
reported the alternative was for the Council to consider these other revenue
options as being directly linked to Infrastructure versus general taxes. He
felt that had a big impact on the Council's schedule.

Vice Mayor Scharff thought the Council should tie it to catch-up and should
deal with the catch-up issue.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to refer the issue of tax funding options for the November ballot to Policy
and Services Committee to make recommendations to Council (including
considering tying an advisory measure) for infrastructure for a potential
ballot measure in November 2012.

Vice Mayor Scharff thought putting a measure on the ballot was the only
way to fund the $41 million for catch-up. He stated the Council had to
discuss that, and the issue was the timing. He noted the Council had to pass
a resolution by June or July. He felt there would be a great deal of work in
putting it on a ballot and deciding which tax to implement.

Council Member Holman noted the Motion did not include the language
catch-up, which Vice Mayor Scharff referenced as if it was in the language.
She hoped it did not belong in there.

Vice Mayor Scharff indicated it was supposed to be part of the Motion, that
Policy & Services would consider tying it to an advisory measure for catch-
up.

Council Member Holman asked if Vice Mayor Scharff's language indicated
that was just one of the things to be considered but the range of options was
open.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated he had not proscribed anything to Policy &
Services other than the fact they should consider this and make a
recommendation to Council.

Mr. Keene reported the catch-up piece was really the backlog of the deferred
investment in Infrastructure as identified by IBRC, which totaled $41.5
million.
                                  43                    March 26, 2012
