                               MINUTES
network to tie the City buildings together. He explained that currently the
City had leased circuits from the phone company tying together its voice
service. They estimated the City would save approximately $100,000 per
year by canceling leased circuits and moving the service to the City’s fiber
optic network.

Mr. Reichental added that the new system ran on the same technology as
the internet. Currently the City was constrained and unable to extend its
telephone system or wireless. When the City expanded in the future, it
would build onto the standard technology acquired through the project. He
explained this was the baseline phase and they were not implementing any
of the real cutting edge items immediately. Within 12 months they could
implement more because the infrastructure would be in place. He said that
there would be broader support for using smart phones as primary devices
and seamless wireless access in City buildings. He expected that any visitor
could connect on any floor as needed in the future.

Mr. Keene clarified that the project established a true network. That meant
when new facilities came online they would be able to be integrated into the
system.    One exception was the Cubberley Complex because of the
questions regarding the improvements and maintenance.

Council Member Schmid confirmed that the project would help facilitate any
moves if in the future the City moved the Utilities Service Center or the
Emergency Response Service to a different location.

Mr. Reichental clarified that Cubberley would receive new telephones but the
cabling was not going to be replaced in the current phase of the project.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve:

Agenda Item No. 15a: to authorize the City Manager or his designee to
execute contract C12144216 with Vox Network Solutions Inc., a Delaware
Corporation for a total contract price not to exceed $760,506.87 for the
following items:
    1. Purchase and implement an Avaya Voice Over Internet Protocol (VoIP)
       phone system.
    2. Purchase five years of maintenance and support services for that VOIP
       system.
    3. Select and execute one or more of the options listed in the contract.
    4. Negotiate and execute one or more change orders to the contract not
       exceeding 10% of the contract price for additional but unforeseen
       work which may develop during the term of this contract, the total
                                                                       Page 7 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
