                               MINUTES

Donna Grider, City Clerk, reported three action items would be on the
following week's Agenda if Item Number 21 were continued to the following
week.

Vice Mayor Scharff indicated Agenda Item Number 21 could be bifurcated
with part being heard at the current time and part the following week.

Council Member Holman wanted to hear public comments at the current time
on Agenda Item Number 21 and suggested it be continued to a date certain.

Mayor Yeh reported the City Council would take public comment on Agenda
Item Number 21 at the current time.

21.   Update of Parking Program and Review and Direction on Parking Policy
      Strategies.

Russ Cohen stated he would return the following week to speak on Agenda
Item Number 21.

Barbara Gross, representing the Downtown Association Parking Committee,
felt collection of data would be comprehensive and based on current
patterns.     She supported increased permit parking by immediately
implementing an attendant parking program as property and business
owners paid for the garages. The key motivation for the parking district was
to provide free parking for customers in order to compete with shopping
centers. She supported the investigation technological enhancements with
regard to online permit sales, directional signage and loop monitoring. She
had concerns about installing gate controls and the unintended message of
gate controls to customers.

Jeanne Moulton urged the Council to approve Recommendations 8, 9, and 10
in Staff's update. The Professorville problem was part of a larger problem of
parking economics throughout the Downtown area. Staff reported it would
take approximately five years to address the broader problem.            She
requested the Council and Staff provide temporary measures to ease the
parking problems in Professorville while larger issues were resolved.

Adina Levin indicated the Staff Report showed progress on a variety of
measures for parking in the Downtown area. The current pricing structures
and economic incentives had an unintended consequence of motivating
people to drive each day. The Traffic Demand Management Program (TDM)
investigation could include several economic incentives. She suggested
more tiers of pricing for parking.
                                                                       Page 21 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/5/12
