                               MINUTES
Ms. Stump explained the Council had enacted the moratorium on the one-to-
one exemption. That exemption did not exist unless the Council took an
affirmative action to create an exception.

Mr. Keene stated there was no exception. The Council could direct Staff to
return with additional analyses of means.

Council Member Holman noted the applicants could continue the application
process if the Council continued the Item, and inquired whether the
applicants continued at their own risk.

Mr. Williams reported continuing the applicant process was at the applicants'
risk, because there was a moratorium on using that particular exemption.
Unless some exception was provided, the applicants would need to comply
with the current Ordinance under the moratorium.

Council Member Holman noted the parking impact was 78 spaces.                 The
Council could not ignore the context and real impact.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to explain what work they would
undertake in the 90 days prior to returning with possible methods to reduce
parking impacts.

Mr. Williams reported Staff could produce short-term steps to provide
additional parking in Downtown. However, he was unsure whether they
could find 55 spaces or more, and how that related to other projects coming
online or in the process. Staff could determine some ways to either increase
supply or reduce demand, and would work with the applicants to determine
what they could do with regard to TDM approaches or other ideas.

Council Member Espinosa understood from Mr. Rodriguez that good
information about impacts would not be ready until the spring or summer
2013.

Mr. Williams agreed a meaningful comprehensive picture would not be
available in 90 days. The Council was directing Staff to determine short-
term methods to address most of the incremental deficiency for these
projects such that the projects could move forward.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether there would be additional costs
for this type of analysis.

Mr. Williams explained Staff would engage in the analysis and some of the
front work to compile good data in any event, because that was part of the
                                                                       Page 31 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 12/10/12
