                               MINUTES
Chuck Jagoda wanted to talk with the homeless advocates who reviewed the
rules adopted on May 7, 2012. Page 4, section 18, unfairly restricted
homeless people. It was another example of an effort to squeeze homeless
people out of sight with no forethought about where they should go.
Regarding the statement of no resource impact, there seemed to be a big
resource impact for those homeless people who used the outdoor areas.
These rules were an attempt to keep homeless people out of sight, out of
mind, and out of luck. The idea that the rights, needs or benefits of
unsheltered people were taken into consideration in the drafting of these
rules was not true. A more accurate description would be that the rules
made every effort to erase resources, visibility, and presence of people
without shelter. This appeared to be one more statutory effort to criminalize
and remove from view those who were not thriving in the economy.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

Council Member Holman advised she would not be participating in the
approval of these minutes as she was not in attendance at this meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the minutes of February 13, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0, Holman not participating, Burt absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Herb Borock thanked the City Manager for recommending the Council not act
on Agenda Item No. 7. Casa Olga received special consideration because it
was a convalescent home. The current proposal was to convert it to a hotel;
therefore, it should not receive any deduction in future years. The new use
should pay the normal assessment. He understood there had been a
previous amendment, and felt the Council should receive the original
agreement and amendment along with the Staff Report.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to continue Agenda Item No. 7 to a date uncertain.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
No. 7 as he had represented Casa Olga as their attorney.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein not participating, Burt absent

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5-6.
                                                                        Page 5 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/21/12
