Council Member Klein did not support hiring a consultant to find space west
of Highway 101 when there was not enough acreage or space.

Council Member Burt asked to what degree should the City review tidal-rise
impacts. He stated this type of long-term element increased the size of
infrastructure improvements.      He felt the City Council should discuss
integration of longer-term projects with the infrastructure recommendations.
He stated work with the Santa Clara County Water District and the San
Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority to resolve flooding issues could
affect decision-making and funding of infrastructure improvements at the
MSC and golf course. He felt there was no need to assume funds have to
come from normal infrastructure funds.

Council Member Shepherd supported right-sizing the MSC in order to meet
all needs as efficiently as possible using as small a footprint as possible. She
asked if it was possible to swap land on Park Boulevard to have things
closer, excluding Animal Services. She suggested commercial businesses
oriented to the Baylands, such as kayaking and bike rentals, rather than
auto dealerships.

Council Member Price indicated six or eight years ago there was a discussion
of combining some corporation yard activities for the School District at a site
jointly with the City of Palo Alto. She asked whether there was a partnership
with the School District in terms of relocating. She expressed concerns
about projects in concert or in conflict with existing policies. She inquired
about discussions regarding best practices in other communities where they
had successfully created partnerships directed towards civic facilities. She
felt the Council was beginning to make pronouncements and policy
directions without having a broader arena of information. She was looking
to use this as a foundation for organizing information to allow the Council to
be politically sensible, financially sensible and practical. She wanted a plan
for addressing this, including Staff's responses to the recommendations.

Mayor Yeh wanted to highlight Animal Services. He agreed with Council
Member Price regarding the need to break out short-term, mid-term and
long-term projects. He felt understanding the potential cost savings with
regionalizing Animal Services would fit in the short-term category. He asked
Staff to provide a report of efficiencies and savings achieved quickly.

Council took a break from 9:57 P.M. to 10:07 P.M.

Mayor Yeh indicated members of the Finance Working Group were interested
in attending the Council retreat. He asked for questions and comments on
Infrastructure Management and Accountability section.

Council Member Price thought it was critical to have accurate and
comprehensive information, and up-to-date and manageable data. She
                                      18                           01/17/2012
