                              MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez thought that six months was feasible. Staff started many
things and wanted to involve the downtown merchants and allow the
community to participate in what the content of the RFP would be so that
when Staff solicited cost information for projects or programs they knew
they were inquiring about things that were of interest to the community. He
thought that within six months Staff could develop the RFP’s. Six months
gave Staff the opportunity to meet Council’s expectations.

Mr. Keene agreed with the six month timeframe with the understanding that
Staff would return before then with more of a detailed scope of what it was
they were asked to do. He said that even though Mr. Rodriguez responded
to some of the initial requests he did not believe it gave them a good
measure of what the outcomes or percentage of the perceived problem it
addressed in whatever period of time. It could be a multiyear effort that
Staff would make progress on, but that progress would still be unseen. He
suggested returning in the fall with a more detailed report on what Staff
thought the timeframe was on the different components and what they
thought the yield was in relation to the problem. If they had to build
multiple parking structures that was a different issue than installing some
technology to update the existing capacity. He requested that they add
something to return to Council in three months. He wanted it to say
something about an assessment report. That was very different than having
implemented everything. Then Staff would return in six months.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO INCLUDE to direct Staff to return to Council
in three months with check in and return with an update before the end of
the year

Council Member Holman said that she hoped that within six months Staff
would return with a progress update and identified a better program for a
RPP.

Mayor Yeh said that his Motion was to remove the consideration of an RPP.

Council Member Holman confirmed that Mayor Yeh meant that none of the
exercises were intended to lead to a RPP.

Mayor Yeh said yes, that the Motion          did   not   include   the     Staff
Recommendation to evaluate an RPP.

Council Member Holman said that related to Downtown North.


                                                                      Page 38 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 7/16/12
