                      DRAFT MINUTES
The City Council took a break from 9:52 P.M. until 10:00 P.M.

18. Recommendation that Council Adopt the Draft Cubberley
    Guiding Principles, Confirm the City Manager’s Appointments
    to the Community Advisory Committee (CAC) and Review
    the Conceptual Site Plans Prepared Jointly by the Staff of the
    Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) and City of Palo
    Alto.

City Manager, James Keene said Staff was not requesting the
Council’s confirmation of the appointments, but just receiving the
appointments. Council directed the CAC be set up as a City
Manager appointment process so that it could be guided but not
bound by the Brown Act.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie said Staff was present to
follow up on the process Council established in late 2011
engaging the public, the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD), and its own legislative bodies to prepare for the
Cubberley lease which was set to expire at the end of 2014. He
recapped that the Council set up two committees. The first was
the Cubberley Advisory Committee (CAC), for which Staff
prepared a list of members that would be engaged in the citizen’s
advisory role.     The second committee, the Cubberley Policy
Advisory Committee (CPAC), was comprised of PAUSD and
Council Members. The CPAC members were Council Members
Shepherd and Klein, Mayor Yeh, and Board Members Barbara
Mitchell and Camille Townsend. It was anticipated that the CAC
would begin meeting in May 2012 and then the CPAC would begin
meeting in June or early July.     The complete work of the CAC
was anticipated to last nine months to one year. The timing
would enable the full Council to receive the input of the CAC prior
to any discussions with PAUSD on the possibilities of renewing or
changing the lease terms. The lease was set to expire at the end
of 2014, but both Council and PAUSD agreed to use a deadline of
one year prior to the culmination of the lease. The CAC input
phase would be completed prior to that one year mark, leaving
                                                                   Page 38 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
