Council Member Shepherd inquired if parking time at these stations would be
measured. She assumed the three parking spaces with EVs were included in
the parking spaces. She asked if there was a means to ensure that these
circulate.

Mr. Baer said cities were developing policies for this, because EV stations were
so new.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to ensure this worked for the shopping
center and the community. She thought the grocery store needed a lot of
renovation, and assumed new construction would be less expensive than
remodeling.

Mr. Baer stated both consultants identified the two retail Eichler buildings as
having historic character, and both consultants agreed the grocery store
lacked sufficient integrity from its period of significance to be historic. He
reported they were using materials that were compatible to and respectful of
the Eichler genre.

Council Member Shepherd noted the grocery store had been patched, such
that the Eichler integrity had been lost.

Mr. Baer indicated the structural elements of the grocery store and the size of
the building was worth preserving.

Council Member Shepherd felt this shopping center would be the first and last
stop for people traveling Highway 101. She asked if the current front and
back parking lots were separate.

Mr. Tze stated the north parking field could be accessed from the west side,
but not the east side.

Council Member Shepherd noted parking along St. Francis was allowed on the
housing side; therefore, there was no possibility to create street parking at
any point around that area. She thought overflow parking for the shopping
center would need to be close to the shopping center.

Mr. Rodriguez agreed parking along St. Francis was along the west side of the
street. He indicated bike lanes prevented additional parking. He stated there
were benefits for the Project to have limited parking for site distance to the
driveways; however, Staff had not reviewed that yet.

Mayor Yeh inquired why none of the units were included as BMR units.




                                            38                     03/19/2012
