Council Member Burt asked if the requirement for pre-registration for the
Mayor's Challenge could be modified to allow registration at the event if slots
were available.

Ms. Antil explained pre-registration was required to avoid turning people
away, and slots were still available.

Mayor Yeh understood from the YMCA that the public could come to any of the
sites and participate.

Council Member Burt suggested putting that information on the web site to
make sure people knew they were not guaranteed a spot without pre-
registration, but they were welcome to attend.

Mayor Yeh reported no public funds were being used for this series of events;
therefore, there was a $5 participation fee.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Winter Dellenbach spoke about the Gateway Project at Lytton and Alma since
she was out of town last week. Regarding the changing of retail space to
subsidized office space for non-profits, she felt she was watching a hidden
agenda of orchestration. She noted housing was eliminated because there
was not enough benefit to the wider community. She indicated this change
would narrow precious public benefits and provide them to neighborhood-
serving non-profit organizations exclusively.        She reported non-profit
organizations would receive incredibly valuable public benefits in exchange for
zoning changes so that they could reap more profits.

William Landgraf reviewed the recent release for Palo Alto salaries in The Post,
and felt the Council faced an enormous challenge. He said the Council needed
to get salaries and benefits under control. He thought the Council must
consider outsourcing and replacing EMT personnel with an alternate group,
such as those from Palo Alto Medical Foundation or Stanford nurses. He stated
the Council must initiate some realistic and constructive actions for EMT
services.

Rita Morgin stated she was a community gardener at the Palo Alto Main
community garden and a dancer. She stated all the Palo Alto community
gardens were lovely green spaces that needed to be maintained.           She
reported many people enjoyed these spaces including Mad Molly, who would
perform English morris dances on Saturday, April 21. She said it was a bad
idea to replace open space with roadways, it was not green, and it was not an
idea that supported Palo Alto's plan to be a green city. She noted other Mad
Molly performances in Palo Alto would occur on Tuesday, May 1, 2012, 5:30
a.m. at the Palo Alto Baylands, and at Bowl Park May Fit on Sunday, May 20.

                                            10                     03/19/2012
