                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein suggested Staff provide signage regarding the ban on
cooking implements.

Council Member Espinosa stated Lytton Plaza was located in a business
district, and the later start time was logical. Adding programs without
providing funding for Staff's additional work hindered the work of the City.

Council Member Burt inquired if Staff knew the recovery costs for the permit.

Mr. Anderson stated musicians performed in Lytton Plaza during the first-
come-first-serve hours, and no one had requested a permit in the five-
month trial period. Costs would include Staff time for review of permits by
the Special Events Team and for resolution of electrical problems.

Council Member Burt asked if costs could total $200.

Mr. Anderson responded yes.

Council Member Burt expressed concern that $200 for a permit would be a
significant amount for groups wishing to obtain a permit.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by
Mayor Yeh to retain permit fee at $90 (delete #4 from Motion).

Mayor Yeh inquired about the current City practice for permitting events
sponsored by the Youth Council.

Greg Betts, Community Services Director reported the City had a number of
different mechanisms to accommodate events offered by the Teen Center at
the Plaza. City-organized and co-sponsored events did not have to obtain a
permit.

Council Member Burt asked if the City had the authority to waive the fee if
the event was co-sponsored by the City.

Mr. Betts replied yes. For example, the chili cook-off event at Mitchell Park
did not pay a fee for the use of the park.

Council Member Burt stated waiving the fee did not automatically occur, but
perhaps the process was being put in place as the City supported these
activities.

Mr. Betts indicated Staff had reviewed a number of venues for teen concerts,
and supported opportunities for teen performances.
                                                                       Page 20 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
