                      DRAFT MINUTES
most of 2013 to engage in specific negotiations with PAUSD.
That left a full year before the expiration of the lease for ease of
adaptability in case there were budgetary or policy changes
resulting from the renewed lease. He reminded Council that to
the extent possible the Brown Act was adhered to. All meetings
of the CAC were open to the public and the public would receive a
chance to comment and be provided access to materials, much
like how Council held open public meetings. At Council’s direction
the draft Guiding Principles were prepared.            The Guiding
Principles were intended to reinforce transparency as discussed
by Council in its fall 2011 meetings. He said that because it was
a Staff appointed committee, it was not subject to the Brown Act
chapter and verse, but to the extent possible it was adhered to
with respect to the public aspects.

Mr. Keene added that he thought the main purpose was for Staff
to bring the Guiding Principles to Council because that was a
specific request made by the Council as a prelude to embarking
on the CAC meeting. He said almost a year prior they were
considering Foothill and its request to locate at the Cubberley
site. There was much concern and interest by various groups and
stakeholders in the community. Staff worked with PAUSD and
the Superintendent to begin sharing data and information about
population and school projections. He said that Mr. Emslie would
show that the preliminary site planning was all designed to be
draft concepts. They were sharing the draft concepts with the
Council because Council had requested Staff return with the
Guiding Policies and Principles. He said that Staff had envisioned
the Guiding Policies and Principles as resource documents for the
CAC. They took the different perspectives and how much acreage
they had and reviewed what could be accommodated. That was
the start of having the building blocks which enabled them to
deliver meaningful options for a future vision. He felt that was
important because of the work the City was doing following up
with the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC)
recommendations; Council specifically put the question of
Cubberley and its infrastructure needs aside. The IBRC made
                                                                   Page 39 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
