Mr. L. Levy explained ten years was a reasonable length of time to plan,
raise funds and perform a large amount of work.

Mayor Yeh asked if there was a measurement for sidewalks equivalent to the
PCI measurement for streets.

Mr. Sartor asked if the question was how Palo Alto compared with other
cities with respect to sidewalks.

Mayor Yeh stated the PCI system was helpful to understand needed
improvements, and asked if there was an equivalent measurement for
sidewalks.

Mr. Sartor was not aware of any metric for sidewalk conditions.

Mayor Yeh thought visual presentations were the best method for moving
forward on this area. He suggested Staff share strategies for visualizing
sidewalks.

Mr. Sartor noted Palo Alto had a more robust sidewalk replacement program
than most other cities, and performed more replacements per capita than
most of the neighboring cities.

Mayor Yeh wanted to understand the dedicated uses of gas tax, and if cities
had any flexibility in the use of it.

Paul Edwards spoke on behalf of Joe Hirsch, President of the Cardiac
Therapy Foundation.      He expressed concerns about the Commission's
recommendation that the City not renew the Cubberley lease. He said this
would have a disastrous effect on the tenants at Cubberley. He stated
Cardiac Therapy had been in business in Palo Alto for 40 years, and provided
information on their services and statistics regarding their clients. He
indicated finding other suitable rental space would increase his annual rental
costs, would increase operating costs, and would effectively close the
business. He did not support the need to deal with Palo Alto's infrastructure
needs by putting good organizations out of business. He felt the City should
continue providing space to worthwhile organizations and individuals who
could not afford commercial rates, so they could continue to provide
valuable services to the Community.

Mike Cobb suggested Cubberley was too significant to the Community to be
lost in the issue of infrastructure needs. He hoped the City Council would
ask for and consider public input regarding Cubberley. He stated Cubberley
meant a great deal to him as his family used it frequently. As President of
Palo Alto Girls Softball league, he said the facility was extremely important
to the league and to other sports leagues. He urged the Council to look at
the big picture, and to develop a win-win situation. He stated Cubberley was
                                     13                           01/17/2012
