    development of The Four Seasons in Whiskey Gulch, the Ikea across the
    street, and Mountain View's San Antonio Center and Charleston Plaza. He
    asked if these were developed from smaller parcels.

    Mr. Williams didn't think many parcels were involved in the Charleston
    Plaza.

    Council Member Schmid thought for decades Palo Alto had stepped back
    from big retail or commercial developments, and suggested it was an
    appropriate time to try to create some incentives in a place like East of San
    Antonio. He thought that made sense. He explained Charleston and San
    Antonio were the two east-west routes serving Palo Alto and Mountain View,
    and there were major developments along both. He noted the two streets
    met at the edge of a large parcel, which was a passageway. He suggested
    taking this parcel for development, and stated a traffic study could
    determine how a developer could make it into something attractive. He
    noted there was a garden store on the corner of this parcel, and asked if it
    was located on a Caltrans right-of-way.

    Mr. Williams answered yes. He noted it was leased from Caltrans.

    Council Member Schmid asked if that could be developed or if it was outside
    of the area.

    Mr. Williams reported the City had rezoned that, but it was a Caltrans right-
    of-way and the long-term plan was to make that into the main entrance
    from San Antonio southbound onto the freeway. He noted any business
    would be gone by the time that happened.

    Council Member Schmid inquired if there were any concrete plans to build
    that Highway 101 entry, because that would change the value of the parcel
    of land.

    Mr. William referred the question to Jaime Rodriquez.

    Transportation Official Jaime Rodriquez reported Staff had contacted the
    VTA (Valley Transit Authority) to include this as a project in the study of
    that interchange. He indicated the City had not advanced anything for that,
    but had put it in motion when funding was available. He stated there would
    be some sort of local match, and the City had to ask the VTA to help with
    the study. He said Staff was trying to get that going.

    Council Member Schmid suggested getting that study underway might be
    more attractive to more people.


                                   20                  February 13, 2012 
 
