                                MINUTES
raised sidewalks that almost paid for a trial. Doing a trial was an investment
in the relationship with the merchants. Many of the merchants were local
independent businesses that did not have a buffer like some chains. With
local business it was not just a business it was someone’s life so it was very
important to honor that. She did not think Staff felt differently. If it seemed
her suggestion was reasonable way to design a trial then Staff could meet
with the merchants and agree on specific criteria as to what would be
success. If agreement could not be reached on the criteria then the City
would continue with the plan. On the plan she agreed with colleagues and
thought it was a very good plan that would be successful and a boon to the
community. She was concerned about the relationship and the trust factor.

Mr. Keene understood and appreciated the intention, but he did not think
that it was the Staff’s role at that point to try to fathom what the outcomes
of a trial would be when they did not see what the benefit was. That was for
someone else to get more specific and let Staff know. He said they dealt
with this with the Council all the time. He guaranteed that if he brought
Council a suggestion of doing a trial on something with the amount of data
presented Council would request more specificity. He said that if it took an
additional five seconds to back out of a parking space the question was what
did that mean. He asked how Staff measured what that meant and said that
it was not fair to anyone to engage in a trial without more understanding of
what the criteria for the outcomes were because they would just be back at
Council again looking for more clarity that they did not have going into the
trial.

Council Member Holman said that she was perhaps not communicating
clearly because she was suggesting that Staff meet with the merchants and
have the merchants present what they needed to see to determine whether
they thought it was a successful trial or not. They were asking for input
from the merchants on specific criteria.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to direct Staff to meet with merchants to establish
specific criteria to measure success for a trial of traffic only utilizing the
existing parking configuration and striping that layout 15 foot wide travel
lanes, one in each direction, and 3 foot colored bands on the outside of each
15 foot lane, if measured criteria cannot be determined, the City will move
forward with the plan.

Council Member Holman thought the plan would be successful, but where
they were right now was about relationship, trust, and developing support in
an ongoing fashion with the merchants on the street.

                                                                         Page 66 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
