    million contract to build additional spacecraft. He felt East Meadow Circle
    was important to keep as an R&D and office area for Loral and other
    companies. He thought allowing housing to be built on East Meadow and
    East Meadow Circle was a big mistake. He said Echelon was a disaster
    because housing was located next to office areas and areas where they
    could use hazardous materials. He explained there was a plume under the
    Campus for Jewish Life than ran almost to the Altair property, and extended
    from approximately the commercial area along San Antonio almost to the
    housing. He explained parking was at ground level and housing was
    elevated to avoid contamination from toxic materials. He stated the toxicity
    was not high, but enough to worry about. With regard to San Antonio, he
    believed some of those buildings were valuable and important. He indicated
    a mosque would be located next to the Media Center and a Community
    Center for Moslems was also located in that area. He said the Council
    should preserve those areas, not redevelop them.

    Earl Caustin stated he lived on Louis Road just near East Meadow. He was
    confused by mention of whether or not that area would be zoned to allow
    schools. He asked the Council to have some more clarity with the public
    about how that land would be zoned. He said he had lived in that quiet,
    nice neighborhood for over 30 years, and he would not enjoy having a
    playground area for schools right behind his house. He was also quite
    concerned about the height of buildings immediately behind his land. He
    explained the 5-foot rise for the flood zone would provide a half story rise,
    such that a two-story building right behind his home would create a 2 1/2
    story building. He urged the Council to protect the value and the comfort
    that he enjoyed in Palo Alto of his home, as it made these modifications to
    help the City of Palo Alto.

    Patti Regehr indicated she lived on Greer, right in front of Barron Creek.
    She explained her house abutted Barron Creek and was lower than the
    creek. She said most of the houses were Eichler and had glass, and
    expressed concern about the bike path allowing riders and pedestrians to
    look into her backyard. She was concerned that people would use the bike
    path to access parking on her neighborhood streets. She proposed the bike
    path not be used by vehicles. She indicated another issue was noisy
    garbage pickups. She reiterated her concerns of privacy, parking and noise.
    She urged the Council to have a vision not only for economic prosperity but
    also for the community and neighborhoods adjacent to that.

    Public Hearing closed at 9:04 P.M.

    Council Member Shepherd asked Staff to respond to the League of Women
    Voters request to maintain housing in the East of San Antonio area.


                                   27                  February 13, 2012 
 
