Utilities Resource Planner, Jon Abendshein stated the work would be
absorbed with current staffing; although, it was not a single FTE. He
explained it was a single FTE's worth of work spread across Engineering, the
Building Division, Administrative and Resource Management Departments.

Council Member Price stated additional staffing resources might be needed in
the future, if this was wildly successful. She thought it met many of the
Council's goals, and she concurred with all the points made earlier.

Council Member Klein saw this as just one step to the electric utility
becoming carbon neutral, but felt that was an issue for later in the year. He
stated he had yet to find one person, not an energy policy insider, who
understood the term feed-in tariff. He said the acronym was not perfect, but
it was much easier to explain. He hoped this would abolish references to the
term feed-in tariff, because nobody understood what it meant.

Council Member Schmid thought this was a great program for reaching
green energy goals in an effective and efficient way at very reasonable
costs, and created real incentives to get the commercial sector involved. He
knew the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) did not like the name CLEAN;
he had trouble with that as well. He explained the Palo Alto Green Program
did not contribute to the goals and targets of clean energy, while the CLEAN
Program did not have a descriptive and was for commercial customers. He
stated the City was branding names with some community cache, and yet
people would have a hard time understanding who was in it and who was
not. He suggested that Staff choose names or brands that would be obvious
and clear to householders in Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked Commissioner Foster to speak on behalf of UAC.

Jonathan Foster, Utilities Advisory Commission Chairman stated the UAC did
unanimously recommend that the City Council adopt this Program. He
indicated the UAC was as enthusiastic about it as the Council, and thought it
was the right thing at the right time for Palo Alto.

Mr. Keene responded to a comment from Council Member Schmid. He didn't
want to leave anybody with the impression that this Program could not
potentially be extended to residential users in the future. He noted there
was a lot of discussion at FC about that. He thought the main point was to
build up the experience on the commercial side and the ability of Staff to
support it and understand what it took to put a project together and bring it
to fruition. He noted there was a lot of interest in ultimately seeing this
extended to residential, and he expected the CLEAN name would extend to
residential projects in the future.



                                     13                           3/05/2011
