                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt did not believe an Amendment was necessary.                The
City/School Liaison Committee could set its own Agenda.

Mayor Yeh stated the challenge was that the data would not be collected
unless the Council committed funds to pay the consultants.

Council Member Burt felt the existing data was a foundation for a discussion
with the City/School Liaison Committee.

Council Member Espinosa agreed the City/School Liaison Committee was the
appropriate Committee for the discussion. There had not been sufficient
discussion with Staff to determine what data to collect and how to collect it.

Mayor Yeh indicated significant improvements were still to be made, and it
was helpful to see the impacts of these improvements on neighborhoods.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION FAILED: 2-6 Schmid, Yeh yes, Price absent

Mayor Yeh suggested the City Council direct Staff to improve the Clemo
Avenue/Arastradero Road intersection to include illuminated signs.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff was committed to improving the crossing by
replacing the beacon.

Vice Mayor Scharff clarified that the Council would accept Staff's plans for
the intersection.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that at the intersection of Clemo Avenue and
Arastradero Road Staff will improve the crossing with illuminated signs.

Mayor Yeh noted Mrs. Penny Ellson's work on the project over a number of
years.

James Keene, City Manager, acknowledged Staff's work and community
input.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

10.   Colleagues Memo From Mayor Yeh and Council Member Holman
      Requesting Council to Pass a Resolution of the City Council of Palo Alto
      in Support of Proposition 34 (The SAFE California Act).


                                                                        Page 14 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/1/12
