Mr. Burns wasn't exactly sure. He thought the Facility was designed for
some growth, such as extra lockers. He felt Staff would not exceed the size
of the Building for quite some time.

Council Member Espinosa reiterated the Fire Report recommendation of
consolidating Stations 2 and 5 at a new, centrally located site. He asked
whether the relocated Fire Station and the overall Public Safety Facility
would be a combined facility, or would those be separate with the City
building two new facilities. He noted there was limited space to have two
separate facilities.

Mr. Burns reported the recommendation was to close Stations 2 and 5, and
design and build another facility further west. He thought that location was
not the best location because of egress and ingress to Barron Park. He said
a Public Safety Building was separate from that. He suggested having some
sort of paramedic or light response vehicle staged at this other building to
increase effectiveness.

Council Member Klein inquired how the Mobile Emergency Operations Center
(MEOC) changed the view of what might be necessary at the new Public
Safety Building.

Mr. Burns thought it was a great interim solution, and he appreciated the
funding that allowed them to design it such that it was one of the best in the
State. However, it was not a substitute for a Public Safety Building. He
thought it would suffice until the Public Safety Facility was built. He reported
it was a great platform and its technology could be upgraded. He suggested
adding the ability to work payroll and a variety of other functions from there.
He indicated it wasn't a solution for the long term without having a stand-
alone Public Safety Building.

Council Member Klein didn't recall the contents of the original program on
Emergency Operation Facilities, but he thought there were some in the
proposed Public Safety Building.

Mr. Burns replied yes, there was.

Council Member Klein inquired if the existence of the mobile unit reduced the
need for that in the new Public Safety Building.

Mr. Burns answered no, the City would want to have that capability in the
event there was a critical failure of the systems at that location; that would
be the redundancy Staff wanted. He stated the Public Safety Building

                                    29                   January 21, 2012 
 
