                                MINUTES
more. He was not concerned that there would be a rash of individual
properties with "D" overlays.

Vice Mayor Scharff supported the Amendment and agreed with Council
Member Burt's comments. The unusual circumstance was the zoning change
request without a project. The "D" overlay was the perfect tool to protect
the neighborhoods. Since the applicant had no concern with a "D" overlay,
it was important to include it.

Mayor Yeh supported the Amendment as it was prudent. He could not
imagine future applicants requesting additional Site and Design Review. It
was a Council decision to require this additional review.

Council Member Burt noted the applicant's and architect's intentions to
present a project that would have the exact same process as required by the
"D" overlay. Including a "D" overlay in the zoning would require the same
process for any other project on the same property.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-1 Price no

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

16.   Public Hearing: Approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a
      Preliminary Parcel Map with Exceptions to Subdivide an oversized
      Single Family Residential lot into two lots, resulting in parcels having a
      width of 55.845 feet where the R-1 Zone standard minimum width is
      60 feet; and Approval of a Negative Declaration located at 827
      Chimalus Drive.

Council Member Holman recused herself from participation in the Item,
because of the unknown potential for financial gain.

Council Member Burt recused himself from the Item, because of a personal
relationship with the applicant's family.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official reported the project site was a non-
conforming parcel located in a Single Family Residential (R-1) Zone District.
The existing lot was approximately 112-feet wide by 113-feet deep. The
parcel was non-conforming in that the lot area exceeded the R-1 Zone's
maximum lot size of 9,999 square feet. The proposal was to subdivide the
parcel into two equally sized parcels of 63.33 square feet, which would meet
the minimum site area, not exceed the maximum site area, and eliminate
the non-conforming maximum lot size. Subdivision of the parcel would
result in lot widths approximately 4.15 feet smaller than the minimum
                                                                          Page 15 of 34
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/10/12
