accident could be at a lethal level. The actions of CPI's consultant were
consistent with the regulations. However, he did not consider what might be
an accident with the worst possible outcome for residents. In 1985, there
was a fire in a plating shop; hydrochloric acid fumes were released, and
hundreds of people were affected and evacuated along El Camino Real. In
2008, a spill occurred in an alleyway between the back of CPI and homes.
He did not know how frequently tanker trucks filled with acid drove along
this narrow alleyway, but it made residents nervous. In case of a toxic fume
release during working hours, CPI employees were notified and had an in-
house emergency response team, but residents were on their own especially
during evenings and weekends. The consultant indicated many chemicals
had an odor, but that was not dangerous. That was not true for hydrogen
cyanide. CPI was just below Title XIX thresholds, but the amounts of
extremely hazardous materials were still significant. Accidents with offsite
consequences were possible. CPI did generate a significant amount of
hazardous wastes.       In a City that prided itself on ecological and
environmental consciousness, the Council ought to be aware that a
considerable amount of these toxic materials were produced as a result of
the plating shop operation.

Mr. Tuma urged the Council to adopt the first option in the Staff report,
initiate a zone change to prohibit plating shops within a reasonable distance
of residential neighborhoods, and commence amortization of the plating
operations. A loophole in current zoning regulations allowed the building of
the same facility in the City of Palo Alto. The business would be required to
provide notice, but it could build a similar facility. Residents would not be
happy with a 14-year amortization of the site. Given the circumstances of
the situation and in the interest of concluding the issue, he personally could
accept that. He hoped CPI would see that continuing to operate next to a
community was not a decision that made sense, and hoped they would move
the operation out of the neighborhood.

Council Member Shepherd asked residents what the distance was for full
disclosure when selling a home, and what the experience was for selling
homes in that neighborhood.

Mr. Tuma had been told disclosure was one-half mile.

John Anderson, a realtor with Coldwell Banker, indicated homes tended to
remain on the market longer, even though the market was hot, and values
tended to be slightly lower than the rest of the area.

Council Member Shepherd asked what was being disclosed to potential
purchasers.



                                     11                           04/23/2012
