for driving their cars was the wrong approach. He thought the right approach
was to make transit more convenient and easier. He said that the office
building near transit with TOD passes was great and where the City wanted to
go. He also agreed with Council Member Burt, and thought he had heard it
from Council Member Klein, that where the City ended up on the housing was
that seven people would win the lottery and get “penthouse” studios. That
was not a huge public benefit for the rest of Palo Alto. He thought they
needed to take some of that money and put it into the Low Income Housing
Fund. He said that he thought the nonprofit space for a downtown serving
nonprofit should be moved to the 2,500 square feet where the financial
institution would have gone. This was primarily because the Applicant did not
want to break up floors two through four. He stated that if there would not be
housing on floor five and the Applicant could do office space there, then there
would be enough money to pay for the Housing Fund, fully park the project,
and provide other community benefits.

Council Member Burt said he was not explicit on the amount of space for the
downtown serving nonprofit. He would like to keep that open for the moment,
but he concurred that it could be on the top floor.

Council Member Shepherd liked the direction the Motion was going. She
wanted to make sure that the developer had some certainty so that when it
came back with the approval of the initial study and Mitigated Negative
Declaration, then the adoption of the Resolution for the Comprehensive Plan
would not need to be addressed in this Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to approve the Initial Study and Mitigated
Negative Declaration for the proposed mixed use development at 335 and 355
Alma Street; and adopt a Resolution amending the Comprehensive Plan
designation for a portion of the site (335 Alma) from neighborhood
commercial to regional/community commercial.

Council Member Price said she was not really comfortable with the issue
because if there was a substantial modification of the project then the
Mitigated Negative Declaration and all of the work done would not relate to a
vastly revised project.    She said that if there were significant project
modifications, then there would have to be additional work on the
environmental issues. She stated that could not be shifted as it changed the
definition of the project.

Mr. Williams said he understood what Council Member Price said. He said it
sounded to him that what might substantively change is the loss of some or
the entire housing component. The intent of the Motion was that housing
became 10,000 square feet more of office it could change.
                                  40                    March 12, 2012
