not broken. He said that they had added the mid-year reviews and the
performance review process seemed to be functioning well so he was torn on
if something needed to be added.

Council Member Schmid said he was supporting the Motion but shared the
worry with his colleagues that they already had a complex set of information
with nine very different people doing the assessment and the processing. He
said that the final interviews were sometimes hard to focus because there was
so many different things going on and this would add another layer. He
thought it was important for the consultant to be aware of that issue. He said
that he knew Ms. Lund told Council that the information would appear as a
one to three page document, so he understood the processing was very
important and that Ms. Lund would focus on making the final go round with
the Council efficient and effective.

Council Member Espinosa addressed Council Member Burt’s question by
saying that they had talked about if there really was a problem that needed to
be addressed. He said that he raised the issue about how this had come to
Council before and failed. From his experience having participated in 360
reviews from several different levels, he found they were a valuable tool, not
so much in the evaluation of whether someone is preforming poorly, although
it could definitely provide information about that, but especially about the
coaching for issues that might arise or be forward looking. He said that it was
helpful to find out what colleagues think about CAO’s. He thought reaching
down in this modified version in a very limited way to get a pulse of what was
happening in each of the organizations could help the Council. He stated it
was valuable information that they had a very difficult time garnering in any
other way. He said that would be helpful in helping their leaders to be better
leaders. He said that he did not think this was absolutely critical or that there
was a Human Resources (HR) problem but he did think it could provide very
valuable information.

Council Member Holman added she thought there was a good review process
but that it was in an insular process. She agreed with Council Member
Espinosa that this was helpful not just to Council but to the CAO’s. She said it
was instructive.    Doing this kind of modified 360 could help preclude
problems.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that in the CAO Committee he originally voted against
this for many of the reasons that Council Member Klein stated and also
because he felt it was in search of a problem that he did not perceive existed.
Since the CAO Committee it occurred to him that Sherry Lund did an excellent
job of taking feedback and channeling it in a positive way. He said he came
to the conclusion that it was probably worth trying this and seeing how it
went. He stated he would support the Motion.
                                   54                     March 12, 2012
