                              MINUTES
would be greater for this employee group than for other employee groups.
By increasing the salary base, employees were increasing ultimate
retirement benefits. He inquired if his statements were correct.

Ms. Shen replied yes. Without the 3 percent addition to base pay, the
decrease would be much more.

Council Member Klein explained this was a means to have all employee
groups paying all of the employee share of the pension obligation to the
California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS).

Ms. Shen agreed that the City was moving all employee groups to pay their
share of the CalPERS contribution.

Council Member Klein asked whether all employees, with the exception of a
small group, were now on that basis.

Ms. Shen answered yes.

Council Member Klein was pleased to offer the Motion as it was a step
forward. He clarified that no employee's pay increased.

Council Member Shepherd noted the major change would affect the ARC
contribution in that employees would pay a portion of medical into
retirement. This would affect the City's balance sheet and the Grand Jury
report.

Council Member Schmid referenced page 355 regarding the City's 90 percent
payment of second highest CalPERS plan and page 368 regarding elimination
of the PERS Choice Reimbursement Plan. He asked if the PERS Choice was
the most expensive plan.

Ms. Blanch stated PERS Care was eliminated several years ago.

Council Member Schmid stated the PERS Choice would be eliminated on
January 1, 2013.

Ms. Blanch explained it was a reimbursement program to provide an
incentive to employees to move out of the most expensive PERS Care Plan.
The City was eliminating the incentive program.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether it referred to one of the five PERS
medical plans.

                                                                       Page 32 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
