                               MINUTES

Mr. Keene said there were many people who came to California Avenue that
would never know about the trial or what it was and it was not necessarily
going to be clear what was happening. Therefore they had to get to what
the outcome was that they were trying to measure for the trial to be
meaningful.

Council Member Holman said she would get to that. She said that if people
did not know there was a trial there would be no difference and they would
have proven there was no impact. She questioned what the problem was
with a trial and why her plan was unreasonable.

Mr. Williams said the issue was ultimately about what they were trying to
measure and what the success of the trial was. He said that they could do
what she was talking about but he thought it would create confusion and
that there would be a gap between the stripe and the parking and people
would not know what that area was. Someone could stop there and people
would try to go around on the right, which was not the way it would function
in reality. It was creating a false situation. He thought that ultimately the
merchants would say that the City had not measured the trial because it was
not really bringing the cars out as close as they would be to the travel lane.
It measured a situation that really did not replicate the proposed traffic
pattern.

Council Member Holman said she had a hard time understanding that
because it seemed to her that if there was a three foot wide painted barrier
it was not hard to understand.

Mr. Keene said the trial had been undefined. He had a hard time given all of
the discussions spending any City money in directing Staff to do any work
without linking it to some specificity about what outcome was desired. It
was hard for Staff to answer the first question without the second question
being answered.

Council Member Holman agreed with that. She said that comments were
made by colleagues about fear. Fear was a great motivator. However
people had come to where they were and she thought there was a legitimate
concern by many people. Since the California Avenue tree cutting was not
that far in the past there was the semblance of a trust issue. She also
thought that when things were off track in the discussions it was very hard
for people to hear each other. She knew Mr. Williams did a great job with
community members but it seemed as they had gotten off on a wrong track
and people were not hearing each other. She was trying to come up with
some way to connect the community and if they took out the mid-block
                                                                        Page 65 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
