4.   Community Partnership Presentation – Chamber of Commerce and
     Whole Foods Market.

Community Services Director Greg Betts introduced Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce Chief Executive Officer Paul Wright, mentioning to Council that in
addition to featuring local non-profit partnership initiatives, staff will
occasionally introduce local businesses who are working to make a difference
in the community. Paul Wright outlined the Chamber’s annual “Tall Tree
Award” program that features an outstanding professional, non-profit,
volunteer and local business. This year’s Tall Tree recipient for outstanding
local business is Whole Foods Market.

Whole Food’s store manager Mike Price shared with Council some of the
many ways that the company gives back to the community. In addition to
their active support of the City’s annual Moonlight Run and Chili Cook-off,
Whole Foods also supports local organic farmers, promotes farm-fresh
produce and works to provide school age children with tours of the store so
that kids can get a better understanding of where their food and produce
come from. Mr. Price also explained Whole Foods’ “5% Days” program. On
designated days throughout the year a total of 5% of the day’s net sales are
donated to local non-profit organizations. Customers help support our
selected organizations just by shopping on these 5% Days. A recent
recipient of these funds is Canopy and their tree planting program.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the minutes of December 5, 2011 and December 12,
2011.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to pull
Agenda Item 13 to become Agenda Item No. 17A.

Council Member Holman registered a no vote on Agenda Item No. 14.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5-12 and 14-17.

5.   Approval of Utilities Enterprise Fund Contract with Ranger Pipelines
     Incorporated in an Amount of $4,220,699 for Water Main Replacement
     Capital Improvement Program WS-09001 Project 23 and WS-10001

                                     2                           04/09/2011
