                                 MINUTES
Espinosa’s points were not reflected in the Motion. Unless those additional
expectations were in the Motion, the items were being asked for but not
required. He explained his support for the Motion was contingent on the
Applicant agreeing in concept to more substantive changes than merely
what they talked about of opening up the access to the courtyard. He asked
the Applicant if they were willing to address more substantive changes than
merely what was described earlier that evening.         He said this was a
Pedestrian and Transit Oriented District (PTOD), so the question was in that
district, did that mean Council was enabling development that was adjacent
to a pedestrian environment, but the development itself was not supporting
that environment other than locating workers and residents near a
pedestrian environment. The concept of the PTOD zone was both aspects,
that they put density closer to pedestrian and transit facilities, but also that
the structures themselves further the urban design elements. What they did
not have in the project was a greater public space that bred a pedestrian
approach. He said it was a mass and scale that was not conducive to a
pedestrian environment, but he did not expect great changes to that. He
asked if the Applicant had enough time to confer so they could answer his
question.

Mr. Jans said he thought it was difficult for the Applicant to agree to
something without knowing what that was.

Council Member Burt said he would clarify. He meant that the Applicant was
willing to address issues beyond what Mr. Jans stated earlier that evening
about the modifications considered conceptually to date, which was opening
the courtyard somewhat, and address some of the other concerns. He said
it was somewhat open ended and gave the Applicant some latitude in
response. Too little changes and the Council may not be able to make the
findings on June 25th, so approval dependent on genuine intentions to
attempt to address the issues. He did not want to attempt to stipulate
precise design changes and so that was what the Applicant had to work out
with Staff over the next three to four weeks.

Mr. Jans said it was difficult for him to respond to that.

Council Member Burt said if Mr. Jans did not respond, he would not support
the Motion.

Mr. Jans said he understood, but the Applicant went through the
architectural review process with the people that presumably should have
addressed the architectural issues. He was reluctant to bring design issues
to the City Council. He said the Applicant was willing to work with Staff and
discuss items that were discussed that evening.

                                                                          Page 38 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 6/4/12
