                               MINUTES
Sandra Slater felt the Cool Cities Challenge was a platform for the City to
review its sustainability through citizen engagement and green economic
development. Many environmental groups in the area agreed the program
could drive carbon reduction in Palo Alto. The program was an attempt to
quantify data and determine which efforts worked to reduce greenhouse
gases.

Carroll Harrington initiated and coordinated the Palo Alto Business Goes
Green for the Chamber of Commerce. She urged the Council to accept the
recommendation to issue a Letter of Intent for the Cool Cities Challenge. It
was the logical next step in implementing the Climate Protection Plan. Palo
Alto's participation was important to leading other cities to reduce
greenhouse gases.

Council Member Espinosa recalled at the prior discussion Acterra expressed
concern regarding the approach of the program and potential partners.

Ms. Slater stated the Cool Cities Challenge would be the business
development arm of Acterra, because Acterra would have the opportunity to
perform the retrofitting. After discussing the Cool Cities Challenge with
Acterra, they supported the program.

Council Member Holman expressed concern regarding Staff involvement in
the program, and asked for Mr. Keene's thoughts.

James Keene, City Manager, could not answer the question definitively.
Between the time of signing the Letter of Intent and submitting a proposal,
Staff would get a better sense of the amount of work involved in the project.
The program called for an intensive, sustained effort. Staff had always been
interested in achieving grassroots change; however, the program would
require more effort than program funding alone could provide. The City's
stakeholder groups and citizens wanted the City directly involved. It would
be inaccurate to indicate Staff could completely outsource program work
with available funding. The City had not agreed to participate in the
program yet, but Staff had expended a fair amount of time and energy in
preparing for Council discussion.

Council Member Holman inquired whether signing the Letter of Intent
implied the City would apply for the program.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council not sign the Letter of Intent if it was not
interested in pursuing the program. The Letter of Intent was an important
prerequisite to effective fundraising.


10/22/2012                                                    111-473
