                                MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd asked for clarification of Item Number 3 on page
140 of the Staff Report, which stated “the Policy and Services Committee,
each year at its December meeting, shall make recommendations about the
process that will be used at the Annual Retreat paying particular attention to
the number priorities suggested by Council Members. The recommended
process is to be forwarded to Council for adoption in advance of the Council
Retreat.”

Council Member Holman explained Council Member submissions were due by
December 1. The Committee would review the submissions and suggest
methods for expediting discussion at the Council Retreat.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the Committee would change
suggestions for Priorities or create the process for examining the Priorities.

Council Member Holman stated the purpose of the Retreat was to set
Priorities. The Committee would not change any submissions.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Committee would merge similar
submissions.

Council Member Holman felt the Committee might do that, but was sensitive
to keeping the original intent.

James Keene, City Manager clarified that the December 1 deadline was for
the subsequent year's Retreat, usually held in January. If the Committee did
combine suggestions, Staff would still submit a list of all original
suggestions. The Committee would expedite the subsequent work of the
Council.

Council Member Holman agreed with Mr. Keene's comments.

Council Member Klein felt the Committee would group suggestions without
changing the wording of suggestions. The intent was to organize Retreat
discussions. There were a variety of processes to be used.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether it was important to include
"during the year" in the definition, if the Council was adopting Priorities for
two or three years.

Council Member Klein explained the chosen Priorities had a three-year time
limit; the Priorities were not chosen for three years. Each year the Council
would decide if it wanted to consider a Priority for that year.
                                                                         Page 17 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 10/1/12
