Council Member Price asked whether subsequent applications by this
applicant would be subject to Staff review only if the Council approved the
process.

Ms. French said that was correct with the caveat that it was appealable to
the City Council.

Council Member Price felt there would be a growing demand for these kinds
of services. She inquired if Staff had reviewed the practices in other
communities.

Mr. Williams stated Staff was familiar with a number of communities, many
of which had requirements for Conditional Use Permits (CUP) and stand-
alone poles. He said DAS installations were not widespread, so Staff was not
sure how other cities handled them. He thought the dictates of federal and
state legislation required cities to handle them administratively with perhaps
an appeal process.

Council Member Price asked if other communities were addressing the policy
implications and formulating wireless communication plans in order to
address these issues.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff was surveying other communities to provide
information at the Council's workshop. He said the communities were
reviewing their regulations, but Staff had not found cities who were
preparing wireless plans. He felt Palo Alto was unique in that it owned its
owned utility.

Council Member Price thanked the Community, Staff and applicant for
providing information.

Council Member Klein provided background information on undergrounding
utilities. He recalled the City began the undergrounding program in the
early 1970s; the program had been financed by the Utilities Department to a
certain degree; and approximately 40 percent of the City had been
undergrounded.       He stated there were two reasons the City had not
undergrounded more area: 1) the City only co-owned the utility poles and
had to seek AT&T approval for an undergrounding district; and 2) all
completed undergrounding had been performed on the basis that City
Utilities paid for the undergrounding to the road and the landowner paid for
the remaining distance.        He reported several districts had ceased
undergrounding efforts once they learned the costs.


                                  15                   January 23, 2012
 
