Council Member Price said the issue of monitoring and reporting was
analogous to a mitigation monitoring program. She asked to what extent the
TDM program and Applicant would address inaccuracies in the plan.

Ms. Hughes said that in her professional experience the surveys done gave
them more information than just what was going on and what was successful.
She said that doing the survey year to year as a living document allowed
them to retool based on the information about what people were looking for,
what was working for them, and what they needed.

Council Member Price said in the Staff presentation there was a discussion of
contribution to the City Transportation Division for downtown parking analysis
improvements and expansion. Another element that was included in the
presentation suggested the possibility of $250,000 to fund a residential
parking program. She questioned when that modification emerged in this
project as an expansion of funding related to transportation.

Mr. Smith said that was a result of their meeting with the representatives of
Downtown North and Professorville. He said that the increase in funding was
a direct response to that meeting.

Council Member Price asked if City Staff was notified of the potential
expansion of funding contribution.

Mr. Smith said that he did not believe they had been notified in time. The
meeting was that morning, so that was a real time modification.

Council Member Price said one of her concerns was the parking and the
degree to which the TDM program with all its elements could address the
concerns.

Council Member Holman discussed policy issues this project brought to light.
One was the 50 foot height limit, on which there was no Council directive.
She said that the 50 foot height limit was a long standing City standard that
had broad community interest. The second was parking. The third policy
issue was the ongoing questions about the Density Bonus Law and how it
would be applied. She asked why the Staff had not brought the project to the
Council for policy direction.

Mr. Williams said projects go through the process and it would be difficult for
Staff to take the project out of the process to take it to Council. He said that
would have been nice to do, but he suspected the Council wanted to hear
from the PTC on the project too. He said the other option would be to come
first to Council, and that could be the first step in any Planned Community
                                   11                    March 12, 2012
