                               MINUTES
frequencies. With the size of these towers, most carriers would want to be
located close to the top.

Council Member Holman asked if flags could be located on the poles.

Mr. Tanczos answered it was possible to have flags on them.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the carrier equipment in the
shelters on the ground was visible from the public right-of-way.

Mr. Tanczos reported the data assumed the use of stackable shelters to
minimize the amount of ground space needed and accommodation of at
least four carriers. The resulting configuration was one shelter on the
ground in a 12 foot by 20 foot space, a second shelter stacked on top of the
first, and two more shelters next to it. If there was ample land, the shelters
could all be located on the ground. With regard to that specific site, he
could not state what was or was not visible from the ground.

Council Member Holman asked whether there was any reason not to have an
artistic or camouflage design on the box.

Mr. Tanczos indicated that was possible.

Council Member Holman asked if that tower shown on Slide 8 was an actual
proposed tower.

Mr. Tanczos stated that was one option. That was not meant to be a
proposal for the park site, but was to illustrate a mono pole for comparison
to the other options.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Slide 5 represented the current
locations of the 21 DAS sites.

Mr. Williams stated the slide did not represent the DAS sites, and more than
21 sites were being proposed.

Council Member Holman inquired about removing incentives for DAS, so that
the preferred application would be fewer installations.

Mr. Williams reported regulations prevented the City from denying DAS
installations except for aesthetic reasons.

Council Member Holman suggested larger installations could have a
streamlined process, while DAS installations would not. The City would not


06/25/2012                                                             111-103
