                                MINUTES
7.    Acceptance of the Long Range Facilities Plan (LRFP); Provide Direction
      to Staff to Develop a Financing Plan, and, for Biosolids, to A) Retire the
      Incinerators; B) Prepare a Biosolids Facility Plan; and C) Coordinate
      Biosolids Options with the Energy/Compost Facility Evaluation;
      Regional Water Quality Control Plant CIP WQCP 10001.

8.    Energy/Compost Facility Action Plan Presentation; and Approval of
      Amendment No. 2 to Contract C11136602 with Alternative Resources,
      Inc. in the Amount of $290,224 for a Total Amount Not to Exceed
      $517,682 for Assistance with the Energy/Compost Facility Action Plan
      Implementation and Adoption of Budget Amendment Ordinance.

Mayor Yeh announced that Item Nos. 7 and 8 would be discussed together
and a member of the public could speak to both at the same time.

Mike Sartor, Director of Public Works summarized Staff recommendations.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Public Works noted Item Number 7 was
presented in a Study Session a few weeks earlier. The Long Range Facilities
Plan (LRFP) considered facilities needed for the next 50 years. The concept
was to renovate and replace facilities. A major component of the renovation
category was incinerators, which would cost $90 million. Potential future
regulatory requirements could result in an expenditure of $150 million. Staff
would identify the needs for renovation and future regulations; confirm plant
sizes were sufficient; optimize energy use; minimize expenditures; and
protect human health and the environment. Without a LRFP to sequence
these projects over time, the City could construct one project in one location
which would be negative to another needed project. The newest parts of the
plant were 40 years old, and exceeded the design life envisioned for all
facilities. Extreme wear was visible in incinerators. Certain projects had to
take place in the immediate future. Staff needed to coordinate with the
energy/compost work. Palo Alto could be a leader in the future with respect
to using wastewater as a resource, while minimizing greenhouse gas and
carbon dioxide production. A biosolids facility was the most pressing need in
terms of facilities. Staff had not prepared a financing plan. Voters approved
Measure E, the energy/compost measure, which undedicated 10 acres of
Byxbee Park for a period of ten years while the Council considered action on
the Energy/Compost Facility. The landfill closed to the public in July 2011;
the compost facility closed in April 2012; and the recycling center closed
February 1, 2012. The household hazardous waste facility remained open,
and Staff would return to the Council for more action in the coming months.
A total of 43 acres associated with the landfill could now be used by the
public.



07-02-2012                                                               111-127
