                               MINUTES
employee culture, productivity, and engagement. There were more details
on California Public Employees' Pension Reform Act (PEPRA) that remained
unclear and were being studied. Staff believed that by November they
would be able to provide more informed results. Managing costs was very
important but was only a means to an end. The end was determining how
the City supported a high quality of life with the resources it had. He said
they needed to determine how they supported and maintained a committed
and competent City Staff. Generally there were things that were clear such
as the City would have fewer employees on Staff in the future. Some of that
was because the embedded costs of fulltime staff were significant. That
meant that how the City recruited and maintained Staff was an important
factor. He stressed the importance of public/private partnerships. He said
that the kind of governmental organizations that evolved over time had to
adapt in order to ensure they could provide value to the community and the
City employees. That required a more flexible, less bureaucratic atmosphere
that was clearly focused on responsibilities and outcomes. Staff’s goal for
the Council Meeting was for the Council, Staff, and the community to
understand the issues. Benefits and cost cutting were not the sole focus
even though those decisions were necessary. The slowness of the cost
savings that accrued on the pension side would not relieve the City of the
pressures. Lastly he thought that the City needed to look at fiscal and tax
reform in conjunction with what they did on the cost side. They would see
that they had to manage costs and how they were constrained by the State.
At the same time the City was also constrained by the State and what they
could do on the revenue side.

Kathryn Shen, Chief People Officer, said Human Resources was passionate
about how the City attracted and maintained talented employees. They
faced economic and social pressures as employment costs had grown in
terms of pension and healthcare and that was in large part due to the
generous CalPERS enhancements that were offered over the years. The City
had a legacy of being in the CalPERS system and did not have any
alternatives like San Diego, San Francisco, and San Jose.

Mr. Keene believed what Ms. Shen meant was that the other cities had
independent pension systems. They had to go to their voters, but Palo Alto
was part of the statewide system.

Ms. Shen agreed. She stated they were pressured to decrease the number
of employees which could lead to fewer City services and a reduction of
funds into the system. That was a value judgment the City needed to make
about what kind of services it wanted to offer with its core employees.
There were a greater number of retirees than active employees. Retirees
lived longer lives and could live 20 to 40 years after retirement. The fastest
                                                                         Page 5 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
