of organizations on page 18-15 did not include the VA Hospital. On page 18-
40, figure 1, he noted three soft-story buildings in Barron Park (on Los
Robles, Vista and Military) and over 40 unreinforced masonry buildings were
not included.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to pull Agenda Item No. 5 (Adoption of a Resolution Approving the
City of Palo Alto Annex to the Santa Clara County Annex to the 2010
Association of Bay Area Governments Local Hazard Mitigation Plan “Taming
Natural Disasters” to be heard at an undetermined Council date.

Council Member Burt had some concerns with whether the Council had
addressed all of the issues in this Item. As Mr. Moss discussed errors, he
could see that there were some significant factual and substantive changes
that should be considered.

Council Member Holman stated her concerns were very similar to Council
Member Burt.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

City Manager, James Keene didn't think it needed to be part of the Motion,
but asked Council Members to assume a certain timeframe in advance for
submitting questions or comments to allow Staff to provide as complete a
report as possible.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 6-15.

5.   Adoption of a Resolution Approving the City of Palo Alto Annex to the
     Santa Clara County Annex to the 2010 Association of Bay Area
     Governments Local Hazard Mitigation Plan “Taming Natural Disasters”.

6.   Approval of Permanent Retention of North California Avenue Safe
     Routes to School/Traffic Calming Project.

7.   Elimination and Defunding of Capital Improvement Program Project
     PF-12005 (Council Conference Room Renovation); Approval of Capital
     Improvement Program Project PE-12017 (City Hall First Floor
     Renovation); Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5143 in the
     Amount of $189,000; and Approval of a Contract with WMB Architects,
     Inc. in the Amount of $178,717 for Design of the City Hall First Floor
     Renovation Project.

8.   Approval of Agreement with County of Santa Clara to provide Point of
     Dispensing Equipment to the City of Palo Alto to Assist the City’s

                                    7                           3/05/2011
