INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to amend the language in the Record of Land Use
Action, Section 6-Conditions of Approval, No. 4, to indicate that backup
batteries are a requirement subject to FCC and other applicable rules and
guidelines.

Council Member Holman asked Council Member Burt if he was saying that
the battery cabinet would be a requirement.

Council Member Burt answered yes, that it would be become a requirement
subject to FCC and other legal guidelines.     He indicated Condition 5
remained the same.

Council Member Espinosa stated the Council was moving forward with a
comprehensive plan for wireless across the City. He noted the Council could
not mandate because it was restricted by federal laws. He felt progress had
been made since the beginning of this project.        He was excited that
coverage would meet the expectations of residents. He thanked AT&T for
being diligent throughout the process.

Council Member Schmid was troubled by the lack of opportunity to perform a
strategic review, but sensitive to the need to move forward. He expressed
concern that the Council's only discretion was aesthetics. He felt a strategic
discussion could include emergency needs and an exploration of fiber optic
options.

Council Member Holman noted the lack of discretion and lack of a Master
Plan was frustrating. She appreciated the appellants bringing up these
issues. She requested the public refrain from harsh judgments and name
calling in emails to the Council. She requested AT&T aggressively seek more
creative and more aesthetically pleasing solutions to providing cell service in
the Community.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Schmid no, Yeh absent

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Klein reported on meetings of the Bay Area Water Supply
and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA). He stated it had been a very dry
winter, but water storage facilities were in great shape prior to the winter.
He indicated a continued lack of rainfall would affect the water situation in a
year. He reported the Water Supply Improvement Program operated by San


                                   31                   January 23, 2012
 
