                              MINUTES
Council Member Holman stated the existing driveway was rarely used, and
proposed plans would change the environment of the garden area. This
roadway was the pedestrian and bike path, maintained emergency access
between the facilities, and did not disturb the Garden. Option C was the
lowest cost, and eliminating the hardscape decreased the cost further.
Hardscape of cobble paving was not easy to walk or bike on. Bike racks
were located conveniently, which led her to believe a connection was not
needed, but she believed it was better to enhance it. Option C maintained
the bucolic environment of the Gardens while providing good pedestrian and
bicycle access.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) approve the removal of a
redundant driveway in front of the Art Center, installation of a plaza area
between the Art Center and Main Library, removal of a parking lot shed
(Component 1 of Options A, B, C, and D); and 2) approve the construction
of a vehicular connector and an accessible path between the Art Center and
Main Library parking lot and removal and relocation of impacted community
garden plots (Component II of Option A), an existing redwood tree would be
retained and the connector driveway would be curved as much as feasible so
as to slow traffic.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated Option A made a lot of sense for connecting the
Main Library and Art Center parking and allowed better access, particularly
with increased usage after renovations were complete.

Council Member Shepherd believed the parking lots were confusing and the
linkage was missing. The proposed roadway was an ideal way to integrate
the two parking lots.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to approve Staff recommendation to: 1) approve
the construction of a bicycle and pedestrian connection and an accessible
path between the Art Center and Main Library parking lots and removal and
replacement of impacted community garden plots (Component II of Option
B).

Council Member Schmid believed connectivity was important. The project
would create a campus with three different elements, and the pathway hit
the meeting point of those elements.        It was appropriate to have
comfortable and easy access to the Library and Art Center. The informality
of the natural meeting point was important. Extending the plaza and
meeting space resulted in more paved areas. He expressed concerned that

                                                                     Page 11 of 28
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 5/21/12
