                              MINUTES
Project met several critical goals, and demonstrated the importance of
partnership.

Council Member Schmid felt Council Member Holman's point regarding
procedure was worthwhile. The Council should be made aware of the EIR.
He inquired whether the Highway 101 bypass construction by Caltrans had
been completed.

Mr. Materman indicated Caltrans was in the design and environmental
review phase. Caltrans planned to begin construction in 2014.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Project would be the first construction
project and begin prior to opening the two bores under Highway 101.

Mr. Materman replied yes. The JPA was working with Caltrans on the timing
of construction completion.  The goal was for both projects to occur
simultaneously.

Council Member Schmid noted high tide on a daily basis would fill the Creek
and the marshlands at Friendship Bridge, and inquired whether it would also
fill the wetlands under the boardwalk.

Kevin Murray, JPA Project Manager reported the average high tide would fill
the wetlands, but not on a daily basis. Some days, the area could be filled
more than once.

Council Member Schmid asked how far westward the tide flowed.

Mr. Murray indicated the tide flowed approximately 1,500 feet upstream or
west of Highway 101.

Council Member Schmid asked if tides would frequently overflow the
boardwalk.

Mr. Murray stated the wetlands underneath the boardwalk would be subject
to tidal waters almost daily.

Council Member Schmid inquired if flooding of the boardwalk would be
prominent during the winter.

Mr. Murray replied yes.

Council Member Schmid noted the map did not indicate the breakthrough to
the Faber Tract, and inquired about the width of the breakthrough.
                                                                     Page 11 of 36
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 11/13/12
