Mr. Keene did not know if Staff could answer those questions. He stated
that obtaining that kind of information and detail would be part of the RFP,
so that Staff could present viable alternatives, if any, to the Council.

Council Member Holman indicated the basis for her question was to
determine if there was an opportunity to generate funds. She wanted to
know if Council should choose to improve the current facility or construct a
new facility. The $7 million cost of a new structure did not seem a logical
number to her. She did not think SVACA had the capacity to handle services
for Palo Alto, Los Altos and Los Altos Hills, as SVACA would need $300,000
initially to accommodate Palo Alto alone.

Mr. Keene suggested they had a template with modules that they could add,
but they capitalized the module for the incremental cost increase of
obtaining a new customer base. He stated Staff did not know what the
capacity was.

Mr. Sartor reported the previous cost estimate of $700,000 was for a much
larger facility, and included bringing utilities to the site, grading work, and
raising of the property above flood plain. He stated it was a conservative
estimate based on construction costs of the mid-2000s. He indicated there
was an opportunity to revisit the size of the facility and potential costs based
on the current construction market.

Council Member Holman indicated Animal Services provided two critical
services which SVACA did not: animal surrender and spay/neuter services.
She asked what leverage those services might have at an improved facility.

Ms. Antil stated Staff did not know. She indicated that entire list of services
would be a part of the RFP process. She reported Animal Services had to
turn away animals, but did not know if that was due to capacity or sheer
number of animals.

Ms. Stadler reported the only animals turned away were out of the
jurisdiction. She indicated most people surrendered their pets because they
had no options, and it was usually a last resort. She stated Animal Services
followed the industry standard in animal welfare by not charging a surrender
fee. She said they encouraged people to do the right thing, and the right
thing was not to dump the animal. She explained a shelter should be a
sanctuary, and that was where they should go. She repeated Animal
Services did not turn away anyone if they were within the jurisdiction.




                                   14                     March 26, 2012
