Vice Mayor Scharff asked Staff to explain how the parking worked since the
City had given the Applicant a one-to-one exemption which meant the
Applicant did not have to provide parking for approximately 14,400 square
feet. He said that he understood the Applicant would have to pay into a
parking district, but there was no new money in the parking district which
would create no new parking spaces.

Mr. Williams said that was Staff’s understanding of the situation. He said that
it reduced the cost for other participants in the assessment district, but it
would not pay into a fund that would be used to create additional parking.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Council had the option to tell the Applicant not to
pay into the parking district and instead pay an in lieu fees for the 58 missing
parking spaces.

Mr. Williams said that with Planned Community zoning Council had that
option.

Vice Mayor Scharff confirmed there was no legal requirement for the Applicant
to pay into the parking district and that Council could tell them to pay an In
Lieu fee for the 58 spaces.

Mr. Williams said that there would be a legal obligation to pay into the
assessment district if Council agreed with the way it was proposed.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that Council could do that and then the Applicant
would not have the obligation or expense of paying into the parking district,
but would pay the in lieu fee for 58 spaces.

Mr. Baer said that because the cost of In Lieu was so great in the revisions
they did not take the 58 parking spaces that would have been exempt. He
said that they only took the 10 Percent for location and proximity to transit
and the 20 Percent for TDM.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he needed a clarification in procedure. He asked if it
was right for the Applicant to answer questions, whether or not the question
was addressed to the Applicant.

Mayor Yeh said that at a later point in the process the Applicant would be
provided with a three minute rebuttal. If there was a question directed to the
Applicant, the Applicant could be invited to speak at that point.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that he was confused because what Mr. Baer said did
not seem to be the same as what Staff said related to the one-to-one. He
said that he understood that they had taken the one-to-one and that was how
                                   16                    March 12, 2012
