was moving northward and eastward. He stated eventually the connection
between the City and the University would not be a mile of empty space
along University, but a much more dynamic corridor to the Downtown. He
felt a key element was making connections that created a bond of the two
communities. He didn't understand why this was the first step, why it
wasn't done at the same time as the Council had plans for the site. He
thought it was 10 or 12 weeks early. He inquired whether it should come at
the same time that the Council had preliminary notions and ideas of the site.

Mr. Keene never saw that the schedule on this would be completely linear or
sequential with a plan submittal. He stated there was some preliminary
work that helped Staff synergistically interact with the applicant.        He
indicated Staff could be in the position of being part of the way through this
if the application had been submitted and Staff could continue to work.

Council Member Schmid thought interaction was the key, that whoever was
hired to do this work had to interact with where they were going and what
was around them.

Mr. Emslie said that was absolutely right. He indicated Staff viewed this as a
collaborative design process between public and private interests. He stated
it was best that they happened concurrently.

Mr. Keene explained there was always a point of questioning whether Staff
had placed too much public investment in something when there wasn't a
return. He stated that was one of the reasons for keeping the Council
informed in managing this. He repeated that doing this accelerated the
timeframe, that when Staff received an application it was easier for the
Council to consider.

Council Member Schmid agreed that was an important point. He referenced
the last phrase of the Motion concerning design review and initial
environmental review. He asked if any of this money would be spent on
whatever took place at 27 University; where was the boundary between
environmental review of a pathway and the structures.

Mr. Emslie reported there was not a clear line, because design had to
interact as a whole. He noted there was some overlap. He felt that would
be the wrong design to pursue.

Council Member Schmid wanted some assurance that, as the Council voted
to authorize $250,000, there was something there to interact with.

Mr. Keene explained a theater and an office building were placed on a site
and they had a particular footprint; and working in an integrated way with
Staff's concepts could reorient buildings.

                                     27                            3/05/2011
