                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein recalled the public speaker's comment regarding
Animal Services making a profit. That was not accurate. The idea was to
reach zero above the $500,000 to outsource Animal Services. The Council
was not asking Animal Services to be unlike all the other Departments.

Council Member Schmid stated the first structural issue was that revenue
sources did not grow as sharply as income taxes and capital gains taxes.
The City's revenues grew slower over time. The second structural issue was
the discrepancy between the growth in the value of benefits as opposed to
salaries. The Long Term Financial Forecast stated that over the last decade
benefits had grown twice as fast as salaries, and Staff anticipated this to
continue. The types of deficits could become structural. The FY 2012
Budget included $1 million for the Retiree Medical Actuarial Required
Contribution (ARC), while the Proposed Budget had zero. He asked what
happened to the Retiree Medical ARC.

Mr. Perez indicated it was a place holder in FY 2012. Staff had allocated the
amounts in the various Departments for FY 2013. The Proposed Budget
showed the $2 million increase over the prior valuation.

Council Member Schmid asked whether the benefit allocations were the
same type of situation.

Mr. Perez explained Staff made assumptions regarding vacancy factors. The
City was experiencing a higher than anticipated vacancy factor in FY 2012,
and Staff felt the assumptions were too aggressive. Staff returned $672,000
to the non-departmental category until it could be allocated to the
Departments.

Council Member Schmid Stated benefits as a ratio of salaries had risen from
45 percent in 2009 to 58 percent in 2014. The FTE positions had declined
by 10-11 percent and yet the benefit costs to the City had grown by 28
percent. He was worried that the Cost of Service Study would indicate
services were expensive. With the current trends, the City would probably
see a decline in FTEs. The problem was not providing salaries to workers,
but rather investing in the future. The ratio of benefits to salaries was 25
percent ten years ago, approximately 55 percent currently, and would reach
100 percent by 2022. The City had to deal with the structural issue of
benefits and salaries, if it wanted to retain a competitive labor force and
provide services to citizens.



                                                                       Page 16 of 25
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/11/12
