                               MINUTES
they could. He said that if anyone came up with a new idea, product, or
plan Staff would act on it as they moved forward. He said that with all City
services Staff was always making adjustments and recommendations. There
was nothing that precluded a stakeholder from directly communicating to
the Council at Oral Communications or other ways. He thought if they had
relevant information that showed the trends it was normal for Staff to place
an informational item for the Council to be aware of things. If the trends
were disturbing the Council could schedule subsequent directive and action
for discussion.

Mayor Yeh said his comments were in support of Council Member Burt’s
questions and the Police Department’s efforts to work with the employees
and look at alternative opportunities within the City. He stated there was a
group of Stanford students looking to partner with the Friends of the Palo
Alto Animal Shelter. They hoped to launch an online platform. He thought
there were potential community partners to work with the Friends of the
Palo Alto Animal Shelter to achieve fundraising goals. He felt that as the
cost of services increased the fee increase would not cover the cost and it
was still a decision by the City to continue subsidizing the services provided
by Animal Services. That was a continued affirmation of the value of the
services in Palo Alto.

Mr. Keene said that Mayor Yeh made a good point about the cost of services
study. It could be Council’s feedback and new policy directions that would
inform the Staff to revisit what it proposed and make sure it was in line with
Council’s thinking.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein reported on attending the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Board of Directors meeting last week. The citizens of San
Francisco have obtained enough signatures to direct a committee to study
ways to drain Hetch Hetchy Reservoir and find another water source. The
issue that will be brought to Council after the break as there is concern that
only San Francisco residents will be able to vote on this measure and it
affects many other cities in the Bay Area.

Council Member Burt requested that the meeting be adjourned in memory of
Sally Ride.



                                                                        Page 80 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
