the design. He indicated the developer had thought carefully about the
Project. He had heard good things about the developer's working with the
neighborhood. He appreciated the applicant stating they were willing to work
with the City on the traffic signal issue.

Council Member Klein supported the Project. He felt Edgewood Shopping
Center had been an eyesore and troublesome for the City. He was glad the
process was ending with a good Project. He noted the irony in the Project
being fully supported by neighbors, with a few exceptions, but opposed by
people living outside Palo Alto. He had read the PTC meeting minutes trying
to understand the difference between overriding considerations and adequate
mitigation, and was glad to have Staff confirm his conclusion that there was
not a difference. He felt that was not a good use of public time, because the
result was the same. He inquired if the Motion regarding the left-turn from
Embarcadero onto St. Francis meant only in that direction, and not from St.
Francis onto Embarcadero.

Council Member Burt responded correct.

Council Member Klein thought keeping the rear entrance to the Shell Station
made sense. He thought the protected left-turn arrow from Embarcadero
onto St. Francis would allow more people to enter the shopping center,
because it would be an easier turn.

Council Member Espinosa stated he, neighbors and the City had been waiting
for this Project for a long time. He said this was a good Project. He thanked
the applicant for its work with the community. He supported the Motion. He
did not like the current left turn from West Bayshore onto Embarcadero, but
was okay with it if it was monitored. He thought that intersection would soon
be an issue for the City.

Council Member Shepherd was delighted to have the Project, specifically with
the neighborhood supporting the developer's actions. She appreciated the
food trucks on Monday nights, and stated that showed the type of network the
applicant wanted to build. She assumed that retaining the rear entrance to
the Shell station was part of the Motion. She agreed with Mr. Baer that the
Council needed to thank applicants for addressing the Comprehensive Plan,
working with the neighborhood, and bringing in a project to be proud of.

Council Member Price thought the attention to the site plan, architectural
treatment and utilization of features was very important. She felt information
regarding Joseph Eichler relating to architectural history was valuable. She
appreciated the thoughtful consideration of the various elements.         She
thought it was challenging to meet multiple outcomes that related to many
policies in the Comprehensive Plan. She thanked the Architectural Control


                                           41                    03/19/2012
