                                MINUTES
to deal with flood control, improve the natural habitat, find recreational
opportunities, and improve the golf course. The last time the item was
before Council was in December 2011 when they had a study session on the
golf course. Since that time there were numerous community meetings with
the Parks and Recreation Commission Golf Advisory Committee. Staff went
to the Finance Committee in March 2012 for its review and opinion. He
discussed several reconfiguration options. Option A was the most minimal
reconfiguration, Option D enhanced the golf course fairly significantly at a
low cost, Option F added one playing field, and Option G, which was the
Finance Committee’s preferred option, reconfigured the entire golf course
and added 10.5 acres which allowed for up to three playing fields. The
Finance Committee’s recommendation was for Option G because the
opportunity to gain 10.5 acres was unique in a built out city. Option G was
the most environmentally sensitive design with a complete baylands themed
experience. The financial analysis by the National Golf Foundation (NGF)
suggested that Option G would outperform the other designs over time.
Option G also replaced the entire irrigation system, which was currently in a
state of disrepair.

Forrest Richardson, Forrest Richardson and Associates said the two part
process was the San Francisquito Creek realignment, which was the part of
the contract that was handled by the JPA and then the City undertook a
parallel effort to look at long range planning for the golf course. At the
December 2011 study session the Council had Options A, D, and F, and
requested that they look at expanding the area of the athletic fields which
led to Option G. They met with the Finance Committee who provided
additional direction on the base plan of Option G. They had evaluated
conditions, safety, irrigation, and arbor assets. He explained there were
chronic irrigation problems as the system was approaching 12 years of age
in a very high salt soil condition. Other problems were irrigation coverage, a
growing animal problem, several arbor issues including trees that were not
appropriate or in declining health, and a lack of interest in the course itself.
He said that practice areas could bring golfers to the recreation amenity.
The course currently offered too few views of the bay despite being on the
edge of it. There were wetlands on the property that needed to be
preserved and expanded.          A public forum was conducted at the end of
2011 and the golfers shared their views. He said Option A was the baseline
option where they reconfigured approximately six holes. It had the lowest
area of impact and the lowest cost. Option D realigned about eight and a
half holes and had a nominal area of impact. It failed to address all of the
irrigation replacement and left approximately $900,000 that would need to
be addressed at a future date. Option F included one athletic field and
reconfigured a significant portion of the course. Council requested the team
review expanding the athletic field which led to Option G. They concluded
                                                                           Page 9 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
