                                 MINUTES

Roland Lebrun spoke regarding Caltrain and county parks. Plan A for
Caltrain should be a procurement approach similar to that of airlines which
would keep $440 million here in California rather than paying a foreign
manufacturer to build the trains. 25 percent of the California park system
has been turned over to the conservation plan. The Palo Alto parks were
going to be used to widen Highway 101. The parks belong to Palo Alto not
to the county and should not be used that way.

Herb Borock spoke regarding the High Speed Rail. He discussed a long
history of speed tests that seemed to be going backwards instead of forward
and provided documentation to Council.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.    Presentation From the City of Heidelberg, Germany.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager, gave a background of
discussions between the City of Heidelberg, Germany and the City of Palo
Alto. He described the interest in exploring a relationship between the two
cities. He introduced Michael Kelly, local resident and former resident of
Heidelberg, Germany who gave a presentation highlighting Heidelberg’s
attributes and areas of potential partnership with Palo Alto. Peter Graf, an
executive for SAP, which had locations in the Heidelberg region and the City
of Palo Alto followed with his perspectives on tangible projects between the
two cities, especially as it related to engaging the respective communities
towards sustainability goals.

Mayor Yeh noted that Staff would bring forward an item at a future meeting
for Council to consider entering into a partnership agreement or
Memorandum of Understanding with the City of Heidelberg.

4.    Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Public               Art
      Commission for One Unexpired Term Ending on April 30, 2015.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to direct Staff to recruit for additional applications for the Public Art
Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

5.    Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Library Advisory
      Commission for One Unexpired Term Ending on January 31, 2014.


10/22/2012                                                       111-469
