the City voted for Measure E and wanted to see it implemented as quickly as
possible.

Bob Wenslau of 1409 Dana said the Blue Ribbon Task Force considered the
future of composting and recommended both interim and long term
solutions. He said that the challenge before them was the single issue of the
question of the parkland.     He said that the guiding principles were broader
than the evening’s discussion. He said there was a cohesive vision for this
project that would carry us through multiple meetings. He said they wanted
to handle all the organic wastes and move forward with some urgency on
local green energy. He said that further studies were not needed as there
was already a good project before the Council. He said they wanted to
maintain existing local composting and the Blue Ribbon Task Force
recommended that, but the Council had nixed that plan. The Blue Ribbon
Task Force felt local composting was essential to keep cars off the road. He
said they wanted to shut down the incinerator because of the greenhouse
gasses and the toxins that come through any high temperature process.
They wanted the economics to be balanced and asked that it not be
reviewed in just one year costs, but over the life cycle of the project. He
said that they were confident that the progressive decisions would be very
favorable for the City over its life cycle.

Bob Moss said that he disagreed with most of what Bob Wenslau said. He
stated that he though it was appropriate to proceed with the fair, completely
unbiased, evaluation of the costs of proceeding with a facility on the site. He
also agreed that it was worth waiting two or three months for the regulatory
agencies to decide if they would permit delay in capping the rest of the
“blue” area, the 51 acres. He said that if the regulatory agencies required
the capping it should proceed as quickly as possible. He said that the cost
evaluation should include the rent, because other facilities owned by the City
of Palo Alto that were used for utilities include rent. He said that if it was
taken off the table it would be a short time before someone sued the City to
stop it from charging rent for anything else. He explained that if the City
lost a suit like that it would lose almost $2 million a year in transfers to the
General Fund. He said that the Staff’s response to a question from Council
Member Holman said the difference between composting here and sending it
to Sunnyvale was approximately $75,000 a month. He said that he was not
willing to pay $75,000 a month to keep the composting operation in Palo
Alto. He said that composting belongs where it was cheapest and most cost
effective. He stated that if building a facility on the 10 acres was either not
cost effective or not technologically firm it should not proceed.

Joseph Rosas said that as a candidate for Assembly in District 24 he must
speak on behalf of all of those in the district. He said that one argument

                                   15                     February 6, 2012
  
