                               MINUTES
Parking District Department, average Residential Gas Rates were lowered
25-32 percent, and Fire Services changes saved $1.2 million. During the
first five months of the fiscal year (FY), there was a 50 percent savings in
Fire Department overtime, Emergency Management Services Revenue
increased by 21 percent, and there were reductions due to the Station Seven
closure. Regarding Infrastructure, the Fire Rating was two; this resulted in
lower Fire Insurance rates paid by businesses and residential customers.
Mayor Yeh declared that 2012 was the year for Infrastructure Renewal and
Investment. In September the Mayor adopted an Infrastructure Plan and
Strategy over the next two years, addressing the feasibility of placing a 2014
November ballot to address Infrastructure Needs. This year there were two
questions added to the National Citizen Survey. The preliminary responses
to those questions showed that for the Infrastructure Bond Measures, 67
percent of people supported an increase in Hotel Occupancy Tax. This data
showed the level of tax people might pay, and 74 percent of people showed
they supported street replacement and repair. The sidewalk repair support
was 72 percent, and 61 percent of people showed they supported a new
Police Public Safety building. Regarding Local Revenue Trends, the Transient
Occupancy Taxes was $9.7 million in 2012, compared with $6.9 million in
2010. The occupancy was rising, so there were new hotels built. There was
a change in sales tax in 2010, causing the City to be down to $18 million. In
2012 the amount was up to $22 million; there was a projected $23 million in
FY 2013. The Documentary Transfer Tax dropped to a low of $3.1 million in
FY 2010, but was up to $5.2 million in FY 2012 Vacancy Rates were down to
2.9 percent in FY 2012. In the Survey, the City’s ratings in Economic
Development increased to 18 percent over two years. There were many
project expansions and improvements, like with Edgewood and the Stanford
Shopping Center. In the global front, Palo Alto had the Sister Cities
monument displayed and Palo Alto hosted international business visits. In
the realm of Infrastructure, there were renovations in the Arts Center, and
the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center was on track to achieve the
highest rating for being an environmentally friendly building with regard to
water consumption. There were also improvements with the Cubberley
Project.    In discussing Land Use and Transportation, the Development
Center received a steady volume of permit applications to process, and
issuing them was steady. There was an increase in total evaluation, and the
average days to respond to a first plan check and issue a building permit
was about 38 days, a five year low. The cost for inspection decreased 62
percent since 2007. The average number of days for Plan Checks had a 37
percent improvement this past year. The City hired Development Center
Director and Project Coordinators this past year; they made a one stop
location for development projects, making the process smoother and
quicker. Development Services, Utilities Staff, Public Works Engineering
Staff, Planning, Fire, and Urban Forestry were all now at the Development
                                                                        Page 12 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/17/12
