                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman was pleased the Parks and Recreation Commission
had participated in the process. Biking and walking would benefit the health
of community. She inquired whether the Santa Clara Valley Water District
would now fund connecting trails.

Mr. Rodriguez replied yes. If the City performed the initial feasibility work
and developed a Memoranda of Understanding, then it could compete for
Water District funding. That explained Staff's recommendation to fund the
Adobe Creek Reach Trail Phase 1 in the current year and the Matadero Creek
Trail in the following year.

Council Member Holman asked if the Adobe Trail was along Sterling Canal.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the Adobe Trail traveled along Barron Creek and
extended to Greer Park.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff had considered incorporating
the spine road to Research Park.

Mr. Rodriquez reported Staff had discussed that with residents of the College
Terrace community, and had committed to developing some preliminary
concepts of a spine road. It was not appropriate to include that in this Plan,
because no feasibility studies had been performed. He hoped to include that
in a minor update to the Plan in three to five years.

Mr. Williams stated Staff would have more discussions with residents and
Research Park companies over the next three to six months. Staff wanted
to present a program before the Housing Proposal occurred.

Council Member Holman asked whether the funding options presentation
would include necessary resources for Staff.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Council Member Holman noted Map 6-2 had errors, and asked if she should
follow up with Staff.

Mr. Williams suggested Council Member Holman provide that information to
him, and he would make the necessary corrections in the final version.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff would not prepare the final draft for a few
weeks to provide Council Members time to make corrections.




07-09-2012                                                             111-157
