    Council Member Price thought there was a distinction between not only
    those proposed in the Plan but also those that may be appropriate to
    achieve the outcomes of the Draft Plan.         She suggested "economic
    incentives proposed to evaluate the appropriate or various economic
    incentives that would have a reasonable likelihood." She wanted to make
    sure it was clear that it was a broader range in the intent of the
    Amendment.

    Council Member Burt thought the Amendment was changed slightly from the
    Mayor's statement. He believed the Mayor had worded it in a way to
    capture both intents. He suggested "Staff to evaluate what economic
    incentives would have a reasonable likelihood ... ." He stated that captured
    both the proposed incentives and prospective incentives.         He felt an
    obligation to disagree with Council Member Schmid's comments. He noted
    they sat together on the Housing Subcommittee reviewing regional housing
    mandates, and was shocked by those statements. He said there were two
    things Palo Alto didn't lack: existing jobs and demand for housing. He
    explained there was a large jobs-housing imbalance, so the Council was not
    trying to create jobs in Palo Alto, and the City was being given housing
    mandates to correct that. He indicated the City was not trying to figure out
    ways to create new jobs that would drive demand for housing in Palo Alto.
    He didn't understand those statements, and wanted it on the record that
    was not his position and not a position the Council had taken.

    AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0, Holman Absent

    Council Member Price felt the Draft Plan was an excellent report. She
    thanked the Planning and Transportation Commission for their thoughtful
    comments and members of the public who spoke. She thought the Council
    would be conscious of the impacts on the residential neighborhoods. She
    thought the way the Plan had been developed and the details and
    mechanisms identified would be an exciting opportunity. She felt this area
    had languished and, without structure and economic development, it would
    continue to languish, which the Council did not want for any neighborhood
    in Palo Alto. She looked forward to the traffic analysis and details regarding
    the transfer of intensity in various parcels. She felt the City would move
    forward and this would be an exciting opportunity to have some creative
    solutions. She was hopeful in the area of the economy. She supported the
    goals, mission and vision as outlined.

    MOTION PASSED AS AMENDED: 8-0, Holman Absent




                                    34                  February 13, 2012 
 
