                                MINUTES
outside sources would decrease the revenue needs in the first year, but did
not automatically solve the needs in following years.

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, stated the stakeholder group met the
prior week to discuss Staff's proposal. If the City did not make cuts early in
the fiscal year, then the stakeholder group would have a more difficult time
covering the gap. Staff had noticed the possibility of eliminating employee
positions in August. Even with current revenue projections, there was a
need for reducing some Staff. The stakeholders group would meet again the
following month.

Mr. Keene noted community proposals at the FC and Policy & Services
Committee meetings regarding increasing revenues and reducing costs.
Discussions were predicated on the Palo Alto Humane Society's proposal.

Council Member Shepherd indicated the Cost of Service Study would provide
information regarding the City's supplementing of programs. She asked
Staff to comment on the Cost of Service Study.

Mr. Perez reported Staff would return to the FC with the scope of services
and methodologies being used in the Cost of Service Study on July 3, 2012.
The report was almost complete, and the consultant would have to
incorporate any change.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether HSRAP administrative funds
would be taken from the Council Contingency Fund.

Mr. Perez stated Staff had not anticipated that.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the $27,000 amount in the Fund for the
FY 2012 Budget was not being planned for the FY 2013 Budget.

Mr. Perez advised the Community Services Department was absorbing it,
unless there was a change in a draw on the Contingency Fund for FY 2013.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the Department was taking the
draw rather than the Council Contingency Fund.

Mr. Perez replied that was the current plan.

Council Member Shepherd noted HSRAP would provide clarification at the
following meeting.


                                                                        Page 17 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/18/12
