                               MINUTES
driveways.     Equally as important it had changed the feeling of the
neighborhood, making it look and feel less residential and negatively
impacting housing values.      Representatives of the business community
began conversation with the fact that three public parking garages had been
built to accommodate more customers and downtown employees in the last
10 years. Parking permits for employees were oversold by a minimum of 25
percent for all garages at a cost of $420.00 annually. Employee spillover to
the surrounding neighborhoods had always been a reality and there were
ongoing parking improvements in the downtown district. She said that the
City was investigating electronic signage to direct cars to available spaces.
The parking assessment district suggested stacking cars in select areas of
the garages to further increase the number of permit spaces in each garage.
That required the use of a valet attendant. She said that all day parking
ticket machines were being added to all garages to offer more options. She
said that there was not a way to make things perfect for everyone and there
was not going to be one single solution. Professorville was not a walled
community situated in a rural setting; it was and always had been adjacent
to the downtown. She said they were talking about public streets and who
had the rights to access them. The business community could not force
everyone working in the downtown to purchase a permit if that was their
means of transportation. The negative impacts to the viability of the
business district could change the attractive nature of the downtown as a
place to do business which could have financial ramifications. It was said
that if everyone walked away from a mediation not getting everything they
asked for the settlement was successful. She said that everyone was
moderately happy with the proposed RPP. The RPP addressed offering
residents a guarantee that not all parking spaces would be filled with parked
cars and therefore opened the congested feeling of the streets.           The
proposed RPP also guaranteed that not all parking spaces would be filled
with nonresidential cars and offered the opportunity for traffic control.
Opening the RPP door in one community was a gateway for other
communities to expect the same program and that became a vast and
complicated problem.

Chop Keenan said he wanted to fill in data points regarding the self-help of
the downtown parking district. The downtown parking district met once a
month for the last twelve years. It was a 90 minute meeting with a packed
agenda and did not work on autopilot. They successfully built two parking
structures with 900 spaces over that 12 year period. There were two costs
associated with the structures. One was the cost to build them, which was
financed by the property owners in the assessment district. That was $0.18
per foot per month, so a 2,000 square foot store paid $360.00 per month for
the capital cost of servicing the bond. He said those funds did not guarantee
the store a parking space. Spaces were on a first come first served basis
                                                                       Page 12 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
