                               MINUTES
Curtis    Williams,   Planning    and    Community     Environment   Director
recommended City Council adopt an interim urgency ordinance that
established a moratorium on the use of an exempt floor area provision in the
zoning code related to parking exemptions.            The Council previously
considered on multiple occasions issues surrounding downtown parking and
directed Staff to look at measures that evaluated parking supply, parking
demand, Zoning Ordinance provisions, and Downtown Development Cap
Study.     The exemption provision, Section 18.52.060(c), of the zoning
ordinance had the potential to further exacerbate downtown parking
problems if it continued to be applied to projects. Section 18.52.060(c)
allowed exemption from parking for any property within the downtown or
California Avenue districts that had up to a 1.0 Floor Area Ratio (FAR). The
language was adopted in the 1980’s when the Downtown Plan was adopted
and shortly after the assessment district was in place. Staff believed it was
done to encourage downtown development. Staff suggested the moratorium
because the provision outlasted the economic circumstances of downtown
development and existing and potential parking deficiencies continued to
occur. Staff intended to study the issues and return to Council. He
explained the measure was an interim urgency ordinance. State law allowed
a Council to adopt such an ordinance without the review of the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and full public hearing notice, but only if
there was a four fifths vote, or 8 of the 9 Council Members approval. It also
required Staff to return to Council within 45 days with details on a
comprehensive parking ordinance. Mr. Rodriguez and Staff planned to
provide that report by November 5, 2012. With respect to the pending
projects in the development review process, the ordinance did not provide
for specific exceptions. It was the Council’s option to include exemptions.
In the past the Council generally exempted projects in process from
Ordinance changes. The only exception he remembered was the Green
Building Ordinance, which only exempted projects currently in the building
permit process. There were two projects currently in the review process
that utilized the 1.0 FAR exemption. The first was 135 Hamilton Avenue,
which had been in process for over a year and went to the Architectural
Review Board (ARB) six weeks prior. The Applicant was currently reviewing
design changes and would return to the ARB. He noted that the site had a
project approved but not built in 2009 for a one story building that utilized
the 1.0 FAR parking exemption. The second project was 636 Waverley
Street, which was submitted in September 2012 and was scheduled to go to
the ARB in November for the architectural review application.            Staff
suggested that if Council chose to exempt either or both of the projects that
they contain a robust Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Program
requirement that the assessment district funds be placed in the in lieu
parking fund instead. He said that the Applicant for 135 Hamilton Avenue
submitted a request that the application be amended to include review and
                                                                        Page 20 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
