                               MINUTES
outside of CalPERS that restricted and governed what cities could and could
not do. That set the boundaries for the conversation and then they could
discuss if the boundaries could move. There was no perfect answer because
of the many variables, but they needed to balance services and the long
term obligations of healthcare and pensions. One variable was the rate of
return for CalPERS. The City was governed by what CalPERS set as the rate
of return, but many experts believe that to be very optimistic. Out of the
City, the citizens, the City’s workforce, and the State the City and the
citizens bore the long term liability of the system. That was a problem, but
how they changed that was challenging both in discussion and
implementation. What they needed to do and what they could do was the
real matter for discussion.

Ms. Shen said Staff needed time to explore Council Member Burt’s questions.
She summarized that he wanted to know what was allowed by law and what
the rules were of the current CalPERS system. He also wanted a broader
discussion which possibly included the League of Cities or other experts to
determine when they achieved equilibrium between the retirees and the
active employees.

Mr. Keene said they needed to understand the financial picture each year
and over time so they could see the tradeoffs involved when they were not
at equilibrium.

Council Member Burt clarified that Council was interested in what was
allowed before the legislative changes so the public was informed on that as
well. Understanding the rules of CalPERS and the labor law would answer
many of the public’s questions. He clarified that by labor law he meant
legislation and court rulings. The other part of the discussion around
constraints was what changes needed to be made legally to enable the City
to take constructive action.

Council Member Shepherd said that although the issue was raised in a
colleague’s memorandum it had been a topic of discussion for some time,
specifically the rules mentioned by Council Member Burt. She requested
Staff return with an answer on what it meant to be a unionized workplace as
that would form some boundaries of the conversation. They had projected
discounts with CalPERS at 7.5 percent, which was what CalPERS thought it
would make on investments. CalPERS actually manifested itself in either
negative percentages or one percent, which created what the City actually
owed for its current pensioners. Labor was distressed that fell on the
current workers. The decisions made in 2002 and 2007 regarding changing
the pension schedule affected how the City currently functioned.

                                                                      Page 14 of 28
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/15/12
