                               MINUTES
7.     Approval of Contract with Muzak, LLC, in the Amount of $201,992 for
       Media Broadcast System for the Mitchell Park Library and Community
       Center (CIP PE-09006)

8.     Request City Council Designate Voting Delegate for the Upcoming
       National League of Cities Annual Business Meeting.

MOTION PASSED for 3, 4, 6-8: 7-0 Burt, Schmid absent

MOTION PASSED for 5: 6-0 Klein not participating, Burt, Schmid absent

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

None

ACTION ITEMS

9.     Public Discussion of Employee Pension, Health Care, Compensation
       and Other Benefits and Strategies for the Future.

James Keene, City Manager, said that evening’s session was focused on a
Staff provided overview of the information on pension and healthcare
benefits. A separate meeting related to the pension issue was scheduled for
November 13, 2012. A focused discussion on the healthcare benefits and
cost issues was scheduled for December 10, 2012. A number of cities in
California bond ratings were reduced while Palo Alto retained its AAA bond
rating. More than any other state, California restricted the ability of local
governments as it related to their taxing revenue fiscal management
policies. The Council wanted to discuss the State’s role and the State control
that existed on cities and how much flexibility a city had to chart its own
course. There were significant benefit enhancements made before the 2008
financial crisis, but the significance of that event was clear to the Council
which focused on the structural issues that had surfaced. Despite the
actions taken, the trend lines on pension costs and the way California Public
Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS) allocated those costs to cities and
the healthcare side rose and would continue to do so in the future. The
public discussions were held to increase public awareness. During the last
summer’s discussions, the Governor had proposed a 12 point plan which had
not been enacted. The Governor worked with the State Legislature and
passed statewide pension reform legislation which made a number of
significant statewide pension changes. Staff planned to summarize that
legislation in its presentation. He thought the evenings and subsequent
discussions were a reflection of the Council’s commitment to open
government and transparency. Staff felt it was important to focus on the
                                                                         Page 4 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
