                               MINUTES
policies stated in the Resolution be carried into the Comprehensive Plan
Amendment.

Caroline Dobervich, Task Force member, enjoyed serving on the Task Force,
because they represented both constituents and the City. She agreed with
previous comments. The Report contained a number of improvements that
needed to be made at crossings and neighborhood centers. The City should
complete the recommended studies in order to move forward.

Mayor Yeh thanked the Task Force for its service and insights.

Council Member Klein, Rail Committee Chair, reported the Legislature passed
the Finance Bill for HSR, which meant no projects would occur in Palo Alto
for several years. Money had been made available for electrification or
modification of Caltrain. Because of a variety of events that had recently
occurred, the RC would revise its Guiding Principles for consideration and
approval by the Council. The RC was reviewing its support of electrification
and wanted to hold meetings on the topic. Two concerns were the amount
of canopy that would need to be pruned and grade crossings. Electrification
would allow more trains to move at higher speeds along the Peninsula. This
would create longer waits at grade crossings.        The creation of grade
separations would be expensive and disruptive to adjacent residential
neighborhoods.      A careful review was needed before amending the
Comprehensive Plan.       The plan's statement that the City supported
electrification was inconsistent with actions of the RC. Statements in the
Guiding Principles and Comprehensive Plan were obsolete. He suggested
sending the second half of the proposed Resolution to the RC to reconcile
with proposed language.

Council Member Burt agreed with Council Member Klein regarding
reconciliation of Comprehensive Plan changes with RC thoughts and actions.
He referenced Program T-21 and Recommended Policy 3.1. Recommended
Policy 3.1 did not mention crossings being underground grade separations;
they could be at-grade crossings. He inquired what type of grade crossings
were meant under Recommended Policy 3.1.

Mr. Williams reported the intent was not necessarily to depress crossings.
Staff did not change Program T-21, because it was an existing policy in the
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Burt inquired if Staff was considering both overpasses and
additional at-grade crossings.


                                                                         Page 8 of 20
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/18/12
