                      DRAFT MINUTES

Edwina Cioffi said she was an adjacent property owner. Public
Resources Code 2100 said that California Environmental Quality
Act (CEQA) applied to permits for child care centers. There was
an emergency plan that was asked to be in place; however,
Mustard Seed was supposed to have the plan, not only review the
plan which she found problematic. She said that there were 14
site conditions that were approved by the Board of Education
under which Mustard Seed now was licensed. She said that the
site failed 13 out of 14 requirements. She said that child care
facilities handbook stated that CEQA was required. One objection
the neighbors had was that the site was within a quarter mile of
an airport. She said that a helicopter went down behind the
facility only three weeks prior to the meeting. The facility was
also in proximity to high voltage power transmission lines.    The
electromagnetic field testing showed that it was extremely high.
Many studies showed that there was a 70% increase in child
leukemia for children that were in premises with that high of EMF
radiation readings. Toxic and hazardous substances were present
because a quarter of a mile away was a 100 year old dump.
There was also a 25 acre sewage treatment plan that had
previously objected to childhood facilities in the area. There was
only access to two sides of the building which created a fire
hazard. There had been two spontaneous fires at the dump.
There were also high pressure water pipes to Palo Alto
underground in front of the building. She said that according to
the guidelines facilities were supposed to be 1,500 to 2,500 feet
away from a major roadway in case tanker trucks had an
accident.

Mayor Yeh explained to Ms. Cioffi that further remarks could be
submitted to the City Clerk for public record.

Yates McKenzie said he was with the property owner next door to
the proposed daycare center site. He said they had the shared
driveway with the proposed daycare center. They were not
necessarily opposed to the daycare center use. He thought they
                                                                  Page 26 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
