    Mr. Williams thought that was a unique perspective and seemed correct.

    Mayor Yeh asked for questions concerning the Charleston Road subarea and
    the buildings marked A, B and C.

    Council Member Schmid appreciated the comment that Staff was working to
    get the Fairchild Building into the historical inventory. He was shocked to
    read in the October memo that the Fairchild Building was not on the Palo
    Alto Historical Resources Inventory, and its status did not protect the
    building from demolition. He thought this was the most important building
    in the community and had defined Palo Alto as the center of Silicon Valley.
    He explained the City's Historical Ordinance protected hundreds of buildings,
    yet the most historical building in Palo Alto and Silicon Valley was not on the
    Historical Register.

    Mr. Williams clarified that the Fairchild Building was on the State inventory.
    He indicated a project to demolish that building would require an
    Environmental Review, and the building would be considered a historic
    resource because it was on the State's inventory. He stated the building
    could not simply be demolished and replaced.

    Council Member Schmid commented that Palo Alto did take the historical
    aspect seriously, yet it was not on the register.

    Mayor Yeh asked for comment on the pedestrian bike network and improved
    circulation.

    Council Member Schmid stated increasing densities of commercial activities
    created a barrier between homeowners and the Baylands. He knew the
    Council had not addressed the traffic issue, but mitigations for traffic
    generated by the size of development were appropriate to increase the
    connections between the people living in south Palo Alto and the Baylands.
    He thought there was a nexus between the developments being discussed
    and the bike and trail plans.

    Council Member Shepherd asked whether the traffic study would be a
    comprehensive review or spot checks with old information.

    Mr. Williams reported it would be a comprehensive review in conjunction
    with a review of the Comprehensive Plan. He said the traffic analysis would
    be performed with an updated model and would review city-wide traffic
    impacts. He indicated Staff would then breakdown that to the specific
    impacts for the Concept Plan Areas and subareas.


                                    22                   February 13, 2012 
 
