ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Catherine Martineau reported the Arbor Day Festival on March 10, 2012 in
Palo Alto was an opportunity to learn about and to celebrate trees in the
community. She stated this year would mark the 100th anniversary of
National Arbor Day.

Arthur Liberman wanted to talk about electroplating. He indicated CPI said it
needed to use plating to manufacture vacuum electronic devices. CPI used
materials for the electroplating, particularly cyanide and acids, that were
nasty. He said they didn't belong anywhere near a residential zone, because
the chemicals were corrosive, water reactive, highly poisonous, and vapor
could permanently damage the respiratory system and could cause death.
He reported the concentration of hydrogen cyanide inside a two-story house
at 100 feet would be lethal, and there were houses within 100 feet.

Mark Georgia lived directly across the street from CPI. He noted over the
years he had had numerous occasions to contact CPI and the Fire
Department regarding noises, odors that smelled toxic and other urgent
matters.   He stated the lack of onsite capacity of CPI to handle an
emergency disturbed him. He said it was time that the City stepped up and
remedied the situation that threatened their food, their family and their
neighborhood. He stated one of the highest priorities of City government
was to provide for citizens' safety and welfare.

Jeff Dean stated he lived next to CPI. He noted CPI operated a plating shop
on the second story of a building that overlooked their neighborhood. He
stated CPI handled large quantities of hazardous materials in this facility.
He reported he and his neighbors had been asking the City for over six years
to better protect them from an accident or release of toxic chemicals, but
they were still awaiting a solution. He said things changed in 2006 when an
accident at CPI released nitric acid fumes over their neighborhood. He stated
because of their proximity to CPI, there simply wasn't sufficient time for
emergency personnel to respond to an accident. He indicated they had had
numerous meetings with the City and with CPI, and some changes had been
made. He understood that risk could never be eliminated; however, CPI's
changes had not addressed the fundamental issues and had not significantly
reduced the risk. He reported they had no evidence that CPI could manage
a serious accident, such as a major earthquake. He did not believe that CPI
could safely operate a plating shop in this location as the facility was too
close to their homes.

Douglas Moran spoke for the Board of the Barron Park Association. He
urged an accelerated amortization of the hazmat operation at CPI. He noted
the Barron Park neighborhood was already an established neighborhood
when the Stanford Research Park was created, and two-thirds of the

                                     4                            3/05/2011
