                               MINUTES
neighbors and promised to show the design to neighbors first. Neighbors'
comments would be solicited before finalizing and submitting the design for
review. The land use zoning needed to be finalized prior to finalizing the
design.

Norman Schwab, Property Owner and Project Developer stated the PTC
indicated the use of residential units on Page Mill Road did not fit well with
the amount of traffic. The request for CS zoning would allow mixed use,
which was a transition from a busy street to probably retail, office, and
definitely residential use. Residential units on the lower floors were not
practical because of the busy street. He wanted to build a project to
enhance the neighborhood.         The current homes were blight to the
neighborhood. Having residential units on the upper levels would be a
better fit. Neighbors would have input as to how the project would look
from their properties. He welcomed suggestions and wished to create a
better residential and commercial location.

Mr. Northway was aware of the groundwater plume and would take every
measure to ensure it was safe.

Public Hearing opened at 7:47 P.M.

Robert Moss agreed that the current rental homes were not the best use.
Rezoning to CS or CN was appropriate. The allowable levels of TCE for
indoor air had been reduced twice in the past 18 months. The best way to
avoid TCE exposure was not to have an underground garage.           If an
underground garage was proposed, the Council could require the garage be
5-6 feet deep with an exposed area around the perimeter so that air could
escape from the soil and out the garage, and by having vapor barriers and
sub-slab ventilation. With both mediations, the building should be safe to
occupy.

Public Hearing closed at 7:51 P.M.

Council Member Holman noted the Staff Report mentioned that the applicant
was considering a single-story underground garage. She inquired whether
underground parking on the site was a good idea.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment could not
express any reason not to consider an underground garage.               If an
underground garage could be mitigated, then it was an option. When
information was presented, Staff would evaluate it. If the Council eliminated
an underground garage, then it would need to eliminate them in that part of
the City, which would be quite problematic.        Technical solutions were
                                                                         Page 9 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/10/12
