                               MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd was interested in sharing that information with
the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD), and asked Staff for a
recommendation for sharing the information.

Mr. Williams felt it would be useful for PAUSD to have the information.

Council Member Shepherd believed the change in school bell schedule
decreased traffic congestion. She asked if sharing the information would
assist Staff.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether there were additional reasons
for the increase in traffic volume.

Mr. Williams indicated sharing the information could help Staff understand
the dynamics of attendance boundaries and their effects on traffic.

Council Member Shepherd would be reluctant to support the Amendment if
the cause of increased traffic was students living outside attendance
boundaries.

Mayor Yeh supported sharing traffic information with PAUSD and including
that phrase in the Amendment.

Mr. Williams stated Staff would share the information with PAUSD whether
or not the Amendment was adopted.

Council Member Klein would not support the Amendment, because the
process needed finality. The City had a process for neighborhoods with
traffic problems. The report had no metrics for the data. It was time for a
decision on the project, and future problems would be handled through the
existing process.

Council Member Burt recalled the graph presented by Mr. and Mrs. Ellson
regarding the increase in out-of-area students to the schools in Barron Park.
That graph explained the traffic increase during the morning peak hour on
Maybell Avenue. He would not support the Amendment, but would support
the issue being considered by the City/School Liaison Committee.

Mayor Yeh and the seconder of the Amendment agreed the City/School
Liaison Committee would be an appropriate place to discuss the data.


                                                                        Page 13 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/1/12
