                                 MINUTES
Mr. De Geus said more conversation needed to happen for that decision to
be made, but his initial reaction was that they would get more play out of
lighted fields. There was lighting at the driving range which was already on
in the evenings.

Council Member Holman said synthetic turf was popular, but noted it broke
down. She said that they were below sea level and asked if synthetic turf
would affect the baylands.

Mr. De Geus said the geese would not like the synthetic turf. He said they
needed to spend more time looking at that and how to design it in such a
way that it was safe and environmentally friendly. There were definitely
environmental advantages to synthetic turf because there were no pesticides
used, no irrigation, and no water use. However it was synthetic material
that had to be disposed of at some point.

Council Member Holman said that even though synthetic turf broke down it
did not go away. She understood it was a permanent residual. She
discussed the level of service at East Bayshore and Embarcadero. She
asked if the City added playing fields if it would further congest the area or if
they would be used during off peak hours that would not have a negative
impact on the intersection.

Mr. De Geus said they had not looked at that closely. The playing fields
would be used mostly during the after work and school hours and on
weekends. That was when they saw the most impact on the other fields.
That also spoke to the noise issue because he thought there would be much
of the time during the day when there would be no noise from the playing
fields.

Council Member Holman said during the summer golfers would play until
9:00 p.m. She asked if there was any opportunity to build Option G in
phases. For instance, she asked if holes 6, 7, 8, 9, 1, 16, 10, 17 and 18 be
phased so the golf course was not completely shut down during the
construction.

Mr. De Geus said they discussed phasing in detail. Option G was more
intensive and so much needed to occur across the whole space that they
believed getting in and out quickly was the preferred option. Phasing would
cause a number of challenges and the playing experience on the nine holes
that remained open would not be ideal.

Mr. Richardson said that they were asked by the NGF to provide phasing
possibilities and options and he believed that all of them were costly and
                                                                          Page 19 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
