Mr. Keene said that access to the 51 acres was not only affected by
continued composting, but by whether or not the site had been covered and
capped enough to be opened to the public. He said that if the intent was to
charge a cost related to composting and yet the site would continue to be
inaccessible because it was not capped and covered he was not sure that
was fair.

Council Member Schmid said the discretionary decision to postpone moving
forward on the cap and cover was a decision of the Staff. He said that they
had postponed from the end of 2012 until some future time the availability
of the park. He said that there should be an incentive to the Staff and to the
public who were kept from their park.

Mr. Keene said the Staff had been very responsive in advocating closing the
landfill. He said that the practical aspect of the delay had nothing to do with
wanting to delay it. He said that the contour chart that was handed out to
Council said it perfectly and that to not delay in many ways was a refutation
of the vote on Measure E. He said that the City had to keep the options
open to explore what could happen on that 10 acre site. He explained that
anything done would affect this significant slope or contour in some way that
would be more expensive in the future than the cost concerns Staff had
raised now. He said that proceeding without the delay could actually cause
more of a long term delay for opening the park unless the decision was
made not to put anything on the 10 acres related to Measure E. He said he
understood the intent to incent a move to discontinue composting, however,
the rationale for opening it up to the public would not occur unless Council
denied the postponement of the cap and cover and proceeded with doing
that as expeditiously as possible.

Council Member Klein stated the Council had made the same arguments
before as it had made that evening. The people who made amendments
here were the same people that opposed Measure E. He said that the
Council’s obligation was to implement Measure E. The Council should not do
anything that would inhibit that process from going forward in a timely
manner. He said that the Council should preserve the status quo as the
Staff had recommended and remain unbiased as the Staff had clearly done.
He stated that the rent question was designed to take away from Measure E
and that the result would be an increase in the rates in the Refuse Fund.
The citizens of Palo Alto pay the Refuse Fund. He urged the Council to follow
the will of the public regardless of where they stood on Measure E.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed that the notion of charging rent to implement
Measure E did not honor the spirit of Measure E. He said it would punish the
citizens for having voted for Measure E because it would impose the

                                   24                     February 6, 2012
  
