                               MINUTES
the City was working on. The first recommendation was for unfunded
liability to be addressed based on age. The City increased the employee
contribution and raised the retirement age. The City was limited in terms of
imposing caps on annual retirement value, because of CalPERS limitations.
Recommendation 4A was for employees to pay the maximum contribution
rate. The City was close to achieving that goal in that only 55 employees
currently were not paying the maximum contribution rate. Recommendation
4B required the establishment of the past service cost as the approach to
establishing the unfunded liability. City employees were paying the pension
share. In the next step, the City would need to negotiate additional
measures with labor groups.         The City would welcome any proposed
legislation to prevent any retroactive improvements for any pension plans.
Recommendation 7 called for a transition to defined contribution plans from
defined benefit plans. The City's actions were limited by CalPERS program
and unable to shift to a defined contribution plan. One idea was for the City
to extricate itself from the CalPERS program, which was prohibitively costly.
One section of the Staff Report provided clarification to the Grand Jury
report. The main clarification concerned the relatively high cost of pension
and retiree medical liability per resident. Palo Alto had a unique service
profile in terms of recreational services, regional services provided by the
Water Quality Control Plant, and fire services to Stanford. Those services in
addition to Utilities gave the City a unique service profile. When comparing
Palo Alto to other jurisdictions, it was difficult to compare Palo Alto's
generally higher level of service. Palo Alto offered distinctive employee
benefits, particularly concerning retiree medical, which increased medical
liability. Palo Alto was one of few cities in Santa Clara County that provided
retiree medical benefits to spouses and dependents. Palo Alto shifted away
from sick leave payout in 1987, and only nine employees remained who
were covered by that option. The City did not allow unused sick leave cash-
out to go into final pension salary compensation. As Staff moved forward
with labor negotiations, they would continue to work on cost containment of
pension and benefits.

Herb Borock noted the letter from the Grand Jury was addressed to the
Mayor and recalled past responses had been a letter from the Mayor. He
suggested the Council place the draft letter on the Consent Calendar for the
next Council meeting based on action taken at the current meeting. The
table at the bottom of page 7 indicated the same retirement plan for both
miscellaneous and Public Safety employees. He believed the original plan
for miscellaneous employees was 2 percent at age 60, and 2 percent at age
50 for Public Safety employees.



                                                                        Page 21 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/4/12
