                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt was receptive to having Staff return with
recommendations on methods for retaining retail uses on Emerson Street.
Other elements of the Colleagues Memo should be considered as part of the
Downtown Development Cap Study. He inquired whether Staff had the
capacity to compile recommendations for all elements of the Memo versus
dividing the elements as he described.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, reported
recommendations for all elements would be a large task. To focus initially
on the Emerson Street corridor would be more manageable and would be a
logical means to dividing the work. Part of the Downtown Development Cap
Study would address some elements in any event.

James Keene, City Manager, stated Staff could return to the Council prior to
the end of the year with a schedule identifying a priority or hierarchy of
elements. Including it with the Downtown Development Cap Study was
logical. Remapping and rezoning uses was an added dimension to the
Development Cap Study.

Council Member Price felt the original intent of the Memo was too broad.
She was somewhat interested in reviewing the Emerson Street corridor as
part of the Downtown Development Cap Study. She expressed concern that
it was a piecemeal approach and about the capacity of Staff to perform the
work. Trying to define baseline economic conditions as well as the number
of variables was problematic.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Price's comments. He did
not see a problem and felt Downtown was remarkably vibrant. This was not
a priority when compared to other assignments given to Staff. He could not
support the recommendations set forth in the Memo.

Council Member Espinosa wanted to understand the proposal. He inquired
whether Staff interpreted the proposal to require a study or to state a
requirement for retention.

Mr. Williams stated a certain level of data analysis and some discussion of
economic impact was needed before Staff could formulate recommendations.
Staff had to follow the public process in terms of engaging the Downtown
community and the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to discuss the involvement of the
public and Downtown businesses and property owners in the process.


                                                                      Page 10 of 24
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/5/12
