MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to
accept Staff recommendation to: 1) accept the Long Range Facilities Plan
(LRFP) for the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (Plant) (hardcopies of
this report were provided to the Council, and copies of the report are
available for public viewing on the City’s public website and at libraries and
the City Clerk’s office); 2) direct Staff to prepare a bio-solids facility plan to
finalize a bio-solids treatment and disposal option and retire the Plant
incinerators as soon as practical; 3) direct Staff to evaluate bio-solids
treatment options including potential green waste, food waste, and other
organic treatment options arising from the Energy/Compost Facility
evaluation; and 4) direct Staff to develop a Financing Plan for the LRFP.
Furthermore, to accept Staff recommendation to:1) accept the Action Plan
and Timeline for Consideration of an Energy/Compost Facility, 2) adopt a
Budget Amendment Ordinance 5160 in the amount of $174,157 to provide
an additional appropriation for Amendment No. 2 to Contract No. C11136602
with Alternative Resources Incorporated, 3) approve and authorize the City
Manager or his designee to execute the attached contract amendment No. 2
to Contract No. C11136602 with Alternative Resources, Inc. in the amount of
$290,224 for assisting the City in implementation of the Action Plan and
Timeline for Consideration of an Energy/Compost Facility, for a total not to
exceed contract amount of $517,682, and 4) direct Staff to prepare an
Organics Resource Recovery Strategy (ORRS).

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

9.    Colleagues Memo From Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Members Burt,
      Holman, and Schmid on Council Direction Regarding “Benefits
      Strategy”.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid           moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to direct Staff to agendize      by the end of September 2012 the
discussion of the items contained in    the Colleague’s Memo on sustainable
pensions, retiree healthcare, other      benefits, and incentives for career
employment.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd discussed the majority needed to pass the State
budget.

Vice Mayor Scharff reported that he was recently appointed as an alternate
to the Association of Bay Area Governments Board.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 10:07 P.M.

                                        6                            07/02/2011
