coverage and not on public health.      He asked if they would include public
health issues as the buffer shrinks.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that it ended composting once there was enough
compost material unless Staff made a determination that there was a
significant value in keeping the permit. If Staff made that determination, he
said that he hoped Staff would not make it lightly. He said that if that was
true then Council Members Burt and Shepherd were right and the City
Council should look at what was meant by significant value and then could
decide if that changed anything.

Council Member Holman said the original Motion eliminated number four,
which meant that they were not continuing windrow composting. She said
that what she heard in the description was that they would continue the
windrow composting until there was enough to complete the cap.

Mayor Yeh clarified that was under number five.

Council Member Espinosa said that he wanted to switch gears and discuss
the issues raised by the capping delay. He said that he had real concerns
about this and had thought about amendments. He said that he knew Mr.
Keene had come to the process wanting to be objective and fair and very
compelling in his arguments about how this was necessary. However, he
stated that he was still concerned about delays. He questioned what the
timeline looked like and indicated he wanted to know if it would change as
the City goes through its work in the course of a year. He said that since
this is a seasonal work plan he did not want to end up a year from now
having to delay another season.       He asked if Staff had ideas about
something that could be put in to make sure Council was aware of the
timeline.

Mr. Keene said that the original process and action of awarding the contract
to ARI with a return to Council in June 2012 was designed to lay out the
timeline moving forward. He said that at that point if the Council found the
depth and details of the recommendations unsatisfactory it would be in a
position to make changes. He said there was not enough information to
estimate that right now but that June 2012 was a quick turnaround. He said
that Mr. Bobel was clear that any decision to not proceed with closing and
capping the landfill right now essentially created the one year delay because
of the way the construction season worked. He said that without the
seasonal problem Staff would recommend returning in three or four months
and then the Council could make the determinations and get right to work,
but that was not the case. He said that in June 2012 the Council would have

                                  29                     February 6, 2012
  
