                               MINUTES
could be utilized by businesses adjacent to the treatment areas, where they
preserved angled parking, and where there were new shade trees that
extended over the roadway. He said that even if there was not an extended
use, the corridor itself still benefited by the widening. The transition slide
showed all of the sidewalk widening or green space that had been dispersed
through the entire corridor. Staff thought that plan responded well to the
comments made by Council about disbursing the improvement areas for the
project throughout the whole corridor. He said they were asking Council to
consider approval of the preferred street alignment so Staff could advance
the street design for the project.

David Gates, Consultant said he thought the concept was perfect because
the City had a new urbanist live/work set of communities. He said that a
complete street was a combination of pedestrians, bicycles, shopping,
eating, and was a place to be. He thought the study made it a better and
safer place to be. Starting at El Camino Real the green areas were new
landscape. Cars were slowed with additional bicycle parking zones. The
parking was reconfigured in different patterns which allowed them to plant
and create a new pedestrian paving zone. There were existing art elements
and news racks which were staying in place. There was a textured zone that
described the outer edge of the parking and made it feel safer for the
parking zone versus the bicycle zone versus the travel zone. What was
currently a 40 foot zone for four cars and bikes turned into a 36 foot zone
for two cars and bikes. He said that the large trees were new trees but
noted that the existing trees were all being saved. He showed a walking
zone and a seating vital active zone with opportunities for large scale trees.
They were doubling the number of trees and maintaining the art. They
created seating areas in the bulb out zone so that the areas were usable.
They widened crossings, planted new trees and landscaping, maintained art,
and placed bike racks. He showed Council what a bulb out would look like.
The mid zone was set up so it could be blocked off for temporary use. He
said that if you removed the cars there was the existing sidewalk and a
wider zone for useable space that was far more efficient than what was
currently there. Further to the east he showed the Mollie Stone’s zone which
had loading zones, bus pull outs, more trees, and new seating areas. He
said the streetscape would be refreshed, cooler, more usable, more vital,
and significantly safer. They had gained additional space since the first
Council meeting by moving around the parking and the patterns.

Mr. Williams said that one of the things they wanted to emphasize was the
change in the cross section of the street from the existing situation to what
was being proposed. The new scenario was a 15 foot wide travel lane with a
three foot band before the parking area, so there was 18 feet total. It was a
36 foot wide cross section for two travel lanes. They thought that was a
                                                                        Page 32 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
