                               MINUTES
should include projects the community could relate to. Two-thirds of voters
would not support a bond measure primarily to construct the Public Safety
Building.

Council Member Holman agreed with other Council Members that the Public
Safety Building was a top priority. The Post Office was next in priority,
because it would require an initial investment and would attract support for
the bond measure. She included the Cubberley issue as a priority, but not a
dollar amount. The public would support surface improvements. Buildings
needed improvements now to prevent more extensive and costly repairs in
the future. The Bicycle Bridge and the Bicycle-Pedestrian Plan were both
important, but the Bicycle Bridge created some opportunities. The public
had been waiting for improvements to Byxbee Park, and the investment was
small compared to the physical improvement. Including Animal Services in
the bond measure would add the community's support for the bond measure
and resolve issues concerning Animal Services. She did not include a
Municipal Services Center, because a plan for the site had not been
presented to the Council and the dollar amount had not been explained. She
could be tempted into adding fire stations. She also did not include the Civic
Center, because the public would not support it and it did not serve the
majority of the public.

Council Member Burt stated it was difficult to have a meaningful discussion
without information regarding the potential revenue from different forms of
taxation and without knowing the voter threshold. He considered which
projects had other likely revenue streams. Much of the funding for the
Bicycle-Pedestrian Plan was available through grants. The water control
plant was a different revenue source. $200 million for Cubberley was a high
number. There was not an immediate need for new projects at Cubberley;
however, deferred maintenance could be an immediate need. He did not
include the Bicycle Bridge, because it was a candidate for grants. His first
priority was the Public Safety Building, and a close second was the fire
stations. If the Council could reduce the cost of the Public Safety Building,
then perhaps the voters would support other projects. He wondered if the
community would support funding elements of the Bicycle Master Plan for
which grants were not available. The City needed a master plan for parks to
ensure uses were aligned with future needs. He did not have enough
information to determine whether the City needed to spend $14.5 million on
parks in the near future as part of essential catch-up projects. His two key
priorities were the Public Safety Building and fire stations, with a strong
interest in knowing the public support for those and other items.

Council Member Klein stated the City's AAA rating was meaningless unless
the City used it. The City's bond capacity was the amount the public would
                                                                        Page 19 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/13/12
