discussed the $41 million catch-up findings from IBRC. She commented
these items were funded, but the Council still needed to restructure the
budget to cashflow all items.

Mr. Keene reported the $2.2 million was guidance the Council had given
Staff, but the Council had yet to adopt the first budget including that.

Council Member Shepherd knew when the UUT went out in 1987, it was
identified with paying the lease for Cubberley and pothole repairs. She
stated it was identified with Infrastructure, though not to the point of
specifying it for Infrastructure. She indicated if the Council specified it for
Infrastructure, it would need to be a super majority vote.

Ms. Stump believed there was some material in the advocacy for the
measure in 1987 that discussed the kinds of things the tax could be used
for, but she did not believe there was an actual advisory measure placed on
the ballot.

Council Member Shepherd agreed. She had read the documents and there
was material both for and against the initiative. She was interested in
reviewing the UUT. She thought the Council should consider a telephone
tax, because she noticed in the SEA Report that 26 percent of households
surveyed did not have a landline. She wanted to make sure the Council was
thoughtful about it.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Shepherd, moved seconded by Council
Member XXXX to have Policy and Services Committee evaluate the
Telephone User Tax for the November 2012 ballot.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

Mayor Yeh noted a Cubberley process would unfold, and there would be an
opportunity to have that discussion.

Council Member Shepherd stated it was not about putting something on the
ballot at the Cubberley conversation. She said it was actually putting it on
the ballot and ensuring that the telephone users tax was reviewed and
appropriately taxed in order to match Infrastructure.

Council Member Burt reported the Motion would include that, but not
predetermine which tax. He felt that was the position of the Council.

Council Member Shepherd wanted Policy & Services to consider this as a tax
that might actually get on the November ballot in a way to solidify the
commitment to those funds.
                                   47                    March 26, 2012
