                               MINUTES

Mark Hager disagreed with the previous speakers, and encouraged the
Council to review Packets for the overwhelming endorsement of Option C.
He understood from Ms. Merkes that the current roadway was an emergency
vehicle and service delivery path. This option was the most cost effective
and provided a few more parking spaces. Staff incorrectly indicated Option
C only saved the Garden. It was not just about saving the Garden for
gardeners; it was about saving a resource for the citizens of and visitors to
Palo Alto. A road would create traffic and, regardless of speed, cars would
pass too close to a park space. He asked the Council to consider Palo Alto's
values of increasing pedestrian and bicycle access and protecting green
space. He had monitored parking before construction on the Art Center
began and currently, and could find a parking space.

Barbara Kerckhoff, a gardener at the Community Garden, had noticed more
walkers than gardeners used the space at any given time. People used the
park to walk and jog, to walk their dogs, and to paint landscapes. The
current unpaved road was a wide walking trail rarely used by vehicles. None
of the options increased Community Garden space. This was an opportunity
to decide in favor of pedestrians, gardens, and green space. She asked the
Council to preserve the peacefulness of that area as it now existed.

Ute Engelke did not favor a roadway, because so much space was already
dedicated to cars. Creating a campus was a fantastic idea and would
highlight and incorporate the Garden. Having cars go through that beautiful
campus seemed a bad idea.

Herb Borock supported Option D.         If the Council chose Option D, he
suggested the roadway be narrow to prevent cars from using it. Stanford
University had a policy of prohibiting vehicles within the campus. Options A
and B would not create a campus. Option C provided a connection between
a building and a parking lot. The Council should decide if a new pathway
was needed. If the Council chose a pathway, it should be narrow enough to
prevent use by vehicles.

Bern Beecham stated renovating the Main Library and the Art Center would
substantially increase their functionality and usage. These actions were
intended to attract a renewed generation to these facilities. The City was
making some additional parking spaces available, not taking additional space
for parking spaces. Option A was well thought out, and the Staff Report
showed it was the best option for the broader community. He noted use of
the Downtown Library had increased after its renovation, and hoped the
same would occur at these facilities. The City needed to optimize the space

                                                                        Page 9 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/21/12
