                               MINUTES
Lisa Webster, TheatreWorks Board Member supported having an area that
promoted the arts and transportation. She urged the Council to have an
Advisory Ballot Measure and to support TheatreWorks.

Nadia Naik felt the project was an opportunity to begin alleviating traffic
congestion throughout the City.

Aram James stated the project did not consider humanity. He suggested
one or two buildings be set aside for an endowment for housing with funds
going to mental health services.

Council Member Holman asked if two of the locations for the MacArthur Park
Restaurant building included the Olympic Grove.

Mr. Emslie answered yes. Location 1 saved the Olympic Grove and Location
2 interfered with the Olympic Grove. Location 3 was at the parking lot and
Location 4 was next to Alma Street.

Council Member Holman recalled Council discussions regarding incorporating
the MacArthur Park Restaurant Building into the project site. She inquired
about the vision to link the Downtown with Stanford University.

Mr. Fukuji explained the vision was to have a large, public open space at the
end of Palm Drive with three blocks from University Avenue to San
Francisquito Creek divided by a mid-block pedestrian walk way.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff had considered an overpass
for pedestrians and bicycles across El Camino Real.

Mr. Fukuji felt it was better to keep pedestrians at grade than to have an
overcrossing. The places for improvements were the intersection at Quarry
Road and the Palm Drive/University Avenue Bridge crossing El Camino Real.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to explain the intention of the
statement on page 174 of the Staff Report regarding evaluation of future
applications for uses in the area.

Mr. Emslie explained the intention was for the current site only. It was not
meant to influence any project outside the proposed arts and innovation
district.

Council Member Holman felt the project did not complement the scale and
character of Downtown as stated in the Staff Report. A considerable amount
of study and analysis was needed before presenting the project to the public
                                                                       Page 17 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/24/12
