housing on it. He said that Council should recognize that they needed to
reduce the scale of the building which would also reduce the amount of
parking needed and in turn reduce the potential for overflow parking in the
neighborhood. He said that further discussion was needed. He agreed with
Council Member Burt who talked about process. He did not feel Council could
make a final decision that evening. He said that the basic decision they could
make was whether this should be a five story or a four story building. He
stated that there had been confusion about if the project should just address
the parking it would create. He thought it should go further than that as it
was a PC which should have public benefits, not just park or house itself.
That was what Council saw as the tradeoff for getting more than the existing
zoning. He said that the two benefits that stood out for the City to obtain
were funds for additional parking in the area and funds for affordable housing
elsewhere in the community. The reason not to have housing at that project
was because it was not cost effective. He thought more units could be built
elsewhere as this was a very expensive property. This particular site would
produce BMR units that were ridiculously expensive and he thought the money
would be better used elsewhere. He also stated that the City Council should
not get into the nonprofit business for the same reasons. It was very
expensive space for a nonprofit and it would only be for one nonprofit. He
stated that he saw many problems in choosing the one nonprofit. It sounded
appealing, but if the Applicant wanted to do something for nonprofits it could
do so on its own. He said that many other landlords had found spaces for
nonprofits over the years.

Council Member Schmid thought the discussion of office space and private
gain was very important. He said that the increase of office space by 32,000
square feet, if it was worth $5.00 a square foot in the market would generate
$2 million a year, which at present value comes to a value of $30 million
dollars. He said that the public benefit should be a bigger participant in the
PC. He said that the City Council deciding that evening if the money should
go to nonprofit or retail was not appropriate. He said that he was upset about
the loss of housing. He understood that they were expensive units and had
been quoted in the Staff report at $625,000 for a 500 square foot studio, but
he did not want to have a precedent that there should be no BMR’s in
expensive neighborhoods. He saw this project as a big mixed use
development near transit where housing was an appropriate use. He asked
the maker of the Substitute Motion to accept a modification of at least
continuing to look at BMR units.

Council Member Klein said that was inconsistent with reducing the size of the
building by a story.

Council Member Schmid asked if Council Member Klein was suggesting just
taking off the BMR’s.
                                  43                    March 12, 2012
