Robert Moss noted the infrastructure problems dated back 30 years, when
Proposition 13 was passed and the City's budget was reduced by millions.
He indicated the City spent $1 million on street repairs in 1979, $295,000 in
1982, and slightly increased Capital Improvements funding in 1991, but
never met the level spent in earlier decades. He stated the City spent
approximately $1.25 million to repair Terman because the School District did
not maintain it. At Cubberley, he noted the City spent over $3.8 million
because the School District did not maintain it. He disagreed with the
Report's recommendation regarding a business license tax. He felt the City
should not be giving $1.7 million to the School District to prevent closure of
schools. He suggested the City place money into an account for capital
improvements to cover pop-ups and matching grants.

Tim Gray wanted the City to have a better financial foundation through
implementing infrastructure improvements. He stated standard business
practice was to set aside a small reserve each year to replace assets. He
thought the City needed to set aside more than $41 million. He felt citizens
were being asked for a bond to bail out previous years' deficits. He viewed
government as a valuable service provider, but thought government needed
to be restrained and right-sized. He wanted to reign in spending, inventory
City services, prioritize and trim.

Mayor Yeh asked for questions from Council Members regarding the Public
Safety section.

Council Member Burt asked for specific numbers comparing Palo Alto to San
Mateo in terms of population and size and cost of the building.

Mr. Keene said those figures would be provided at the retreat on Saturday.

Council Member Burt asked for an update comparing the IBRC's
recommendation of remodeling two fire stations to an earlier study's
information of combining fire stations.

Mr. Keene thought this was possible; however, it might be part of a larger
policy discussion better suited for the City Council.

Council Member Klein inquired if Staff used the same numbers for the
estimated cost of the Public Safety Building as those provided four years
ago.

Mr. Harris indicated the numbers were similar but not the same. He stated
Public Works had reviewed square footage and added elements for fire
administration and an emergency operation center, then updated the
estimated cost to today's figures.



                                     15                          01/17/2012
