Mr. Perez indicated Staff would review that to determine if it was associated
with sales tax.

Council Member Schmid was confused by dedicated tax and advisory
measure.    He hypothesized revenue from an advisory tax was spent
elsewhere, and asked if someone could bring a lawsuit on that basis.

Ms. Stump reported if it was structured that way, it was advisory only and
would be a general tax. She explained it would go into the General Fund
and be subject to the Council's budgetary setting authority each year, and
annually the Council would make a determination of the appropriate
programs and services to spend the funds on.

Council Member Schmid inquired if there would be little connection between
an advisory measure and funding, four or five years down the road.

Ms. Stump stated the level and strength of the connection was a question of
the approach of the elected officials in that community to the advisory vote.

Mr. Saccio referred to attachment 2E, which connected Staff's discussion to
the IBRC options of funding new facilities, keep-up and catch-up. He
reported an IBRC funding option was a three-eighths-cent sales tax increase
to fund keep-up and catch-up. He referred to attachment 2C regarding tax
resources. He stated he would review the tax items, but not fees, because
they provided the majority of revenues. He explained the numbers in the
IBRC report were different from numbers in Staff's report, because the
second column was the adjusted and projected budget for 2012. He noted a
one-eighth-cent increase in sales tax would generate approximately $2.7
million provided other variables remained equal. He stated a $1 increase in
the documentary transfer tax would increase revenue by $1.4 million. He
indicated the City did not have an option to change property tax. He noted
the business license tax information had been shared previously. He said
the attachment included information of how these taxes were shared by
residents versus businesses, and some brief pros and cons. He reported the
TOT was last increased in 2008, the documentary transfer tax in 1992, and
the UUT in 1987. He noted a wealth of information on comparative statistics
on TOT, the documentary transfer tax and the UUT was presented at a high
level. He reported the TOT was recently increased from 10 percent to 12
percent. He stated some nearby cities were at 10 percent and some were at
12 percent, but Palo Alto was in the upper range except for some much
larger cities. He indicated property transfer taxes were at the high end,
while Sunnyvale, Menlo Park and Redwood City were below Palo Alto's rate.



                                  39                    March 26, 2012
