recalled the Council had asked for a schedule, and Staff had provided an
Information Item that indicated Staff would return in June.

Mr. Sartor reported Staff had discussed reviewing the Public Safety Building
based on the previous IBRC Report. He had contacted Mike Ross of Ross
Drulis Cusenbery, who would work with Staff to determine ways to right-size
the building, incorporate Fire Administration, reduce space for Police
Administration, repurpose some spaces. He noted work would be done in
the next couple of months, and Staff would return to the Council at the
Retreat in June with recommendations.

Mr. Emslie provided an update on Staff work that had transpired since the
Council last discussed this topic several weeks ago and provided Staff
direction. He reported Staff had drafted and submitted a letter of interest
addressed to the Director of the United Stated Postal Services Facilities,
David Rouse. He stated the letter reflected the Council's direction to Staff to
express its interest in pursuing a purchase agreement with the possibility of
retaining the Post Office in a smaller footprint within the building on a lease-
back basis if the City purchased the building. He indicated Staff had heard
informally from the Post Office that they would prepare a response to this
letter within the next several weeks, as late as May 2012. He was pleased
to report that Staff was proceeding with a property appraisal, a structural
and building condition report, and a historic assessment of the building. He
noted those studies were underway, and stated Staff would provide
information to the City Council as it was made available, acknowledging that
time was of the essence. He said the Post Office continued to reinforce its
interest in completing a sale transaction quickly on this site in order to move
forward in addressing their budget issues, as it clearly communicated to the
Council several weeks ago.

Council Member Burt was concerned that the Council continued to have the
discussion concerning the Post Office without explaining why this would be a
good deal for the City and how it would save money. He was familiar with
the prospective purposes of using the Post Office building to house the
Development Center, for which the City was paying a high price to lease
office space nearby. He asked if Staff was exploring this as the most likely
use for the Post Office building, and did purchasing the Post Office building
appear to be a potential cost savings.

Mr. Emslie reported Staff was considering any City function located in a
leased facility such as the Development Center and portions of the Utilities
Department. He stated those would return revenue to the City by reducing
rent payments and amortizing some costs through either fees or rates. He
noted that also could generate a source of funding for the purchase.

                                   34                     March 26, 2012
