Mr. Fehrenbach reported for new auto sales it was slightly over $2 million.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if that was up from last year.

Mr. Fehrenbach was not sure about last year; however, he stated over the
last ten years it had decreased from approximately $3 million.

Council Member Shepherd asked if it would be helpful for Staff if the Council
moved the Item to a committee.

Mr. Keene noted the first part of the overall discussion concerned Animal
Services. He stated the Council could provide an explicit directive to Staff,
or Staff could assume they were to proceed with issuing some sort of an RFP
to gather more data and information about alternatives related to the Animal
Services site. He reported Staff would try to get more definition from other
potential partners. He thought Staff did not need further direction if the
Council agreed with the assumptions. He explained time was important with
regard to an RFP; however, the whole issue and the Council's decision was
not time sensitive. He stated it was not clear to Staff where the Council
wanted to go with this, and asked if Council wanted Staff to present
information at a future Infrastructure session or at the Finance Committee.

Council Member Shepherd did not mind sending it to the Finance Committee
to determine economic viability and feasibility of the site and to allow Staff
to obtain a menu of options rather than this narrow speculation on auto
dealers. She asked if Staff wanted a motion.

Mr. Keene reported the Finance Committee's Agenda was full for April and
May. He did not know if a subcommittee discussion on this issue would be
the fastest way to get to a direction. He stated Staff could work with the
Mayor and Vice Mayor on scheduling the right time to return to the Council
for more discussion.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Staff could present to the Finance
Committee what it would be like if the Council tried to make Animal Services
more cost-neutral.

Mr. Keene thought the animal shelter item would be a normal part of budget
discussions with the Finance Committee. He noted there were budget
implications regardless of the Council's decision.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed Staff would work with the Mayor to
determine when the topic would be brought back to the Council.
                                  28                     March 26, 2012
