                               MINUTES
Ms. Stump stated the California Political Reform Act prevented a public
official from making or participating in making any governmental decision
that could have a material financial impact on a source of income to that
official. The City Council traditionally segregated items concerning Stanford
University for separate consideration. The California Fair Political Practices
Commission allowed this type of segmentation when a decision could
reasonably be separated from another decision in which people did not have
conflicts. Staff had separated portions of the Police and Fire Budget and
Capital Improvements Program (CIP) that were funded or had an impact
with Stanford University. The Council would consider those items first.
Council Member Klein and Mayor Yeh were recused from those discussions
through a spousal financial relationship with Stanford University.

Mr. Keene said this would not preclude a subsequent discussion about the
Police and Fire Budgets.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in the Budget
items related to Stanford as his wife was a Stanford faculty member.

Mayor Yeh advised he would not be participating in the Budget items related
to Stanford as his wife received a Ph.D. degree from Stanford University.

Mayor Yeh and Council Member Klein left the meeting at 9:17 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for comments regarding the negotiated rate with
Stanford, CIP items involving Stanford, or Police dispatch.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve Staff and the Finance Committee recommendation that
the City Council adopt the portions of the Police and Fire Department
Budgets and CIP relating to Stanford University for the Fiscal Year 2013 and
the Ordinance portions related thereto.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Klein, Yeh abstaining

Mayor Yeh and Council Member Klein returned to the meeting at 9:19 P.M.

Council Member Price felt strongly regarding training and professional
development for Staff, and recognized an increase in funding from the past
few years.   She asked Staff to comment on funding for professional
development and training.

Kathryn Shen, Human Resources Director, reported her Staff was currently
conducting a needs assessment for training and development of all City
                                                                        Page 15 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/18/12
