                                MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to accept Staff recommendation and direct Staff to issue a
Request for Proposal (RFP) for services to develop a citywide proposal to
provide for wireless communication facilities, including the potential use of
City electric utility substations, City Hall and other city-owned properties by
wireless communications providers, to better meet the community’s need for
a City-wide wireless network. Council should specifically direct Staff to:

   1. Initiate the request for proposal process, including preparing the RFP,
      seeking bidders and selecting a vendor.
   2. Evaluate zoning ordinance amendments to address height and site
      development standards for such facilities, and to provide for
      expeditious review of projects and subsequent collocations.
   3. Explore and develop City actions to encourage the use of collocation
      facilities, including but not limited to approaches such as a ministerial
      permit review process and streamlined utility and encroachment
      permit reviews.
   4. Within 6 months of Council action, report back to Council with the
      citywide service proposal and study, as well as initiate proposed code
      modifications and any recommended incentives to use the City’s
      proposed network.

Council Member Klein indicated Staff recommendations were now clear.

Council Member Shepherd expected Staff to move forward on this Item,
because it was a good thing for Palo Alto.

Council Member Burt asked Staff to explain why the recommendation did not
contain the list of elements for an RFP.

Mr. Williams reported Staff was concerned that revisions to the list during
the RFP process would require a return to Council, and that other elements
could not be added. The level of specificity restricted Staff too much.

Council Member Burt was comfortable with Staff following the general thrust
of the elements, but procedurally he had misgivings. The Council should
consistently provide clear directions.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff's report in six months would
be an information or agendized Item.

Mr. Williams stated it would be an agendized Item to allow the Council to
provide input and direction. He did not know whether the study would be
complete or substantially complete.


07-02-2012                                                              111-124
