                                MINUTES
the reduction of floor area. If the corner space was strictly retail, there
would be a gain of 12 parking spaces.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, advised
there had been substantial modification to the design. The long façade had
been broken up and opened to the courtyard to give the impression of three
distinct portions of the building. Staff felt the center portion of the building
should have different colors and be constructed of different materials to
enhance the appearance of three different components.

James Janz, Hohbach Representative recalled the Council had directed Mr.
Hohbach to address design changes to accommodate goals articulated by
Staff. They provided a pedestrian entrance at the north end of the building
in addition to the main entrance for vehicular and pedestrian access. They
kept the entrance off Page Mill Road to allow pedestrian flow from Caltrain.
Water features were located at the main entrance and in the courtyard.
They removed an apartment unit from the second floor and the third floor
and 2,500 square feet of R&D space. The main entrance previously had a
deck at the second floor level. Removing the deck allowed light and air into
the courtyard and the addition of windows and balconies on apartment units.
The project consisted of the corner tower, the first section, the pedestrian
entrance, the second section with four corner apartments, the entrance to
the underground garage, the main entrance, and the building facing the
street. There could be landscaping, monuments or sculptures. They wanted
to include retail uses, if they could locate tenants.

Bob Moss, Appellant stated the drawings were not accurate and did not
represent the actual building. Such inaccuracies included the entrance to
the underground garage and the number of trees and bushes. In particular,
the drawings did not show the rear view of the 450-foot long wall, as high as
59 feet, facing Alma Street and the railroad tracks. The wall violated Policy
5 to have developments consistent with existing buildings. The project
ignored contamination which would cause serious health problems. The
consultant's letter indicated they could reduce the magnitude of
Trichloroethylene (TCE). However, the original submission indicated the
level of TCE remaining was three times the level allowed in residential areas.
They never proposed testing TCE in the residential area, which violated EPA
policy. The project violated the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).
He quoted the 2007 court ruling regarding actions to be taken by the City.
The project failed the design test, the compatibility test, the toxicity test,
and the CEQA test. He recommended the Council direct the applicant to
correct these problems or not approve the project. Council's approval of this
project would be a bad precedent.             He suggested eliminating the



06/25/2012                                                                111-79
