Council Member Burt inquired if the statement that noise was not an issue
was relative to compliance with the noise ordinance or was a subjective
statement indicating the noise was insignificant.

Planner, Clare Cambell indicated the statement was relative to compliance
with the noise ordinance.

Council Member Burt asked if there was a subjective description of the noise
level as residents had indicated it was a significant background noise.

Mr. Williams stated Staff had requested a mock up at a site to allow Staff to
experience the noise level prior to the installation becoming operational;
however, the applicant had not been able to comply with that request prior
to the hearing.

Council Member Burt noted Staff had recommended the elimination of the
battery backup system while ARB recommended including it. He inquired
why Architectural Review would add equipment, and why did Staff oppose
the battery backup.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff opposed the battery backup due to its visibility,
but realized the lack of battery backup was a detriment to coverage in
emergency situations. He said ARB felt it wasn’t visually intrusive enough to
remove it from the pole, while it served a desirable purpose.

Council Member Burt asked if there was another color choice that would
make the equipment less visible.

Ms. Young stated a green tone was the color of Palo Alto. She noted AT&T
prepared renderings using a green and a brown tone. She indicated the ARB
felt the green tone would blend in with a nearby evergreen tree; however, in
this situation a green tone would be prominent. Concerning the battery
backup system, she said the ARB felt having a second unit nearby in the
same color was a reasonable trade-off for the benefit of having cell service
during emergency situations.

Council Member Burt asked what type of batteries were being used, and
whether more compact batteries were a feasible alternative that would
reduce the size of the box.

Ms. Young stated Staff did not know the size; however, the Conditions of
Approval specifically required the applicant to install smaller cabinets as
technology improved.
                                   8                   January 23, 2012
 
