                               MINUTES
potential offsite consequences of an incident or the use of the hazardous
materials at CPI, the transparency of the process so that residents were
aware of what was going on as it occurred, and having the study completed
within the outlined timeframe. He said it required the cooperation of CPI,
which he hoped they would offer. He noted that it did not happen with the
amortization study, which turned a two month project into a two year
project. He added that he wanted the consultant to meet with residents,
particularly those that lived adjacent to CPI to view firsthand the proximity
of their homes to the areas where the hazardous materials was used and
hazardous waste was stored. He thought the other recommendations in the
Staff report as to the zoning and land use and the appropriate siting of
hazardous materials facilities near residential zones would be very valuable
to the City. He thought this was a topic the City needed to understand and
that the study would be helpful.

Jeff Dean wanted to thank the Staff for their work on the proposal. He said
that they were very anxious to get the project moving and asked the Council
to approve the recommendation. He said residents were displeased with the
amortization study because it took so long. He asked the Council to consider
that if the study was not completed in approximately nine months that they
request an update from Staff.

Sandy Sloan said her business was on Alma Street in Menlo Park. She was
present on behalf of CPI, since CPI’s Primary Attorney, who had written
Council several letters, was unable to attend that evening’s meeting. CPI
supported the Staff recommendation and thought it was essential the City
had accurate, independent information in order to evaluate the plating shop.

Bob Moss agreed that adopting the Staff report and hiring the consultant
was a good idea. He thought what Mr. Lieberman commented on explained
the issues and that Council needed an authoritative evaluation of the issues
and the situation. He commented that in the event that the result of the
study and discussion a decision was made that they should amortize out the
use of toxics on the site, he wanted to point out that amortizing uses was
not new in Palo Alto. In 1978 the zoning was changed significantly and a
number of locations along El Camino Real were identified to be changed from
commercial to residential and they were put under amortization ranging
from 20 to 25 years depending on when they had been constructed. He said
that every site was amortized within the required period. How long the
amortization period ought to be would be determined when the consultant
returned with his recommendations. He told Council that if amortization was
one of the recommendations, there was no reason to fear adopting it.


                                                                       Page 45 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/4/12
