Council Member Shepherd recalled her experience with moving the location
of an auto dealership and the problems associated with that. She asked if
sites along Embarcadero Road would be considered clean property.

Mr. Emslie noted current practices were diligent in preventing past
occurrences of toxic materials. He reported there was a possibility of some
toxic materials in the site as those dealerships had been located there prior
to modern hazardous material handling standards. He explained toxic
materials at an auto dealer were generally hydrocarbon based, which did not
migrate to groundwater as quickly and were easier to remove than other
chemical solvents. He stated there would most likely be some cleanup on
those sites.

Council Member Shepherd stated there would be a period of time for
cleanup. She asked if the City had been diligent about toxic materials on the
MSC site.

Mr. Sartor stated current practices were above the requirements of the
regulatory agencies. He reported the former fuel station site had some
minor soil contamination from the storage tanks. Beyond that he was not
aware of any particular contaminants.

Council Member Shepherd indicated there were other industries easier to
move than auto dealerships. She wanted to make sure the Council was
thinking about everything, because the potential to make $1 million to $2
million from this site might not work for other reasons. She wondered if the
Council wanted to have Honda as the anchor for an auto row, when there
were other auto dealerships. She thought it would be worthwhile to think
strategically about the class of dealerships to be located there. She wanted
to see some prospectus for a retail area relating to use of the Baylands. She
thought retail might not be as cyclical as auto dealerships, and might
become a destination spot for Palo Alto residents.

Council Member Burt asked if the City stored park maintenance vehicles and
materials within the MSC site.

Mr. Sartor reported lawn mowers and those kinds of things were maintained
at the MSC. There was park storage at the Golf Course.

Council Member Burt noted there was approximately two acres at the Golf
Course, near the tower at the airport, which was used for material storage
rather than maintenance vehicles. He said it looked underutilized and


                                  24                    March 26, 2012
