                               MINUTES
Dick Maltzman, Board Member of TheatreWorks wanted the theatre. The
concept of the development was an example of Mr. Arrillaga's vision. He felt
the project would benefit Palo Alto.

Norman Beamer expressed concern about traffic on University Avenue
resulting from the project. The office building was not needed and would not
facilitate innovation.

Robert Moss indicated a large theatre was not needed for successful
productions. The building would not be occupied for many years, because of
the amount of money needed to complete it.            TheatreWorks would
determine uses of the parkland. The figures Staff was utilizing for traffic
was incorrect. The City did not need an A&I District.

Susie Richardson agreed with Ms. Mossar's comments.         She urged the
Council to consider traffic problems first.

Ian Irwin felt the process had been derailed. TheatreWorks did not need a
new facility. The bike path was not appropriate. He opposed the project
and requested public input.

Don Kenyon opposed the concept of the project. Palo Alto did not need
additional office buildings. Bike paths would not solve traffic problems.

Herb Borock urged the Council to take no further action until a complete
application was submitted. Staff and consultants should comply with the
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), zoning ordinances, conflict of
interest provisions of the Political Reform Act, and Title 19 of the Code.

Fred Balin felt Staff and Council Member actions were inappropriate.
Stanford University would be the applicant of the formal application. The
Council should insist that primary public benefits be essential to the
community and commensurate to applicant gain.

Jennifer Landesmann objected to the height of the project. The height and
footprint of the project was inappropriate for the size of the site.

Gina Jorasch stated TheatreWorks provided a cultural option for children.
This was an opportunity for TheatreWorks to move to Palo Alto. She hoped
the Council would make the project work.

Bruce McLeod reported the general standard for the fly loft was three times
the height of the proscenium. He encouraged the Council to consider mixed-

                                                                      Page 23 of 32
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/3/12
