ACTION ITEMS

1.    Council Retreat for Further Discussion of Infrastructure Investment
      and Renewal; Direction to Staff Regarding:

      a.    Revenue Generating Uses for Bayshore Sites, City’s Service
            Delivery Model for Animal Services, and/or Municipal Services
            Center Site Utilization.

James Keene, City Manager noted Council had asked Staff to schedule this
Session as an Action Item, however, this was more similar to a Study
Session that allowed the Council to receive in-depth information on issues.
Staff had organized the Agenda to respond to themes reflected in the
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC) Report; issues such as the
Municipal Services Center (MSC), catch-up/keep-up, the Public Safety
Building, and funding options. Staff was trying to identify issues in a timely
manner for Council to review.

Pam Antil, Assistant City Manager indicated the IBRC recommended Staff
study the Municipal Service Center (MSC) and East Embarcadero Corridor;
however, Staff was not prepared to discuss that fully because the study had
just begun. She reported a number of issues had converged, causing Staff
to present a piece of that study concerning the property housing Animal
Services. She stated the City was in a regional partnership including the
City of Mountain View who had provided the required one-year notice of
termination in November 2011 leaving the partnership in November 2012.
The City of Mountain View represented approximately 30 percent of the
animals handled and $450,000 in revenues. The IBRC was aware of this
change as it reviewed the MSC, and suggested Staff examine the shelter’s
service-delivery model. The Budget Office had recommended Staff consider
alternative service-delivery models in order to close a budget gap. The City
had been in the Animal Services business since 1934, and the current
shelter opened operations in 1972. The idea of regional partnerships came
to the City in 1993 with Mountain View, Los Altos and Los Altos Hills. Los
Altos and Los Altos Hills were still part of the partnership, only Mountain
View had withdrawn. The City provided an extremely high level of service,
and was very highly rated. Animal Services had 12 full-time employees,
including a veterinarian, and about 52 volunteers who donated a
tremendous number of hours throughout the year. The budget was $1.8
million annually for Animal Services, with approximately $1.1 million in
annual revenues from the cost-sharing partnership and fees for services.
Animal Services had a net cost to the City of approximately $700,000, prior
to the anticipated loss of revenue of $450,000 from Mountain View's
departure. Staff wanted to discuss service-delivery options should the City
decide to look at the property as it related to revenue-generating or
                                   2                     March 26, 2012
