                               MINUTES
supervisor to individual contributors, professionals and confidential
administrators. This group had not had a salary increase since 2008,
forfeited Variable Management Compensation (VMC) in 2009, implemented
the second pension tier in 2010.

Sandra Blanch, Assistant Director Human Resources reported structural
changes were in line with changes for other employee groups. Under the
pension, the management employees would pay a 7 percent or 8 percent
employee share of the first contribution.    Under the medical benefit,
employees would pay 10 percent of their monthly health premium as actives
and future retirees.     For medical benefits for part-time employees,
employees would pay toward medical benefits. The medical waiver benefit
was reduced to a single rate.

Ms. Shen explained newly hired and newly promoted department directors,
assistant directors, division managers, and key individual positions would be
designated as at-will employees. They would be provided a severance
clause beginning at 30 days of severance pay at the beginning of
employment and adding one week for each year of service to a maximum of
90 days (after eight years of employment). The probation time period
increased from six months to twelve months for new hires and promotions if
they were not at-will employees. The total savings would be $536,000; the
General Fund portion was $245,000, including a 3 percent cost of living
adjustment (COLA). The last COLA increase was in July 2008. The impact
to a typical employee's paycheck was -4 percent on average.              Staff
requested the Council adopt two Resolutions: the new compensation plan,
and amendments to Chapter 9 of the Merit System Rules and Regulations.

Stephanie Munoz stated the problem was not vested rights; it was contract
rights. The City was paying the penalty for the Brown Act exempting
employee negotiations. The City could not make changes to health benefits.
Health insurance was a part of unemployment insurance. The medical
insurance system was not workable.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to: 1) adopt the resolution adopting a new compensation plan for
Management and Professional and Council Appointed Officers effective the
pay periods beginning July 1, 2012 and continuing in effect until revised, and
2) amending the Merit System Rules and Regulations to change the
probationary period from six to twelve months.

Council Member Klein did not consider the 3 percent increase as a COLA,
because the employee group did not receive a pay increase. If the City did
not have the 3 percent salary reconciliation, then the net reduction in pay
                                                                        Page 31 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/4/12
