                               MINUTES
were covered for weather protection. Additional bike racks were located at
the other entry, at the proposed entry to the Garden, and at the main entry
to the Garden.

Council Member Holman asked if there were bike lockers as well.

Ms. Merkes answered yes.

Council Member Holman inquired if the area with the bike lockers allowed
passage all the way through.

Ms. Merkes described it as a path that did not meet Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) requirements for accessibility.

Rita Morgin stated the community did not need a roadway. A roadway did
not help people. The path idea was good, but neither Option A or B
maximized parking, instead they decreased parking. Option C or a modified
Option B limiting disruption to the annex Garden and not decreasing parking
spaces would be better. The area was an oasis and needed to remain that
way.

Bob Moss as a member of the Library Advisory Commission wanted to
explain the LAC’s rationale. There was currently a driveway between those
two parking lots. It was unpaved, traveled through the Garden, and was
used for delivery trucks and heavy vehicles. The worst case scenario
provided three additional parking spaces. The LAC believed the important
thing was integration of the access between the Art Center and the Main
Library. The Main Library and Art Center would have increased numbers of
events and more people visiting those buildings once they were remodeled.
Currently people had to travel from one parking lot, into the street, and back
into the other parking lot. Residents of the neighborhood stated that was a
problem, because children biked and walked in that area. The LAC felt a
driveway was safer, more appropriate for connecting the two buildings, and
Group 4 indicated the paving would discourage cars from traveling faster
than 15-20 m.p.h. The design included removable bollards. The bollards
could be removed from the roadway during events with high traffic, and left
in the roadway to convert it to a bike and pedestrian path. The roadway
would provide more space for the Community Garden. He recommended
Option A.

Carol Kenyon was a member of the Community Garden, a weekly user of the
Library, and a strong advocate of the Art Center. She favored Option A,
because it connected the campus and focused attention on the two
buildings.
                                                                         Page 8 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/21/12
