                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked for an explanation of the third column entitled
Unfunded Liability/Active Employee or Retiree Combined in the tables
following the Staff Report.

Mr. Ramberg explained Staff had spread the cost across a greater number of
employees.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the table would be submitted to the
Grand Jury.

Mr. Perez indicated the table would be attached to the response.

Council Member Burt noted Grand Jury recommendations which the City was
not legally permitted to make based upon CalPERS regulations. He asked
whether the Grand Jury recommended withdrawing from CalPERS.

Mr. Perez answered no. The suggestion was made in general discussions
during the interview with City Staff. If a city wished to withdraw from
CalPERS, CalPERS reset the rate of return assumption to 3 1/2 percent from
7 percent, which would be a large outstanding liability.

Council Member Burt felt the recommendations and responses were good.
He was surprised by the Grand Jury's lack of awareness of CalPERS
regulations.  He asked Colleagues to consider adding the Colleagues
Memorandum as an addendum to the report. He suggested explaining the
acronym OPEB ARC in Recommendation 5. He had the same question as Mr.
Borock regarding the original non-Public Safety retirement formula.

Mr. Perez indicated Staff would restructure that.

Council Member Burt inquired if the high unfunded liability per capita was
also compounded by the City's Utilities Department Employees.

Mr. Ramberg answered yes. The Utilities Department Employees were
approximately 40 percent of Full Time Equivalents (FTE).

Council Member Burt stated the Utilities almost doubled the unfunded
liability per capita.

Mr. Perez explained it was difficult to compare agencies, because agencies
used different assumptions.

Council Member Burt noted the City fared well when compared to other cities
with regard to the liability per retiree or active employee. The Council had
                                                                          Page 22 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/4/12
