Council Member Klein felt there was not fair notice given to the public or
Council itself to make a decision on the numbers involved.

Mayor Yeh noted his position was for Staff to return with more analysis and
not to take a firm position.

Ms. Stump said her advice was predicated that the Motion would request for
additional information and not for Council to be making a decision or
adjustment to the ARC itself.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd to
direct Staff to return with additional analysis conducted with the consultant
for the different levels of the ARC contributions for the nine different
assumption areas for the February 28, 2012 Finance Committee.

Council Member Shepherd understood there was no boiler plate to the
assumptions and liabilities although it was being worked on. She hoped in
time there would be a smoother manner in which to go about making these
decisions. She felt it was important to have the ranges brought back prior to
the Mid-Year.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on the Motion; it was for Staff
to return to Council with variations.

Mayor Yeh stated the Motion was for Staff to work with the Consultant to
achieve the costs for the additional analysis.

Council Member Schmid said the value of the report before them and the
discussion during the meeting was having an independent Actuary inform
the Council on what his considered opinion was on what Palo Alto may face
in the future. He wanted to ensure the Motion was not requesting any
modification of the independent report.

Mr. Perez agreed the report had been previously approved by the Council
and the work being brought back to the Council was in addition to and not
an alteration to the report from the independent consultant.

Council Member Schmid said if Council did not agree with the numbers, it
was something that should be stated publicly and work with the employees
and public about the consequences.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for clarification on the proposed Motion language
“working with the Consultant for costs for additional analysis.” His
interpretation of the Motion was returning to Council with additional analysis
not costs for additional analysis.


                                     21                           01/30/2012
