                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to schedule a Closed Session on
this item as soon as feasible within the month of June.

Council Member Klein had additional suggested language for the Motion. He
said it was following up on Council Member Schmid’s ideas. He said that the
monthly report to Council should have additional sections up front regarding
progress made since last report. Specifically, he wanted sections regarding
setbacks since the last report and on upcoming milestones or dates to be
met in the coming month. He thought that was useful to the Council and the
general public.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to: 1) direct Staff to return at the next reporting
cycle to further clarify to the public procedures undertaken by Staff to incur
completion of the project: and 2) add additional sections upfront to the bi-
monthly report: progress made since the last report, setbacks, if any, since
the last report, and upcoming milestones to be met in the next bi-monthly
reporting period.

Ms. Stump said that Staff had discussions about the need to take the time to
carefully draft the Motions which were often complex. She said that writing
them out was a nice tool for transparency and that Staff needed to be
careful that Motions were accurately drafted so that what the Council voted
on was in fact what was intended. She knew that took additional time and
patience and Staff appreciated that.

Council Member Schmid said the Staff recommendation mentioned monthly
reports. The reports Council received had varied, sometimes they were
monthly and sometimes they were bi-monthly. If they opted for bi-monthly
that would mean the next report to Council would be due in August, which
was a vacation month. He thought they ought to clarify that the first report
should be before the Council break.

Mr. Keene agreed and said that the next report would be given on July 23,
2012.

Council Member Schmid thought that specific date should be included in the
Motion.

Mr. Bobel said that would work. He noted that the report Council had that
evening was the March/April report, so the July 23, 2012 report would be
the May/June report.

                                                                        Page 16 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
