                                MINUTES

Mr. Hackmann suggested the daily expenditure would be $3 million.

Council Member Klein indicated Federal funds were conditioned on the
project being completed by September 2017. To meet that goal, the project
would spend $3.5 million per day for improvements. No project in the
United States had spent money that rapidly. The Farm Bureaus of Merced
and Madero Counties announced they would file objections to the EIR.
Another lawsuit challenging the blended system was pending.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the tiered environmental
approvals segmented the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) which
was illegal.

City Attorney, Molly Stump deferred to Mr. Hackmann on the structure of the
tiering, because she was not familiar with that matter. She understood it
was not segmenting and did use a tiering practice allowed under the statute.
There were substantial questions about the various phases and their
adequacy under the law.

Council Member Holman believed the practice would segment CEQA.

Mr. Hackmann explained environmental documents ceased to be considered
accurate at a certain point in time, because the environment had changed.
Caltrain planned to electrify the existing corridor in the next five years. The
HSRA planned to complete construction in this corridor in 2026. Thus, the
HSRA did not have enough information to include that in the initial
environmental review. In addition, the timeframe was so far out, the HSRA
did not have the ability to do that. Caltrain wanted to have its project
approved and then, when the HSRA had specific details about its project,
have that additional capacity on the tracks approved.

Council Member Holman felt the issue deserved investigation, because of a
cumulative effect in the environmental process. If the HSRA project was a
known scenario, it should be considered at the same time as the Caltrain
project according to CEQA.

Mr. Hackmann stated he would follow up.

Council Member Price recalled the presentation mentioned the blended
system and the operational analysis performed by Caltrain. She inquired
whether the HSRA or Caltrain would be in charge of that environmental
work.

                                                                         Page 24 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
