                               MINUTES
Dr. Mahamouda Salouhou, Director of European Center for Leadership and
Entrepreneurship Education, student representative thanked the City on
behalf of the group. Visiting the area had changed the students’ mind sets.
The students now understood the human element of STEM. The program
built on the potential of each student.

Mayor Yeh noted Council Members had met the students, and thanked the
students for visiting the region.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Wynn Grcich read an article regarding human absorption of chlorine from
water. Chlorine was a suspected cause of asthma, bronchitis and heart
disease.    Chlorine was a pesticide as defined by the Environmental
Protection Agency.

Roberta Ahlquist sought Council endorsement of a Resolution to stop funding
the war. The City Council of Philadelphia passed a Resolution in June 2012
calling for the U.S. Congress to bring all troops home from Afghanistan, and
to redirect funds to social issues. She asked the Council to consider drafting
a Resolution.

Lois Salo stated the Council was a member of Mayors for Peace, and it was
appropriate for the Council to support the Resolution.      Many people
supported an end to the war. She urged the Council to emulate the
Philadelphia City Council.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Bob Moss spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 3. He appreciated the
revisions to the plan. Page 1845 of the report referred to unreinforced
masonry buildings. He suggested including a list of buildings and their
locations and a notation of actions taken to remedy the problem.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Agenda Item Nos. 2-5.

2.    Approval of Utilities Enterprise Fund Contract         with Precision
      Engineering Inc. in the Amount of $3,987,034 for       Sanitary Sewer
      Rehabilitation Capital Improvement Program Project     WC-09001/WC-
      10002, (Wastewater Rehabilitation and Augmentation     Project 22/23 –
      Crescent Park and Baylands).




07-09-2012                                                             111-149
