                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh indicated 1,500-2,000 parcels would be positively impacted by
the Project. The Project also provided an opportunity for education about
the Creek and marshlands. He asked if the JPA considered the educational
interface of infrastructure improvements.

Mr. Materman reported the JPA had discussed the changing face of the area
with environmental groups. This Project could be used to discuss the
history, the environment, and the risks of the area.

Mayor Yeh stated the 1998 flood highlighted the necessity for infrastructure
investment. He hoped the JPA considered the many opportunities for
education.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Holman no

Mayor Yeh and Council Member Klein left the meeting at 8:40 P.M. due to
the previously stated conflicts.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
adopt the resolution authorizing an exception to Chapter 10.48 [Trucks and
Truck Routes] of the Palo Alto Municipal Code for the limited purpose of
allowing a transfer of soil from the Stanford University Medical Center
construction project along Oregon Expressway to the Palo Alto Golf Course
and adjacent areas.

Council Member Holman was not opposed to the route or the
Recommendation, but rather she opposed what was not in the
Recommendation. Timing, phasing, and negotiation of potential fees were
not addressed. The Recommendation addressed fill for the levee project as
well as fill for the Golf Course and potential playing fields without limiting
how much fill the Council could accept. She expressed concerns about
stockpiling fill and the potential limits placed on negotiations for fees. The
Recommendation also referenced projects for which the Council did not have
environmental analyses. While the City was not paying for the Project, it
should be able to negotiate fees for the fill. She asked Staff to comment on
that.

Ms. Stump stated the Resolution's legal effect was limited to authorizing use
of the road. It did not provide project approval or permitting authority to
move dirt.

Council Member Holman asked why it was presented now.


                                                                        Page 14 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/13/12
