                               MINUTES
Center, the Summer Concert Series, Cubberley Artist fees, Lawn Bowler
fees, and Community Gardener fees. Staff proposed freezing five positions
within the Library Department while renovations and construction occurred.
Fee increases of 3 percent had been implemented for all City-wide fees. In
the Planning and Community Environment Department, a support position
and a senior planner position would be part of program changes.

Council Member Klein interpreted the Minutes to mean the cost of filling
Boronda Lake was restored to the Budget with the hope contributions would
cover some of the costs.

Mr. Perez agreed.

Mayor Yeh stated the City Council conducted its first public hearing on the
Budget on June 11, 2012. Tonight was the second and final hearing on the
Budget and related items. A portion of the hearing would relate to changes
in wastewater, water, and refuse rates. This portion of the hearing was
governed by Proposition 218.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the procedure for the wastewater,
water, and refuse rate changes would follow the requirements of California
Constitution, known as Proposition 218. Proposition 218 was approved by
voters in 1996, and set forth rules that local governments must follow before
increasing certain property-related fees. The California Supreme Court
found that water and wastewater rates were considered property-related
fees and were subject to the Proposition 218 procedural requirements. It
was less clear that refuse rates were subject to Proposition 218
requirements. In an abundance of caution, Palo Alto had followed that
procedure for a number of years and would do so tonight. The wastewater,
water, and refuse rates would be considered together in the Proposition 218
public hearing. After the close of the public hearing, there would be a
majority protest procedure, meaning objections to the rate changes would
be counted. If a majority of affected customers and property owners filed
signed, written protests against the proposed rate increases by close of the
public hearing, then the rate increases would not be adopted tonight. The
proposed fiber and gas rates before the Council did not need to follow
Proposition 218 procedures, because they were not property-related fees
within the meaning of Proposition 218. The proposed storm drain inflation
rate adjustments did not need to follow the Proposition 218 procedures,
because the inflation adjustment had been approved by voters. These rates
would be considered during the non-Proposition 218 public budget hearing
process.


                                                                        Page 5 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/18/12
