                                MINUTES
connections, identified both additional proposed connections, and improved
intersections along Alma Street and El Camino Real.            The consultants
received many comments from the community and the Task Force that the
southern portion of the City was significantly underserved by crossings. It
was difficult to locate sites for additional crossings in the area, because of
the continuous nature of homes and other barriers. A key consideration was
protection of existing neighborhoods with improvements to allow passage
through the area.       The mixed use areas had more opportunities for
improvements and development that could provide more services and
amenities to the neighborhoods in the area and surrounding neighborhoods.
In the California Avenue area, there were sites occupied by government
facilities and parking lots that restricted connections of the north and south
portions of the Study area. The main issue in the south area was the
perception that southern neighborhoods did not have the same level of
amenities. In response to that perception, they identified sites for additional
amenities to serve the area and to orient it to neighborhoods and
pedestrians. Two workshops were held with good attendance at the second
meeting.     Attendees expressed concerns, but reached a high level of
agreement on the vision of the project. The implementation section of the
plan recommended improvements to the Comprehensive Plan and City
policies, prioritized projects, identified cost of high-priority projects, and
focused on projects to improve safety without reducing traffic capacity. The
implementation section also recommended future studies that would be built
upon the policies and recommendations to              be integrated into the
Comprehensive Plan. The Council's Packet contained recommendations for
Comprehensive Plan land use policies. RC, ARB, and PTC reviews of the plan
resulted in a recommendation that the Council approve the Report with
policy additions and to adopt the Rail Corridor Study.

Judith Wasserman, Architectural Review Board Chair, recommended the
Study, because it considered a large area, it divided the Corridor into
residential and commercial areas, and the Report was well written and easy
to read.

Eduardo Martinez, Planning and Transportation Commission Chair, reported
the PTC unanimously supported the Study for many reasons. The Study
showed the broad area impacted by the Rail Corridor. The analysis was
excellent. He expressed concern that the Study did not establish the
sensitivity of the Study area, but this was only the first step. There was a
problem with the structure of the Comprehensive Plan and the goals and
policies and programs to be incorporated into the Comprehensive Plan. The
Resolution wisely addressed treating each neighborhood equally. Because
the Transportation Element draft was almost complete, he suggested the

                                                                          Page 7 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/18/12
