Council Member Espinosa disclosed that he met with the applicant and HRB
and had not received any information that had not been shared this evening.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if an error had been made when the property was
placed on the historic list in 1978.

Mr. Turner said the City felt the building was historic at the time.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked Staff if the primary reason for their decision was
because the 2005 remodel lost its integrity.

Mr. Turner stated that it was based only on the 2005 remodel but all the
remodels that had been made since that time.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked how did the home loose its integrity

Mr. Turner could not comment on when exactly the structure lost its
integrity. The changes proposed in 2005 were more ministerial and therefore
not discretionary and did not require HRB review.      They fell into the
ministerial building permit category.

Vice Mayor Scharff asks if there were any issues about historic homes that
were Category 4, if the City had the correct process and lost the ministerial
basis. He believed this was cited in 2005 and commented that a lot was
being made of the 2005 remodel. He asked the Staff to comment on the
process issues.

Mr. Williams stated that the home event was a series of minor changes that
had added up to very significant change over time. Each individual change
was not significant. The City’s Ordinance for category 3 and 4 was not
highly stringent.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the City Ordinance included any item that was
unspoken or not spelled out.

MR. Williams stated it would be part of the historic review report.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if it was true that the way an Ordinance was
viewed could give a different analysis.

Mr. Williams said yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked Ms. Dikas if her review would have changed if the
Ordinance said that the public presence was the primary part of what made
the structure historic from the streetscape.


                                       9                               01/09/2012
