                               MINUTES
pressure, but people needed a sense of what would really happen or the
whole notion of a trial did not make sense. He also agreed with Council
Member Shepherd that if it was a trial then it should have a specific end
date. He thought it was better if they said that it ended no matter what and
that the City would use the information to design a broader program. He
said Staff did a good comprehensive job on the recommendation involving
additional studies and actions related to parking in downtown. He wanted
Staff to return with funding options for the public parking garage sites. One
of the things he realized when sitting on the committee was that there was
agreement that some workers should be able to park in the neighborhoods.
That was one of the worthwhile things that came from the meetings. He
thought people were saying that employees should be allowed to park in the
neighborhoods but at a level that did not make life uncomfortable. That was
what the City should strive to achieve, making life not uncomfortable.
People bought homes in that neighborhood and area knowing that there
were many impacts with downtown. They just did not want to feel that the
impacts were extreme and he believed some people felt it had gotten
extreme. That went back to Council Member Klein’s question. He thought
that was what people wanted to know; how many cars could be removed
from the neighborhoods and how could the City get that done.

Mr. Keene heard a difference between Council Member Klein’s point of
having a no cost first car parking permit and if the price should be closer to
what the expected the ultimate was. His understanding was that this was a
pilot that would not have the full level of enforcement. If they charged the
$200-300 fee than the City risked having residents demand the same level
of enforcement that was concomitant with that pricing. The issue of paying
for at least every car so there was truly a litmus test was different. Staff
wanted to price it in some way that people felt the trial was working into
what it would be like based upon the price if it was a permanent program.
He thought the sense was the City was not offering a program that mirrored
what it would be if it were a permanent program.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he thought they should get the trial as close as
possible to what it would be like for people and survey them. He thought
people were more price sensitive than enforcement sensitive and that Staff
would receive pushback at the $200-300 mark. If the City was not going to
charge $200-300 because it was not going to have that level of enforcement
then they should price the program according to the appropriate level. If
they did not use the right information they would not receive the right data
and they would leave the wrong impression with the community.

Mr. Williams said the $200-300 figure assumed a full level of enforcement.
It also included all the upfront costs which the City had the potential to
                                                                        Page 31 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
