                               MINUTES
federal funds would be used in a way that had wide community support. He
said that competent well-meaning professionals were not always right. He
said that recently the City reconfigured the lanes in front of the library and
that too was canceled quickly. If Council’s concern was to ensure that the
grant was approved he thought that the trial was their insurance because
the MTC had already put approval of the project on hold pending resolution
of the concerns of the merchants. Those concerns would not be reduced
until something established that they were wrong and the City was right.

Council Member Shepherd said that the way she understood it, changing the
angle of the angled parking would lose inches across and meant that if there
was a trial that was paved and striped they could not revert back to the
current configuration. She asked if that was correct.

Mr. Rodriguez said that it was not the angle of the parking or the inches but
the depth of the restriped lane. He said that they would always retain the
60 degree parking configuration, but the depth of the spaces were deeper.

Council Member Shepherd said the car would be more vertical in the space.
She confirmed that to return to a four lane configuration they would then
have to have one side of the street parallel parked, which would lose parking
spaces.

Mr. Rodriguez said that could be an option but the likely option if they
wanted to retain the four lanes was to narrow the sidewalk.

Council Member Shepherd said she assumed narrowing the sidewalk was
very expensive. She said that the grant dollars they lost from the VTA
occurred because they timed out. She remembered that because she was
subbing on the VTA as an alternate for Council Member Price when that
decision came down. The VTA had to use the money or lose it because they
were federal dollars and the grant eventually went to sound barriers on one
of the freeways. She asked what the status of the new grant was.

Mr. Rodriguez stated they never lost the grant. The City voluntarily deferred
the funding until another grant cycle became available and that was what
was currently happening. The VTA approached Staff knowing that there was
litigation and concerns within the community and asked Staff to defer the
funding so it could be moved to the VTA highway project at 101 and Tully
Road in San Jose and when the next grant cycle came available they would
return the funding, which was exactly what happened.

Council Member Shepherd said the City worked with VTA because if they did
not redirect the funds they would have lost them. She said that the three
                                                                        Page 60 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
