                                 MINUTES
impacts to the Golf Course.

Mr. Keene asked the Council to proceed with the Motion, because Staff
needed approval of the route along Oregon Expressway. He understood the
concern about accepting fill. The Council was actually interested in the cost-
benefit of accepting fill. He suggested Staff return to the Council with a
separate report stating the reasons for accepting fill early and a cost-benefit
analysis.

Vice Mayor Scharff understood Staff would weigh the cost-benefits and be
aware of potential impacts to the Golf Course.

Council Member Shepherd indicated use of Oregon Expressway would allow
flexibility.  The recommendation was not to approve acceptance and
stockpiling of fill. She assumed Staff would return for approval of timing and
sequencing of fill, and inquired whether Staff would do that if the Council
approved the Motion.

Mr. Keene stated Staff could not provide a recommendation on accepting fill
without returning to the Council at a later time.

Council Member Shepherd would not support the Amendment.

Council Member Burt understood Staff would return to the Council for
approval of the fill agreement prior to accepting fill necessary for
construction. The Amendment provided that clarification.

Mr. De Geus reported some stockpile areas would have little impact on the
Golf Course. He understood Council Member Holman's concern to be the
impact to the Golf Course of stockpiling fill.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the cost-benefit analysis would be
presented to the Council for approval.

Mr. Keene felt the Staff's intention was to provide the financial factors.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman that prior to accepting fill that would impact Golf Course play, Staff
would bring a cost-benefit analysis back to Council for approval prior to
accepting a fill contract.

Council Member Price did not favor the Amendment. She trusted Staff would
                                                                          Page 16 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/13/12
