context of additional, larger infrastructure drivers; to link them to revenue
issues and options; and to tie them to a schedule. Staff hoped the outcome
would be definitions, funding, new projects, and scheduling.

Mayor Yeh suggested the Council work through the definitions of catch-up
and keep-up, determine new projects, and find methods to move forward in
these areas.

Council Member Holman noted the IBRC did not look at the dollars
associated with estimated projects. She asked if the estimates were
accurate or not.

Mr. Keene stated the IBRC did not attempt an engineering analysis.

Council Member Holman inquired if there was a broad evaluation of project
costs.

Steve Emslie, Deputy City Manager, answered yes. The IBRC recognized it
did not have the expertise to detail costs. For the most part, the numbers
were generated by Staff and engineers who prepared infrastructure and CIP
programs. If the Council moved forward with these projects, it would have
the opportunity to review the projects critically.

Mr. Keene indicated some projects would be higher than the estimates,
others lower. The Council's decisions would be tempered by the reality of
what the City could afford. The IBRC provided a starting point for the
Council's conversations.

Council Member Holman asked whether Staff had performed a practical
analysis of how many projects the City could manage in a set period of time.

Mr. Keene stated that was another factor to implementation issues. The
IBRC recommendation was a $4.2 million investment over a ten-year period
for catch-up. If the Council wanted to shorten that ten-year period, then
Staff would have to test that against its ability to deliver.

Council Member Holman believed the question was not only dollars, but also
manpower. The Documentary Transfer Tax was based on a $1.2 million
home valuation. She asked whether the median home sale price was $1.2
million.

Mr. Saccio reported the average assessed value in Palo Alto was $574,000,
which was very different from the sale price of a home. Staff chose the $1.2
million figure serendipitously.



                                     12                           4/30/2011
