                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired whether the City would weaken its position by
waiting to file an appeal during that October-December time period.

Mr. Williams did not believe waiting would weaken the City's position.

Ms. Stump reported the process continued to evolve in terms of the actual
dates provided by State agencies and the way the process was being
defined. If the Council preferred not to take any action on a potential
appeal, then Staff would confirm there was an opportunity to appeal at a
later time.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to: 1) not exercise the appeal at this time, 2) Staff to return with
clarification that we would not be reducing our strength of the case if the
City decides to appeal in the October through December time frame; and 3)
if Staff determination was that we do not have September 19, 2012 as the
time frame to appeal but instead we had October through December then
Staff would return to Council with an Informational Item, whereas if
September 19, 2012 was the deadline the item would return to Council at
the September 10, 2012 meeting.

Council Member Klein did not accept the Amendment. Page 141 of the Staff
Report stated the City had until September 19, 2012 to appeal the RHNA
determination.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mr. Williams reported that was Staff's reading from the letter. Another
review period was indicated after ABAG acted on September 19, 2012. That
needed clarification.

Council Member Burt clarified the Amendment: based upon Council Member
Klein’s comment, that this Item return to the Council prior to September 19,
2012 with ample time to appeal if Staff determined that the Council had to
appeal by September 19, 2012.

Ms. Stump inquired whether the Council would like to receive an
informational report at the following meeting if Staff could provide a clear,
written confirmation of the process and determine the City had additional
time to appeal.

Council Member Burt answered yes. If Staff determined that the City had a
longer timeframe to appeal, then the Item would return to the Council as an
Informational Item. If Staff determined that the City had to appeal by
                                                                         Page 8 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/4/12
