                               MINUTES
Steve Burnside, general counsel to Palo Alto Hills Golf and Country Club
recalled in 2012 the club sustained a volumetric rate increase of 59 percent.
This year, there would be a rate decrease of approximately 8 percent. He
urged Staff to meet with club staff to work out a solution.

Herb Borock stated the Council, rather than the FC, should have decided the
rates noticed to ratepayers. The Council could reject the proposed rates and
schedule an Agenda Item to determine the rates noticed under Proposition
218. The community had received less time to organize for a vote. He did
not understand the method for allocating the cost of rent and interest on
unpaid rent to customer classes used in the Cost of Service Study. In the
absence of the Council and public being able to consider the Cost of Service
Study, it was not possible to approve the refuse rates.

Joy Ogawa indicated the proposed increase in wastewater rates violated the
California Constitution and Proposition 218.       Proposition 218 required
notification to effected ratepayers, an opportunity for protest, and a public
hearing. Proposition 218 also stated an increase shall not exceed the
proportional cost of the service attributable to the parcel. She noted the
California Supreme Court's ruling in Bighorn Desert v. Water Agency v.
Virgil. She had spoken previously to the FC concerning the inequity of
wastewater rates. Palo Alto estimated wastewater based on water usage for
businesses, but not residences.

Teresa Morris supported the City providing Animal Services. Animal Services
was part of a healthy community. She hoped the Council would choose the
smaller of the two funding gaps to allow time to raise funds. The community
was willing to work on this issue.

Mayor Yeh reminded the public that a protest had to be submitted in writing
to the City Clerk before the public hearing closed.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to respond to the Proposition 218
comments regarding proportional wastewater rates and paying for service
delivered.

Ms. Stump believed Ms. Ogawa quoted correctly from the California
Constitution.

Council Member Holman inquired if the City's fees complied with Proposition
218.

Ms. Stump answered yes.

                                                                        Page 9 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/18/12
