                                MINUTES
      Union (SEIU); 9) Amend the 2010-2014 Compensation Plan for the
      International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF); and 10) Amend the
      2010-2014 Compensation Plan for the Fire Chiefs’ Association (FCA)
      (Ordinance 1st Reading 6-11-12) (Continued from June 11, 2012).

James Keene, City Manager, reported the City had made reductions totaling
11 percent in the City's General Fund and reduced the workforce by
approximately 10 percent since Fiscal Year (FY) 2010. In the process of
doing that, the City Council had led the way in having all employee groups
agree to establish a new second tier of pension benefits at a reduced level,
employee cost sharing of pension costs, employee contributions to
healthcare costs, and effective pay cuts for all employee groups. The City
had avoided cuts and reductions in Public Safety over that four-year period.
However, because Public Safety was the largest and fastest growing portion
of the City's General Fund Budget and because reductions had been
postponed, the Proposed Budget included reductions in Public Safety. The
majority of changes in the Proposed Budget were in Public Safety. The
Council could avoid significant impacts in public service through this Budget.
Most of the burden was shifted to productivity improvements on the part of
City Staff.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director summarized significant changes.
Staff proposed freezing six officer positions in the Police Department. The
overall service reduction from the current fiscal year would not be impacted
in FY 2013 with this change. Animal Services had been reinstated and had
targeted savings of $449,000. Staff would return to the Council on July 23,
2012 with a revenue and expense plan. The City closed Fire Station 7 in
May 2012, and those positions would be eliminated. By using the flexible
staffing model, Staff proposed eliminating some vacancies the City had
carried. The State- and County-required response times would still be met.
Ambulance coverage would increase from 12 hours to 24 hours through
regular staffing rather than overtime. Staff proposed adding a Geographic
Information Systems (GIS) position and a data position in the medical
services area. Because of increased building activity, Staff proposed adding
a Fire Inspector and anticipated the position would pay for itself through fees
generated. Staff also proposed consolidating the reservation operations in
the Community Services Department; however, the Finance Committee (FC)
directed Staff to hold one position vacant at the Lucie Stern Community
Center to Staff the Interpretive Center at the Baylands. One position at the
Art Center would decrease from 1 Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) to 0.75 FTE.
In relation to landscaping, Staff recommended and the FC accepted a
decrease of maintenance of less visible areas and prioritizing gateway areas
and neighborhood parks. The FC reinstated portions of Staff's recommended
changes in the following areas: Boronda Lake, the Baylands Interpretive
                                                                          Page 4 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/18/12
