                               MINUTES
more employees retired.    In the future employees will be paying towards
their retirement costs.

Council Member Schmid asked if that was what Staff meant by "the City may
explore with employee groups additional measures."

Mr. Perez stated that was the general intention. The City had been clear
with employee labor groups that 90/10 may not be the right number.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the numbers in the current Budget
reflected the current imbalance.

Mr. Perez answered yes.

Council Member Schmid noted the City was moving toward more at-will
employment, which provided the City with the flexibility to dismiss
employees. He expressed concern for the employee leaving employment
before his pension vested and for the employer hiring employees with no
pension. If the City was moving toward a wider pool of at-will employees, it
should have a program like Social Security that provided options to both
sides.

Mr. Perez suggested that could be a part of discussions scheduled to begin
on September 18, 2012. If an employee did not work the five years
required to vest, then the employee share set aside with CalPERS was
returned at separation. If an employee was promoted from within the
organization, then he may have the five years required to vest, but it was
not necessarily as a mid-manager.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the employee received only his
contribution or his contribution plus 7.5 percent interest.

Mr. Perez reported the employee received his contribution plus whatever
interest was earned or lost.

Council Member Schmid clarified that nothing was guaranteed, but the
employee did get some funds back.

Mr. Perez replied yes.

Council Member Schmid suggested the responses should state more than
CalPERS regulations did not allow the City to follow the recommendation;
something such as it was important to have a flexible management style in
the new labor market.


                                                                      Page 25 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/4/12
