                               MINUTES
Council Member Price asked whether the Council could submit questions
about the presentation scheduled for September 18, 2012.

Kathryn Shen, Human Resources Director suggested Council Members
submit questions and observations to allow Staff to compile pertinent
information for the presentation.

Council Member Price suggested the Mayor and Vice Mayor review
presentations of other cities.

Council Member Shepherd appreciated the changes suggested by Council
Member Klein, and felt the relationship between the ARC amount owed and
the General Fund was a means to bring the per capita amount into
perspective. She wanted the Grand Jury to make a request for that type of
analysis, so they could attach the numbers to whether or not the cities were
financially viable.

Mr. Perez understood the requirements and level of financial reporting would
change to what entities would report and how they were required to report
the information. Financial reports typically looked backward when long
range forecasts were needed to determine financial viability. The City had
flexibility in communicating its financial story in its management letter. The
City was making its full contributions and the asking employees to share
costs. That was the important message and was demonstrated in the
Colleagues Memo. He inferred from the Grand Jury interview that the Grand
Jury wanted to know how the City would handle the large contributions, and
the City was taking steps to reduce its contributions.

Council Member Shepherd clarified that the Grand Jury wanted to know how
the City would handle contributions rather than if it had a viable plan. It
could be useful to include the relationship between the ARC contribution and
the General Fund.

Mayor Yeh clarified that the topic would return to the Council's Agenda based
on the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff did not believe the Grand Jury addressed the issue of
vesting. He suggested including in the response that vesting was an issue
that needed reexamining. He asked if an initiative could change the State
Constitution to change vesting rights.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated the assumption behind Vice Mayor
Scharff's statement was black letter law; however, case law indicated it was
not as simple as a statewide Constitutional Amendment.

                                                                        Page 28 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/4/12
