                               MINUTES
eliminating six positions was misdirected. If the City needed additional
staffing, it would take several months for new hires to complete training.
Because of an unexamined element in the contract approved by the Council
last fall, employees would make medical contributions if they stayed and if
they did not retire within six weeks. The Council should question contracts
and Staff's recommendations in order to do the right thing in the area of
Public Safety.

Bob Moss felt the street sweeping fee belonged in the General Fund rather
than the Utility Budget. There was no justification for charging more than
$6 per month for street sweeping. Few people used the annual Clean-Up
Day, and charging everybody monthly was inappropriate. If it had to be
funded, the City should charge users at the time of usage. There was no
justification for the monthly water meter fee, because the meter and the
lines were installed at the residents' expense. The sewer rates should be
based on the amount of actual sewage generated. If the City recycled, it
would not meet the minimum quantity of trash it guaranteed to deliver to
the dump. The City had been charged approximately $1 million a year for
non-trash. The contract should be renegotiated so the City did not pay for
that. The City needed Fire Inspectors, and he was glad to see one added.

Jeannette Washington was concerned about reducing Staff at the Animal
Shelter. Animal control officers worked a nine-hour shift and an on-call
shift. Animal control officers covered field work, office work, and the
kennels. Reducing the number of animal control officers would result in
police officers assuming those responsibilities. She urged the Council not to
reduce Staff at the Shelter.

Basant Khaitan said the proposal indicated utility rates were increasing
because of cost overruns and losses. The justification for increases made no
sense. He noted the increase in monthly water meter fees. His annual
water bill would be $930 before he used any water. Proposed utility rate
increases crossed all reasonable lines.

Padmanabhan Srinagesh felt it was unfortunate that enough people did not
know that Proposition 218 allowed the public to vote against rate increases.
If the Council surveyed residents, it would find the opposition to rate
increases was broad. Hetch Hetchy rates would increase for the following
three years; therefore, Palo Alto rate increases would also increase. He
suggested the City reduce water rates by using groundwater or other forms
of efficiency. The City used water for parks, sports fields, and medians. He
asked if the City of Palo Alto paid the same commercial and irrigation rates
as other large users or if it had a different rate.

                                                                        Page 8 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/18/12
