SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Proclamation Honoring the Palo Alto Kiwanis.

Chris Torres, President Palo Alto Kiwanis reported the Kiwanis supported
various projects and community events, such as the Sojourner Truth Child
Development Center, Taste of Palo Alto, March Madness Race, Stanford Circle
K Club, Juana Run at Juana Briones Elementary School, Canopy, bar-b-ques
at the Stevenson House, Palo Alto Duck Pond, Art Center Holiday Art Day,
Special Games, Rinconada Park gardening, and Tour to Cure. He stated the
Kiwanis' emphasis was helping the children of the world, as evidenced by
sponsorship of three Circle K clubs and two Key Clubs at area high schools.
He indicated the Kiwanis Club in Palo Alto began 86 years ago by donating
milk and cookie money for Palo Alto school children, and today donated over
$60,000 annually to support local community organizations. He said meetings
were held every Thursday at the Palo Alto Sheraton, 12:10 p.m.

Council Member Price acknowledged their exemplary work and appreciated
their giving to Palo Alto and the region.

Vice Mayor Scharff thanked the Kiwanis for their community service. He knew
the Lions Club focused on glasses and eye care, and Rotary had an
international focus. He asked if Kiwanis had a particular focus.

Mr. Torres answered that the Kiwanis focused on serving the children of the
world by providing labor and hands-on service rather than awarding grants
only.   He stated their international committee had recently helped an
elementary school in the Philippines with a water system, library and
computer lab.

Council Member Shepherd inquired about the procedure for attending Kiwanis'
meetings.

Mr. Torres replied it was an open invitation to attend any meeting, no
reservation necessary.

Council Member Shepherd asked about the method for sharing information.

Mr. Torres replied meeting attendees gave funds to share either happy or sad
news, and this fundraising supported the operations of the Club.

Council Member Schmid read the Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Yeh congratulated the Kiwanis for their work.



                                           2                   03/19/2012
