                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene suggested the Motion clarify that presenting the costs would not
automatically allow Staff to proceed. The real issue was how to review the
scope of actions necessary for the Downtown Development Cap Study. He
suggested the Council move on the first part of the Motion and then direct
Staff to return with a comprehensive discussion of the Downtown
Development Cap Study.

Council Member Holman was confused regarding the language of the
Amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MAIN MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF
THE MAKER AND SECONDER to delete from the main Motion number 2
and at the time of the Scope of Services review of the Downtown
Development Cap / Traffic Demand Management (TDM) Study, Staff shall
bring back costs associated with: “2) as part of the review of the Downtown
Development Cap direct staff to review the boundaries of the ground floor
overlay and evaluate bringing into compliance non-conforming uses within
the ground floor overlay area of the downtown CD District.”

Council Member Burt clarified that Number 2 of the Motion was deleted as he
had accepted the Amendment.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Shepherd no

20.   Budget Amendment Ordinance 5170 to Provide Appropriation of $1
      Million for a Loan Commitment for the Rehabilitation of Stevenson
      House.

Tim Wong, Senior Planner, reported Palo Alto Senior Housing Project, Inc.
(PASHP) requested a $1 million loan commitment for rehabilitation of
Stevenson House. Stevenson House was owned and managed by PASHP. It
was constructed in 1968 and provided 120 units of studio and one-bedroom
housing for extremely low, very low, and low income seniors. In addition to
providing housing, they provided a variety of services including meals and
social activities. PASHP proposed a complete rehabilitation of Stevenson
House including; seismic upgrades, new roof, re-piping water and sewer
systems, reconfiguring common areas, and upgrading interior units. The
total proposed cost of the rehabilitation was $40.5 million. If approved, the
loan documents would return to Council for consideration in April or May
2013. Other sources of funding included tax credits, tax exempt bonds, a
seller carry-back loan, and funds from Santa Clara County.            PASHP
anticipated construction commencing in July 2013. Staff recommended the
City Council approve the loan request and adopt the Budget Amendment
Ordinance (BAO) to allocate $1 million from the Stanford University Medical
                                                                       Page 18 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/5/12
