    Mr. Williams indicated it doubled on the inside and the perimeter to the
    freeway.

    Council Member Schmid asked whether the development rights could be
    transferred inside the Circle as well as translated all the way to West
    Bayshore.

    Mr. Williams indicated it was at least to the area between the Circle and
    West Bayshore.

    Council Member Schmid asked if it was implied that the buildings were two
    stories, 40 feet tall.

    Mr. Williams stated Staff didn't know at this point, and hadn't gotten that
    specific. He anticipated that this could mean three to four stories along
    West Bayshore in some locations, probably two to three stories on the inner
    Circle, and one to two stories on the outside adjacent the residential pieces.

    Council Member Schmid inquired where parking would be located with the
    increase of 40 to 45 percent in Floor Area Ratio.

    Mr. Williams replied parking would need to be on-site. He explained a
    below-grade parking structure was unlikely because of ground water and
    flooding issues. He reported consolidating some sites and justifying that
    with a better economic return due to higher intensity could make it possible
    to have a parking structure which served two or three sites.

    Council Member Schmid asked if that might be an outcome of the trading of
    development rights.

    Mr. Williams responded yes, but noted it was speculative at this point.

    Council Member Schmid noted a discussion with the P&TC about having to
    raise the level by an unknown amount. He asked whether the single story
    of buildings adjacent to residential neighborhoods would begin at a level 5,
    6 or 7 feet above their current height, meaning that even a single story
    might be 15 to 20 feet.

    Mr. Williams said they had discussed that, and thought it was likely that a
    new single-story building would be built higher off the ground than existing
    buildings, which would add some height. He stated if the overall intensity
    was decreased to some extent, then hopefully that would compensate for it.
    He reported they discussed the Design Guidelines including a buffer from
    the edge of residential property into the building site.


                                    13                  February 13, 2012 
 
