then leave the decision of funding which projects through which mechanism
to the Council.

Council Member Burt confirmed this was a preliminary background to
understand the timing and other issues around funding, then the Council
could discuss what would be funded, in what sequence and priority, and how
it would be funded. He noted one Funding Type resulted in a specific
revenue which was Sales Tax, 3/8ths cent. He suggested deleting the
amount from the Funding Type and moving it to Estimated Revenue, where
the amount of revenue would be noted for each quarter cent or eighth cent
increment. The Document Transfer Tax, discussed as an alternative to the
Business License Tax, wasn't part of the IBRC recommendation and he didn't
see it in the information. He thought the Council would want to review that.
He asked what was the voter threshold for the Document Transfer Tax.

Ms. Stump believed it was usually structured as a General Tax, so it would
be placed on a General Municipal Election and would pass by a majority.
She indicated the current Documentary Transfer Tax was structured as a
General Tax, so those rules would apply.

Council Member Burt thought the Council would need polling as discussion
progressed, and if the polling was similar to the library polling, the Council
could encounter a challenge of reaching a two-thirds vote. He felt most
cities did have difficulty reaching the threshold vote to pass these types of
items. He stated the Council could focus on those revenue streams that
could be passed by a simple majority, such as Sales Tax, Business License
Tax and a Document Transfer Tax, if the Council chose not to raise the
Utility User Tax. He wanted that option noted as the Council thought about
this. He mentioned discussions of Council Member preferences, but he didn't
know if the Council could state preferences without looking at political
realities.

Mr. Perez noted Appendix J of the IBRC Report discussed the other areas
they had reviewed and compared surrounding agencies.       He said the
Property Transfer Tax, Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) and some others
were included, as well as election results.

Council Member Schmid asked if the two-thirds vote noted for the July 16
date was two-thirds of the Council.

Ms. Stump answered correct.




                                  22                   January 21, 2012 
 
