indicated you could downsize, but there were advantages to retaining the
current size as planned in the 30 percent design from Ross Drulis. He stated
Police Chiefs, City Managers, and Fire Chiefs throughout the country were
discussing the opportunity to regionalize, and the first topic was
regionalizing the Dispatch Center. That had been a discussion for quite
some time in Santa Clara County. He explained a plan to regionalize
Dispatch was built into the 30 percent design, which was good to have. He
noted a bigger building had the advantage of flexibility of having non-law
enforcement partners in the Facility to serve the community. He stated
49,000 square feet was not a hard number; it could be reviewed. The fourth
question was how did Staff intend to respond to the numbers presented by
the IBRC Report, and did the numbers include modernizations and
efficiencies or the status quo. He reported it was generally making some
assumptions of moderate growth, not a tremendous amount of growth;
therefore, the Building as designed in the 30 percent configuration did not
have large areas that would not be built out unless they were needed.
Rather, the Building had workspaces with room for one or two more
employees should that be necessary as the City moved forward. The fifth
question at the top of page 6 was can Fire Staff evaluate the impact times
relating to options proposed by the IBRC, and he was not sure.

Council Member Burt thought Chief Burns addressed it under Staff Response
2 of section 3, that the Efficiency Studies recommended combining Fire
Stations 2 and 5; whereas the IBRC recommended Fire Stations 3 and 4.

Mr. Burns reported, as the City moved forward, Staff wanted to develop a
Public Safety Department through nominal consolidation, whereby
operations would remain essentially the same, Firefighters would respond to
fire calls and the Police Department would continue to manage and handle
calls for service there. There wouldn't be a true consolidation as in some
communities, the closest example being Sunnyvale. He indicated Staff
would attempt to achieve efficiencies at the command, support and
administrative levels and reduce the overhead for administrative assistants,
information technology, etc. For example, one person would prepare the
Budget for both Police and Fire. He stated that was the plan, and additional
personnel had not been accounted for in the 49,000 square foot design. He
reiterated the Facility could be less than 49,000 square feet, but the amount
of decrease would shrink as Staff was added.

Council Member Shepherd asked what amount of population could be
covered by the current plans for the Safety Building.




                                  28                   January 21, 2012 
 
