commitment that Palo Alto would stay in the business and upgrade facilities.
Staff had been reluctant to have serious conversations with potential
partners, because they wanted to go through the process. She stated cities
were trying to get a better price compared to their current service. She
indicated Los Altos and Los Altos Hills were also concerned that Palo Alto
would contract services. She stated if Palo Alto did not continue providing
animal control services, then Los Altos and Los Altos Hills wanted to be part
of any RFP process in order to determine savings elsewhere.

Council Member Schmid suggested the City should consider partners when
determining the location of the facility. He thought the current site or the
LATP site might not be ideal for forming a partnership.

Mr. Keene stated there were different factors. He thought if Palo Alto had a
replacement for Mountain View, there was the potential to remain at the
existing site with an upgrade to the existing facility. He believed there was a
$1.6 million estimate for upgrades. He felt the LATP site seemed a more
challenging site to work on.

Council Member Burt asked for an explanation of the different levels of
service.

Ms. Stadler explained Animal Services offered a full level-of-service to Palo
Alto which included barking dogs, Municipal Code violations, park patrols and
off-leash patrols; things that were not required by State mandate. She
stated the regional partners received services mandated by law: public
safety, picking up strays, picking up dead animals, bite quarantines and
aggressive animals.

Council Member Burt inquired if SVACA had adequate capacity for Palo Alto,
Los Altos and Los Altos Hills.

Ms. Antil understood they had capacity and were interested in Palo Alto's
business. She stated SVACA would have the same issues regarding level-of-
service provided to Palo Alto; however, they had the capacity for a number
of services.

Council Member Burt asked if Palo Alto would receive a reduced level-of-
service by contracting with SVACA and, if so, what were the ramifications.

Ms. Antil stated Staff wanted to review that as part of the RFP process, in
that Staff anticipated some vendors could not provide certain types of


                                   5                     March 26, 2012
