Mayor Yeh clarified there would be a cost associated with the additional
analysis so the Motion should be corrected to read: to have Staff return with
costs for additional analysis conducted with the Consultant.

Mr. Bartel said the Mayor had suggested for future valuations to include a
range of contributions. He agreed and recommended that should be done in
conjunction with the impact that range would have on future un-funded
liability. He asked if that information was the intended information being
requested or were the ranges being sought strictly for the range of ARC.

Mayor Yeh said his desire was what type and amount of information could be
compiled by February 28, 2012.

Mr. Bartel explained both models with the ranges could be turned around by
February 28th.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the Motion should read as followed: to have Staff
return with a band of costs setting forth the different assumptions to fund
the ARC.

Mayor Yeh concurred that was the intent of the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff understood Council was receiving the additional
information because they wanted to make a determination on how much to
fund the ARC. Council’s decision to fund should be based on the best
information provided on the assumptions. If the Motion was for additional
analysis without a final report to reflect the decision that came from the
additional information, he did not see the necessity of the additional
information.

Mr. Bartel said if Council requested his firm to prepare a report using the
7.61 percent discount rate, he would inform them that would not be his
recommendation. His interpretation of the Motion was not a change in
acceptance of the report but a request for more information so the Council
could make a future decision as to whether or not to rescind the acceptance
and request the report be redone.

Vice Mayor Scharff said if a decision was made to rescind the acceptance of
the report based on the additional information that would lead to redoing the
report. He noted his understanding of the Bond Rating was the report was
reviewed to verify it matched up with the contribution.

Ms. Stump clarified rescinding the report was not on the agenda and would
not be an appropriate action during this meeting.



                                     22                          01/30/2012
