                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked how Staff was going to inform the public of all of
this information.

Mr. Keene said Staff was going to post all of this information on the City
website and asked if there were any particular story lines that Council
wanted Staff to develop.

Council Member Burt recommended breaking the information up into
departments. He thought it was good to see how the City was moving
forward, what the highest score was in the County, and for people to know
where the City was headed, in comparison with where other cities were
headed. He also remarked that the Nielsen Ratings were not presented, an
audience measurement system designed to determine audience size and
composition for television programing. He asked about the 4,000 website
visits and if there were new visits in comparison with the old site.

Vice Mayor Scharff thought there were many items that impacted Palo Alto,
like the California Avenue Streetscape Program. He mentioned the Golf
Course Reconfiguration and said there were no barriers for that project; it
was a win-win situation for the community. The Palo Alto Stanford Trails
and the Matadero Trail was excellent, along with the Bike Bridge Project,
which was an excellent project. He mentioned the $9 million in structural
savings for the City of Palo Alto, and that it was done without degrading
structural services. He said there was a $1 million savings in Fire savings
and restructuring and there were better services for less money.

Council Member Holman mentioned the adoption of the Bike and Pedestrian
Plan and said the outcome was exciting. She said the City Auditors Office
was producing great reports, along with the good work done in the City
Attorney’s Office, the City Manager’s Office, and the City Clerk’s Office.

Council Member Shepherd said she noticed an incremental change in the
budget and mentioned a discussion on the Magical Bridge. She liked the
way the pensions were documented to understand the body of the finances.

Council Member Klein asked what Mr. Keene’s report would have looked like
over four years. He mentioned the recession and said it was hard to see
how things were in 2008 because of that. A lot of the improvements looked
far more dramatic when compared with 2008 data.

Council Member Espinosa looked at a long term view and said the
presentation reflected five years of work and partnership and commented on
how there was dysfunction in other cities. He thought the plans came
together well and said Staff worked diligently on tough projects.

                                                                      Page 17 of 19
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/17/12
