                               MINUTES
project palatable. Staff should recommend that the City receive 50 percent
of the revenue stream to Stanford.

Don McDougall explained vitality was measured by shopping, education,
parks, transportation, and the arts. He supported the project and applauded
Staff's leadership.

Hal Mickelson spoke on behalf of the Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber
would support a ballot measure for the proposal. He commended City Staff
for compiling the information for the proposal.

Karen Nierenberg stated the vibrancy of the proposal for the Downtown area
was excellent. The community would benefit from a permanent home for
TheatreWorks. She hoped the Julia Morgan Building would be used for non-
profit agencies.

Barbara Gross recalled prior designs for   the site had been cancelled, because
there had not been funding sources.         She believed stopping the process
would not be helpful. The proposal         had evolved over time and would
continue to evolve. Residents deserved     a public dialog and review process.

Enid Pearson was outraged and disappointed by the City's handling of the
development. The project had been private and hidden from the public.
Gifts associated with the project carried high price tags. She urged the
Council to stop the development and not to consider a ballot measure.

Emily Renzel stated secret negotiations had taken power from the public.
The Council's first obligation was to the rights of the citizens of Palo Alto.
She opposed the use of parkland for the theatre and Julia Morgan Building.
Contract zoning was illegal.

Martin Sommer began the online 27 University petition. Palo Alto residents
supported the 50-foot height limit and wanted it enforced at 27 University
Avenue. He requested the proposed ballot measure explicitly state the
proposed towers exceeded the height limit. He suggested Mr. Arrillaga
tunnel the train through Palo Alto, Menlo Park, and Atherton; propose a
surcharge on tickets at Stanford University; and rebuild the Varsity Theatre.

Tina Peak stated the Council should dismiss the project and direct Staff to
more appropriate planning. The project was not a benefit to the City. The
Comprehensive Plan and zoning laws had been disregarded.



                                                                         Page 22 of 32
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 12/3/12
