                                MINUTES
problem, would not cause additional parking problems, and should not be
held hostage to a residential permit parking program. The money for
parking would be the catalyst for a larger project. Having $2 million would
provide leverage for the City to work with merchants to produce a desirable
project. He disagreed with comments the City was selling its zoning.
Twenty parking space or funds for 20 parking spaces would produce a
desired result. Placing the funds into the General Fund would be bad. The
building in and of itself was a public benefit.

Council Member Holman asked for Staff's changes to the language regarding
electric vehicle charging stations.

Mr. Williams suggested adding to the language in the public benefits section
and conditions that there would be no charge to members of the public
making use of the Alma Street electric vehicle charging stations.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to (f) public benefits, (5) there will be no
charge to members of the public for using electric vehicle charging station
on Alma Street.

Council Member Holman inquired if that was intended for the Alma Street
and below grade charging stations, F5 and F6.

Mr. Williams stated it applied to the public spaces on the street.

Council Member Holman confirmed it was F5.

Mr. Williams reported that was the P&TC's recommendation and the
applicant agreed to that.

Council Member Burt inquired whether that was the language presented to
the Council in March 2012.

Mr. Williams replied yes.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

13.   Adoption of Resolution 9249 Amending Section 1601 of the Merit
      System Rules and Regulations to Adopt a New Memorandum of
      Agreement (MOA) with the Palo Alto Police Officers' Association
      (PAPOA).


                                                                            Page 33 of 34
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 5/14/12
