the City, in that it revitalized a dead corner at one of the main entrances to
town. She indicated the ARB felt it was successful in considering the viability
of the retail component, which was achieved by moving one of the buildings
so that all parking was contained in one place. She noted another ARB
concern was crowding of the residences, and reported that was addressed to
the ARB's satisfaction when the Project returned to ARB. She said the
residences were interesting because they were a two-story version of Mr.
Eichler's work, and made a good transition between the residential
neighborhood zoning and the commercial aspect of the Project. She thought
the park was cleverly designed so that sections were clearly marked for the
use of retail and the rest was clearly marked for public use. She reported ARB
conditions on the Project were minor, while the general aspect of the Project
was excellent.

Martin Bernstein, Historic Resources Board Chair, reported the HRB was in
favor of moving Building 1, because the Secretary of Interior Standards
allowed for relocating a building on site if the relocation resulted in an easy
and natural relationship to other site elements, and the California State Office
of Preservation allowed for relocating a building on site if its historic character
was conserved. He reported the HRB discussion focused on whether there
would be a significant impact on this historic resource if a building was moved.
He indicated the HRB concluded the shopping center would still have an
Eichler feeling and the historicism would remain intact. He noted the Packets
explained any renovation or repair work, which would be performed with
these guidelines in mind.       He stated these were the reasons the HRB
supported the Motion that it was appropriate to relocated Building 1 as
proposed.

Mayor Yeh noted the applicant's presentation was limited to 10 minutes.

Jim Baer stated Fresh Market had more than 100 stores in the United States,
and Palo Alto would be the first location in northern California. He reported
for over 25 years there were two separate parcels under separate ownership,
and the two retail buildings were on a parcel separate from the grocery store.
He indicated the first proposal of building as many as 37 homes on the parcel
that did not include the grocery store site was not well received by neighbors.
He said there was a City's Manager's proposal for a quite dense, mixed-use
retail office and housing project on the site, which required demolition of all
existing properties. There was a study and motion to declare it a blighted site
so it could be the first redevelopment site in Palo Alto; however, resistance to
the magnitude of the project prevented a vote from being taken. He indicated
in 2010 the applicant in conjunction with the Edgewood Neighborhood
Association amended Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (CC&R);
however, the Architectural Control Committee (ACC) filed a lawsuit stating the
CC&Rs did not allow housing on this site. He noted this problem was solved
by changing the site plan to 10 homes, the ACC's endorsement of the location

                                             16                      03/19/2012
