                               MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd would like to discuss the public benefit aspect of
the project in the future. She supported the Motion.

Council Member Schmid would have preferred to allow Council Members to
discuss the project. He heard concerns about retail space. He asked if the
Downtown urban design meant ground-floor retail.

Council Member Burt replied yes, but it would not have the same retail
guidelines as currently imposed in Downtown.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “other urban design features to include
as the anchor to the master plan” to “other urban design features including
retail vitality and as the anchor to the master plan.”

Council Member Schmid inquired if the Motion included the Rail Corridor
Task Force's emphasis on mixed use.

Mr. Keene asked if he meant mixed use in the form of residential in addition
to commercial office.

Council Member Schmid answered retail, office and other uses, certainly
housing. He suggested Staff examine the concerns of the PARC in terms of
use of the park, and state explicitly financial, infrastructure, and other
benefits of the project. The height and size of the buildings would manifest
themselves in traffic problems, and the area was extremely sensitive to
traffic. He did not wish to exclude concerns expressed by the public
speakers.

Council Member Price supported the Motion, because of the clarifications
made by Council Member Espinosa. The location was a key transitional
area. The Motion did not restrict further examination of the original concept.
The process was only beginning, and would allow refinements to and
negotiation of the concepts.        The Master Plan process would have
development standards.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated adding the language "will be informed by the
Comprehensive Plan, Rail Corridor Task Force recommendations, and the
Dream Team vision" to the Motion provided a feeling of prescription. Staff
and the Council always considered the Comprehensive Plan.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to remove incorporation of the Comprehensive Plan, Rail Corridor Task
Force recommendations, and Dream Team vision.
                                                                        Page 30 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/3/12
