                               MINUTES
Ms. Blanch answered no.

Council Member Schmid referenced page 355 regarding payment of 10
percent of the medical plan premium. He asked if the City had been paying
100 percent.

Ms. Blanch indicated management employees were paying amounts similar
to Service Employees International Union (SEIU) employees.             The
presentation indicated 7 percent, and it was increasing to 10 percent.

Council Member Schmid clarified that the prior amount was 7 percent.

Ms. Blanch replied yes.

Council Member Schmid stated it was not 0 percent.

Ms. Blanch answered yes. That went into effect in April 2011.

Council Member Schmid stated that explained why the forecast savings did
not total 10 percent of the payment. There was an effective paragraph
about broadening the at-will employment, and it being part of an aggressive
management policy. It was important for the City to offer some kind of
mobile pension that employees could bring or take with them. Under
vacation accrual, a long-time employee could accrue 15 weeks of vacation.
He inquired whether an employee could accrue vacation time when he was
earning $50,000 and be paid for vacation time 20 years later when he was
earning $100,000.

Ms. Blanch reported the City had a cap on vacation leave.

Council Member Schmid said vacation leave was three weeks per year and
could be accumulated to a maximum of 15 weeks.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director/Chief Financial Officer explained
there was a cap of 15 weeks or 600 hours for this particular employee
groups. If an employee accumulated and banked vacation leave without
exceeding the 600-hour cap, it could be paid at a higher rate at the time of
employment separation. Accrued leave was paid at the exit pay rate.

Council Member Schmid understood there was a fund for accumulated
vacation which earned interest. As salaries increased, the amount in the
fund increased.


                                                                        Page 33 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/4/12
