                               MINUTES
Aram James noted innocent people had been executed under the death
penalty. The death penalty was disproportionately applied. A sentence of
life in prison without parole was often a punishment worse than death.

Helen Baumann recalled a prior Council discussion regarding a moratorium
on the death penalty. Educating the public regarding Proposition 34 was
critical.

Council Member Holman believed passing Proposition 34 would send a clear
message that public funds were not being well spent.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to adopt
the Resolution in support of Proposition 34.

Council Member Burt noted three moral issues concerning the death penalty;
however, he based his support of the Resolution on fiscal and public policy
arguments.   Ineffective public policy was wrong and affected local
government.

Council Member Klein needed a sufficient nexus between capital punishment
and City policy, and there was a direct connection between the death
penalty and state and local finances. It was appropriate for moral positions
to affect Council Members' decisions. The number of wrongful convictions
showed the system was broken. He would support the Motion for those
reasons.

Council Member Shepherd stated the cost of death sentence appeals
diverted funds from solving problems. Many services could be better served
with these funds.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price Absent

9.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendations for Annual Council
     Priority Setting Process.

Council Member Holman reported the Policy and Services Committee
(Committee) considered each aspect of the proposal in depth. Attachment A
on Packet page 142 was the proposed process. The Committee did not
include a process for members of the public to submit suggestions for
Council Priorities. The Council could consider public outreach on the same
timeline as Council submission of suggestions.

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, stated Staff attempted to capture all
points of the Committee's discussions.
                                                                      Page 16 of 24
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/1/12
