                          DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Keene indicated the Council had not balanced anything under any of the
scenarios; the gap still existed. Staff's request for comments reflected last
minute changes and was a courtesy.

Mayor Yeh was unsure if Staff needed clarity regarding those two issues in
the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein felt there was confusion between the Council accepting
and adopting the report. Adopting the report meant the Council was
endorsing the report prepared by Staff. The Council did not have to answer
Staff's request; Staff had heard a variety of answers.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Holman, Klein, Price, Shepherd, yes

Council Member Price believed the two items incorporated into the Motion
changed the Motion. She asked if the phrase regarding the 2 percent salary
increase was replaced by the items incorporated into the Motion.

Mr. Keene explained the net effect to the base model was to accept it in that
format with the change to inject a conservative concession scenario and to
utilize bands. The base model included the 3 percent rate of return, $2.2
million in infrastructure funding, and the 2 percent salary projection.

Mr. Perez indicated that having the miscellaneous employees pay their entire
share of pension would result in a $14.3 million savings over ten years.

Mr. Keene stated the Council should leave the change at that, because that
was just one of 50 possible concession scenarios.

Council Member Burt clarified that the Motion stated accept and not adopt.

Council Member Holman asked if the first amendment to add salary
increases and concessions included the 2 percent salary increase.

Vice Mayor Scharff wanted to allow Staff to make the percentage
determination of a conservative scenario.

Council Member Holman understood the Motion to state 2 percent was the
conservative scenario.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

15.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of a Resolution 9247 entitled “Resolution
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving the Proposed Fiscal
                                                                        Page 23 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
