Mr. Rodriguez reported a left-turn arrow was a much safer movement
throughout the entire day. He stated it was a balance of having consistent
volumes that required that type of movement all day long. He indicated an
alternative to address the Council's concerns was a permissive protective
signal. He explained a permissive protective signal allowed left turns on a
green ball through most of the day, and an arrow turned on during heavy
opposing traffic. He stated it was an effective method to implement a left-
turn arrow. He reported if demand were to rise such that an arrow was
needed all day long, the signal could easily be modified to an all arrow
movement for just a few thousand dollars. He noted the cost would be the
same, approximately $120,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if it would be $120,000 to install the left-turn arrow
he just mentioned.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the cost came from replacing the mast arms going
over Embarcadero.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if a light would be needed at West Bayshore and
the entrance to the shopping center.

Mr. Rodriguez did not think there would be a demand for a traffic signal,
because Staff assumed the current left-turn movements would be directed
toward Channing and St. Francis. Staff did include the Highway
101/Embarcadero Interchange in the Valley Transportation Plan 2040 list of
projects for Palo Alto. He noted the long-term goal was to review that whole
interchange.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked the cost to complete the sidewalk.

Mr. Rodriguez did not know. He suggested $60,000 would be seed funds to
cover a feasibility study and potential design costs if right-of-way was not an
issue. He indicated construction costs would significantly increase if there was
not adequate right-of-way.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Mr. Baer had questions or comments.

Mr. Baer stated he would speak during rebuttal.

Council Member Price inquired if Staff had identified the sidewalk gap on West
Bayshore in any CIP project or if Staff was considering it as a potential eligible
project in the Regional Transportation Plan (RTP) 2040.

Mr. Rodriguez responded no.



                                             35                     03/19/2012
