                               MINUTES
rezone the site under Pedestrian and Transit Oriented Development (PTOD)
and pursue the project under that zoning scheme. They looked at the
potential for the development of the project under PTOD and reached the
conclusion that by using the same 20 percent affordable units as currently
planned the project could be built using incentives included in the PTOD
Ordinance as well as those under the State Housing Density Bonus Statute
to come out with virtually the same project. He realized that suggestion was
only theoretical. He said that the project would have to go through the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC), the ARB, and the City
Council before it became final. As it took four years since the project was
reinitiated under the zoning scheme used when it was initially approved by
the Council in 2006, there was no reason to think that it would take any less
time under the PTOD. Therefore the Applicant concluded that it made no
sense to spend the additional time, money, and energy to develop a new
PTOD project when they had a virtual PTOD project already in consideration.
The Applicant requested that the Council either approve or disapprove the
project. Richard Campbell, the Project Architect with Hoover Associates and
the Applicant’s Mitigation Consultant, Dr. Sigrida Reinis with Treadwell and
Rollo were present to answer questions. He introduced Mr. August, a former
adversary of Harold Hohbach’s, who was present to provide his unique
perspective on the issues related to the project.

Andrew August said he was not a land use lawyer and was not present to
address the details of the project or to respond to the Appellant’s points. As
a trial lawyer he lived by process and procedure. He was very familiar with
the six year plus process that Mr. Hohbach had been through since the
Council approved the project. Upon his review, the process the project had
been through since 2006 gave government a bad name. Six years after the
project was approved by the Council’s predecessors they were looking at
incalculably more time if Mr. Hohbach had to start over again through the
PTOD process. He said the Council was on the cusp of a great opportunity to
create a new, vibrant, exciting, pedestrian centered project that would help
meet State mandated housing requirements. The Council could pioneer
creative mixed-use development that addressed housing, transit issues and
facilitated logical infill developments or it could choose to return to the
developments of the 1980’s and 1990’s with ubiquitous box buildings
surrounded by parking lots. He noted that Mr. Hohbach, who had recently
suffered a stroke, was at a point where he had no alternative if the project
was denied but to develop the site as a 50,000 square foot building with
surface parking that he was grandfathered in to build.            Finally, and
importantly to the Appellant’s point, the Council could seize the opportunity
to rely on the resources it had with its incredibly respected and highly
professional ARB. The Council must be guided by principles of fairness and
benefit to the community, not personal desires. He implored the Council to
                                                                        Page 20 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
