                               MINUTES

Vice Mayor Scharff believed the intention was to return to the Council after
completion of the parking study to consider a trial parking attendant
program.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested language to reflect completion of the parking
study before consideration of a trial attendant parking program.

Council Member Burt stated the parking study RFP would return directly to
the Council, and the Motion should reflect that. The Council needed to
supply a TDM program to the community. He recommended that bike
corrals be prioritized for locations that did not reduce parking, and that the
Council enhance the program that paid for bike racks on private property.
He inquired whether Caltrain lots were not fully utilized.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the Urban Lane lot was an overflow lot.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff provide input to the P&TC on the
relationship between the parking issue and traffic safety. He inquired
whether parking problems exacerbated traffic hazards and hazards to
pedestrians.

Council Member Espinosa asked why Recommendation 10 was deleted from
the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff explained Staff preferred Recommendation 9, because it
was more equitable for the community. Staff also indicated they would
return to the Council if outreach became unmanageable.

Council Member Espinosa felt Recommendations 9 and 10 addressed
different problems, and asked if they addressed the same issue.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated short-term parking offered a benefit to everyone on
the street or within the neighborhoods. Reservation of parking spaces
locked the spaces to only a few homes.

Council Member Espinosa felt those were different issues. The Council
should address residences with no access to on-site parking as it considered
comprehensive programs. Certain areas needed loading zones. He was
unclear regarding the need for resources, both funds and Staff time, to
study and implement strategies. He was disappointed to learn that Staff did
not feel there was an option for technology.       It would be helpful to
                                                                         Page 34 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/13/12
