                               MINUTES
Council goals were to locate potential housing sites within a half mile of
transit stations; to exclude R-1, R-2, and RMD housing sites; to focus on
existing sites zoned for housing or mixed use located within a half mile of
transit and services; and, to focus on smaller units including senior housing.
The first section of the Housing Element discussed housing needs and
demographic data. Other sections discussed policies and programs related
to housing. The Housing Inventory Sites required the City to indicate sites
zoned appropriately to accommodate allocated housing units. The Housing
Inventory Sites list was consistent with the Council criteria not to rezone;
however, some incentives allowed smaller units to achieve somewhat higher
densities. Staff considered sites not redeveloped or significantly remodeled
within the last 20 years and located on lots of 10,000 square feet or larger.
Staff modified the list based on input from the Regional Housing Mandate
Committee (RHMC).       The allocation from the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) for the 2007-2014 time period was 2,860 units. The
City was in the process of entitling, 1,192 units and identified sites with a
potential for 1,800 units. That would provide slightly less than 3,000
housing units, but somewhat more than the 2,860 units required. Staff
began with 959 units that had been built or were under construction; 233
units that were in the entitlement process; 331 units that were zoned for
multi-family housing (not including zoning for single-family or duplex
housing); and, 1,340 units that were zoned generally for commercial use but
allowed some residential use. At the suggestion of the RHMC, Staff added
hotel condominium units which were allowed under zoning laws.
Approximately 80 percent of the policies and programs in the Housing
Element were carried over from the previous Housing Element. Another 20
percent were deemed to be obsolete in some way. The changes focused on
providing incentives for housing production under existing zoning laws and
emphasizing higher density and smaller units near public transportation.
One program developed by the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) prior to RHMC review, would provide an incentive of expedited site
and design review for projects of nine or fewer units on a mixed use project.
This program applied only to lots less than half an acre and units smaller
than 900 square feet. The P&TC recommended a program for 185 potential
housing units located on parking lots in the Downtown and California Avenue
areas, provided there was no loss of parking. That program was deleted by
the RHMC. Language was revised concerning the height limit. A few
programs originated in prior Council deliberations regarding below market
rate (BMR) housing and some changes as to how and when to apply that.
The P&TC conducted two meetings on the draft Housing Element and
provided comments on technical sections and input to the programs. The
P&TC recommended that the Council forward the draft Housing Element to
the HCD.



07-09-2012                                                             111-159
