                               MINUTES
15d. (Former Agenda Item No. 10) Submittal of Mitchell Park Library and
     Community Center Monthly Construction Contract Report.

Council Member Klein stated he had numerous concerns and questions that
were outlined in an e-mail. He also discussed those concerns with the City
Manager and Staff earlier in the day and invited Mr. Keene to speak prior to
asking his questions.

James Keene, City Manager, provided a report requested by the Council. He
noted that the Staff was not able to deal with every issue the City had faced
in the report and that some of the discussions would require a closed session
with the City Attorney due to pending litigation. They had previously
scheduled a Closed Session for July 2, 2012, and Staff was working with
outside consultants and the City Attorney for a session on June 18, 2012.
He said that the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center construction
began in September 2010 with a contract completion date of April 29, 2012.
In 2011 there were a series of issues that were previously reported to
Council, including subcontractor coordination issues, exterior wall framing,
enhanced building insulation and waterproofing, all of which led to
construction delays. Staff’s last report to Council estimated the completion
would be late 2012, which was a delay of six to eight months over the
originally contract completion date. Since that report the contractor Flintco
and its subcontractor Fast Glass fell further behind on installing windows and
weatherproofing the building.       As noted in the monthly report, the
contractor’s most recent estimate of building completion was May 2013,
which was a full year past the original contract competition date. Staff was
working hard to minimize further delays, but they had revised their
estimated completion date to be consistent with the contractor.             He
estimated the facility would open to the public in spring 2013. Staff wanted
to emphasize to the Council and the public that there had been significant
delays and that the City was displeased with the contractors performance to
date. The City had scrutinized all expenditures and requests for additional
time extensions. The latest report showed the activity and response on
behalf of the City as it related to change order requests by the contractor.
The building was complex in design and its incorporated potential for
reaching the highest level of sustainability ranking Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design (LEED) Platinum had contributed to the challenges on
the project but the City’s contractor and consultants bore the responsibility.
He said that it was a complicated problem which he expected to be resolved
in mediation or arbitration following completion of the building. The City
Attorney had brought in a legal team with experience in construction
litigation to ensure the City’s legal and financial interests were preserved.
One of the challenges Staff had in reporting was that they used standard
industry measures on tracking project completion and the latest report
                                                                        Page 10 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
