                                MINUTES
Tom Wasow emphasized that the residents of the Buena Vista Mobile Home
Park were part of the community and asked that when discussion of the park
came before the City Council that they take this into consideration.

Cory Walbach introduced himself as Senator Jerry Hill’s new Palo Alto liaison
and invited the public and city officials to contact him should they desire any
communications with the Senator.

Don Barr spoke on behalf of the Board of Director’s Community Working
Group, a group formed to serve the needs of homeless individuals. He
suggested a negotiation between the residents of the Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park and the economic developers. He urged Council to help both
parties find compromise.

Aracely Herrera-Bustilla echoed the comments given by others regarding the
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.

Mario Escalante spoke regarding the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park and said
living in the park offered affordable housing. He asked that consideration be
given to the situation of the people that lived in the park because moving
prevented them from benefitting from opportunities in Palo Alto.

Melodie Cheney said the people wanted to stay in the Buena Vista Mobile
Park because they were able to afford living there.

Rosemary Rocha remembered old businesses that came and went, and as a
result, people lost jobs when businesses left, she likened that to the loss of
the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.

Jasmine Ibarra said she was eight years old. She asked for her home at the
Buena Vista Mobile Park to be saved.

Jennifer Lopez spoke regarding the Buena Vista Mobile Park and said she
benefited from the good schools in Palo Alto. She thought her school
encouraged her more than any other school she had attended.

Metzli Flores said she was eight years old. She said she did not wish to
move from the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park and that she wanted to live in
a great home that fit her.

Wynn Grcich said mammograms were breast cancer causing and were used
before any health and safety measures were made.


                                                                          Page 2 of 19
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/17/12
