SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Resolution 9232 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Kenneth M. Denson Upon His
      Retirement”.

Council Member Espinosa read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Kenneth M.
Denson upon his retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

3.    Adopt a Village & Free the Children Community Service Project
      Presentation by Jordan Middle School Leadership Team.

Jordan Middle School 6th grader, Sydney Antil, and teacher Cindy Pappas
gave a short overview presentation of the Leadership Team’s annual service
project – Adopt a Village/Feed the Children. The middle school will be
organizing several community events to raise $5000 by the end of the
school year to donate to the Adopt a Village organization to assist a village
in Ecuador.

STUDY SESSION

4.    Presentation from SAIC Energy, Environment & Infrastructure
      Regarding Utilities Department Organizational Assessment.

SAIC has been retained by the City to complete an Organizational
Assessment of the Utilities Department.    The work is being done by SAIC
which is a Fortune 500 company with 41,000 employees in 450 offices
worldwide generating $11.1 billion in revenue in FY11. The approach they
are taking to the Scope of Work includes:

1.    Completing a Current Needs and Services Assessment
2.    Completing an External Needs Assessment
3.    Doing a Cost Assessment of the Operations
4.    Analyzing Alternative Service Delivery Methods
5.    Making Recommendations to the City based on this work

Recent projects where they have completed such assessments include:
Brownsville Public Utilities, Texas, Lafayette Utilities Systems, Louisiana and
Pasadena Water and Power, Pasadena, California.          The approach they take
is to look at the Utility from a systems view including starting with the
current organizational structure and processes, personnel skills and

                                      2                             3/05/2011
