whole concept.      He said the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA)
recommended areas along El Camino Real should be included in terms of
potential for higher density, intensity, transportation and infrastructure;
and that was designated in ABAG plans as a Growth Opportunity Area
(GOA). He stated the Downtown area was also considered a GOA in ABAG
scenarios but not an official PDA. He noted those three areas had all been
allocated higher intensity development under those scenarios.          Staff
thought the project provided much higher intensity development than the
areas were capable of accommodating. He indicated the El Camino Real
Corridor included areas well into residential neighborhoods.             He
commented the Downtown area included some areas beyond the scope of
where Staff thought development was likely to occur. He stated the
transportation funding component applied to PDAs, which was California
Avenue. He indicated the questions were did Palo Alto want to include the
other two areas as PDAs, and ask the regional agencies to designate those
as PDAs in order to receive priority for transportation funding. He was
concerned that the agencies would further designate increased housing and
other intensity within those areas. He noted there was fairly limited
transportation funding that the City would be looking for in Downtown, if
any. Staff thought, given VTA's improvements, they would fund El Camino
Real transportation improvements. Staff also thought there would be
future opportunities to review PDA designations there. Overall, Staff did
not feel there was enough of a benefit at this point to request that
designation, and the RHMC and PTC concurred. He reported the third area
was the Alternative Land Use scenarios, which were numbers 3, 4 and 5 on
the list. He stated number 1 was history and number 2 was unrealistic.
He noted numbers 3, 4 and 5 had been discussed before in terms of how
much they focused development around transit stations or disperse
outward growth into outlying County. He stated the primary motive for
SB375 was reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from autos and
light vehicles.    He indicated the Bay Area's target was a 7 percent
reduction by 2020, and a 15 percent reduction by 2035. He said the
agencies had reviewed those three alternative scenarios and modeled the
impact on reduced GHG, and the table indicated very little difference in
those Land Use alternatives in terms of reducing GHG. He reported the
most concentrated version was 9.4 percent reduction and the least
concentrated was 7.9 percent. He said that was a minimal difference,
neither came close to the 15 percent goal by 2035. He said both of them
meet the 7 percent goal by 2020. He indicated MTC and ABAG had been
reviewing transportation policy initiatives, some of which the Council had
discussed previously, as methods to further reduce GHG. He noted the
total for those was estimated at 6 1/2 percent, which helped make up the
difference in the two, but was more significant than the difference between
the Land Use scenarios and strategies. He suggested the Council continue
to ask if it was worth the cost and angst of dictating Land Use patterns
when the change in reduction of GHG was minimal in those land

                                     22                          02/21/2012
