                               MINUTES
approximately ten years, because it served a number of schools, community
centers, parks, and connected to Stanford Research Park. The Corridor plan
was developed in response to residential proposals. The purpose was to
create a safer, functional Corridor for all users and to mitigate some impacts
of increased development. The first phase of the program implemented
measures on Charleston Road and improvements to the Gunn High School
driveway; the second phase, currently underway, was traffic calming and
restriping improvements on Arastradero Road; and, the final phase would be
improvements at the El Camino Real intersection. Staff recommended
implementing trial efforts on a permanent basis.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, reported the City wanted to
preserve road capacity and promote less vehicular-only access.          Staff
introduced concepts such as Complete Streets to focus on multi-modal
streets that move vehicular capacity and accommodate bicyclists,
pedestrians and public transit. Staff attempted to adhere to Comprehensive
Plan goals. Charleston Road and Arastradero Road were good examples of
implementing Complete Street projects while focusing on neighborhood
preservation. On Arastradero Road, increases in vehicular traffic were
consistent with regional increases. Maybell Avenue had slightly higher
increases that coincided with student population increases at schools. Times
for traveling through the project area prior to the project were longer than
times after the trial project. Implementation of the Arastradero Road trial
restriping project reduced bicycle and pedestrian incidents, significantly
decreased vehicle crash types, and slightly reduced higher speed capacity.
The City received a $450,000 grant from the State to improve median
islands along Charleston Road. Staff recommended additional improvements
of removing the median island at the Hubbart intersection, improving the
Donald/Terman Drive intersection at Arastradero Road, and using green
bicycle lane treatments.      Staff recommended approval of permanent
retention of the Phase II Charleston Road Corridor restriping project.

Mark Michael, Planning and Transportation Commission Member, reported
the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) heard extensive public
comment on this project.        Anecdotal and empirical observations from
residents challenged the traffic analysis and findings in the Staff Report.
Policy implications of the project in relation to the Comprehensive Plan were
strong. He stated the five goals of the Comprehensive Plan impacted by the
project. The P&TC voted unanimously to recommend the City Council
approve permanent retention of Phase II of the Charleston Road/Arastradero
Road Corridor restriping project.

Alice Smith expressed concern about the pedestrian crossing at Clemo and
Arastradero. The lights at the crossing were placed too high for pedestrians
                                                                         Page 5 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/1/12
