Public Works Director, Mike Sartor said they had a presentation on Staff
recommendations regarding the landfill closure and research into energy
compost facility as a result of the passage of Measure E in November and
also on the composting operation at the landfill.

Assistant Director, Phil Bobel stated that the presentation would begin with a
few brief slides. Measure E passed in November 2011 and consequently 10
acres of Byxbee Park immediately adjacent to the water quality plant was
undedicated. That was the only technical action that occurred with Measure
E. It did not authorize construction of an energy compost facility. The
landfill ceased accepting new garbage on July 28, 2011. The Staff expressed
pride that there was no more waste being placed in Byxbee Park. Staff
members Brad Eggleston, Ron Arp and Chuck Mirror who worked on the
project were present and ready to answer questions. He acknowledged
them for their work. The earlier portion of Byxbee Park opened in 1991 and
the size doubled in 2011. The 5th bullet point on the slide was regarding the
compost facility which remains open to date. It was always planned that the
compost operation would remain open longer than the landfill in order to
make enough compost to mix with soil to create the vegetative layer on top
of the cap. The vegetative layer would be made up of primarily native
grasses. The Recycling Center closed on February 1, 2012. That was
triggered by the landfill situation because the Recycling Center sat on the old
portion of the landfill that must be capped. The Recycling Center either had
to move or be discontinued. The Staff recommended and the Council
decided to discontinue the Recycling Center. That decision was based on the
decline in usage of the center because of the robust curbside program and
the other numerous alternatives. There was extensive public outreach on
the closure of the center through signage and advertisements in the local
newspapers. The household hazardous waste facility remained open. The
program primarily occurs on the first Saturday of each month or through
calls for a mid-week event. He said that the hours would be augmented
further. He presented a map of Byxbee Park and stated that the 29 acres in
green was the part of the park that had been open since 1991. The part
opened in July 2011 was 36 acres and in December 2011 the 7 acre portion
opened, more than doubling the size of the park. He stated the trail system
would be augmented in the future. The blue portion of the map illustrated
the 51 acres of the landfill that had not been capped yet. The 10 acre
portion that Measure E had to do with was depicted in red. He pointed out
that 10 acres was immediately adjacent to the water quality control plant.
He stated that the objectives looking forward were to 1) cap the landfill and
open that area to the public for hiking; 2) carefully consider an energy
compost facility for the 10 acre site or for some portion of the 10 acre site;
and 3) minimize costs. He said that the City must stay in compliance with
the many regulatory requirements regarding the landfill’s production of
methane and leachate. There must be a collection system for both those
                                   5                      February 6, 2012
  
