                               MINUTES

Mayor Yeh stated scaling a project would be difficult without knowing
changes in waste volumes resulting from inclusion of partner cities. The
process was complex, and the parallel paths were a smart way to move
forward.

Bob Wenzlau was an author of Measure E. He supported development of the
ORRS and the Alternative Resources, Incorporated contract. Delay raised
the cost of an organics energy strategy, and was a disservice to the
electorate. Food waste was a discretionary dial that the project could
adjust. Homeowners made the choice of placing food waste into the
garbage bin or the garbage disposal.     The budgeted expenditure was
relatively small in comparison to a $500 million total project for organic
management. The insights of Alternative Resources, Incorporated and Staff
were brilliant.

Emily Renzel stated capping the landfill was not a simple decision. The
Council would foreclose other possibilities in deciding to or not to cap the
landfill. She preferred the configuration of Byxbee Park not be changed.
This issue had always been about impacts on the Baylands and Byxbee Park.
Measure E undedicated 10 acres of Byxbee Park, not the remaining 43 acres.
She asked the Council not to allow this facility to destroy what remained of
an open-space park. If the project moved forward, it should not count on
using Byxbee Park as a dumping area for excavations. She asked that the
transition be natural rather than a 20 foot cliff or unnatural slope. She
urged the Council to continue the Item until it had adequate information.

Alice Smith recommended the Council move forward with an anaerobic
facility as quickly as possible. The City could use some of the excavation to
protect the facility from future water. She urged the Council to proceed and
to provide an opportunity for each community in the Bay area to participate.

Walt Hays felt Ms. Renzel attempted to revive arguments against Measure E.
The only method to solve the problem was to proceed with specifications and
a RFP. Delays were commonplace in litigation. In order to reduce costs, the
Council needed to move as quickly as possible. He asked the Council to
support the Staff recommendations.

Cedric de La Beaujadiere supported Staff recommendations.        The RFP
included bids for export options, which could be more affordable than the
current default plan. He suggested Staff ask in the RFP how respondents
would handle biosolids from the wastewater treatment plant and Palo Alto's
organics; and ask what amount of materials would be most cost effective for
the proposed technology.      A local option was feasible and effective.


07-02-2012                                                            111-138
