                               MINUTES
was passed because of a perceived lack of parking spaces, and a moratorium
was affected in order to prevent exacerbation of the shortage.

Mr. Williams stated that was an interpretation of what happened. Staff
initiated the original request for an Urgency Ordinance out of concern that a
few projects were taking advantage of parking exemptions, and wanted to
ensure that additional projects were not able to do that. Staff recognized
that these projects would exacerbate the problem to some extent.

Council Member Schmid said parking was becoming increasingly expensive
and had an economic value. In granting parking exemptions, the Council
passed the cost on to someone else, whether it was retailers, employers, or
visitors. The Council should consider those property owners asking for
exemptions and those who might bear the economic cost. One of the
reasons for passing the Urgency Ordinance was to have a study to determine
the shortage. He asked how the Council should balance a new exemption
with who paid for it.

Mr. Williams reported balancing those was the Council's policy
determination. The moratorium balanced future projects against the amount
of exacerbation that occurred.

Public Hearing opened at 9:09 P.M.

Chop Keenan would not have pursued the 135 Hamilton Avenue project if
the moratorium had been in place when he first considered the project. He
expended time and funds in reliance on the Council's rules and regulations.
He would absorb the $326,000 parking assessment if it was imposed.
Ground-floor retail would be a fatal flaw if that was the only option for him.

David Kleiman proposed a small mixed-use development consisting of two
office spaces and two apartments at 636 Waverley Street.           When he
submitted plans for ARB consideration, he rightly assumed that the Zoning
Ordinance in effect at that time would apply to his building program. In the
past, pipeline projects were allowed to use existing Ordinances. If this
precedent was applied, he would only have to provide parking for new
spaces. He was willing to pay the parking assessment and towards the
Downtown Cap Study. The Staff recommendation was reasonable. He
hoped the Council would consider his situation, the large dollar amounts
being requested, and approve Staff's recommendation.

Ken Alsman reported the Downtown area provided 1,700 employee parking
spaces for more than 6,000 existing employees.       With the proposed
exceptions, the 135 Hamilton Avenue project would provide no new parking
                                                                        Page 23 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/10/12
