                               MINUTES

Mayor Yeh appreciated the intention of the proposed 28th Amendment;
however, the language was a concern.               The Motion captured the
dissatisfaction with the Citizens United decision.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to add
at the end of the Motion “such proposed amendment to be informed by the
dissent of Justice Stevens in the Citizens United case.”

Mayor Yeh stated Supreme Court dissenting opinions sometimes informed
later Supreme Court decisions. The language was not prescriptive but
highlighted the underlying rationale.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted the decision overturned 100 years of precedent.
Justice Stevens' dissent was well reasoned and balanced interests.
Language in the proposed 28th Amendment was extreme.

Council Member Burt believed the Citizens United decision was a bad ruling
with significant consequences. It affected state and local law as well as
federal law.     Many Constitutional Amendments had been driven by
grassroots movements. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Price supported the Amendment because it provided
guidance and underscored the value of the dissenting opinion. The decision
was in error and this was a means for the City Council to express its view
and provide guidance regarding the issue. It was important for the Council
to support its values and opinions.

Council Member Holman supported both the Amendment and the Motion.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-2 Espinosa, Klein no, Schmid absent

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Espinosa no, Schmid Absent

14.   Colleague’s Memo from Mayor Yeh, Council Members Price and
      Shepherd Regarding a Council Youth Commission Liaison.

Council Member Price reported the Colleagues Memo recommended the City
Council create a Youth Liaison position to be appointed by the Mayor
annually. This allowed the Council to integrate and coordinate youth issues.
The proposal was an extension of the Council Priority of Youth Health and
Well Being. The liaison would formalize relationships and ensure the Council
was engaged with youth issues in the community. The liaison would attend
meetings of a variety of youth-related organizations.

10/22/2012                                                   111-482
