Council Member Klein asked Mr. Bernstein if he believed HRB professionals
had the same professional certifications as Garavaglia’s firm.

Mr. Bernstein stated he had not compared certifications, but believed they
had similar credentials.

Council Member Holman asked Mr. Pickett what he knew when he purchased
the property.

Mr. Pickett stated he purchased the property because it was close to his
children’s schools. He said he did not purchase the home because it was
historic and had discovered it was on the Historic Registry when they
remodeled after the first year.

Council Member Holman stated the likelihood of the home crossing a
California Environmental Quality Act review appeared low and asked what
would be the difference if remain on the inventory.

Mr. Williams stated there was a risk challenge as a historic resource.

Council Member Holman asked what level of impact would there be if
additions were made to the rear of the home when an alteration review was
done.

Mr. Turner responded that the rear was less important than the front but the
house was looked at as a whole.

Council Member Espinosa asked why the peer review report had not been
shared with the HRB.

Mr. Turner explained that the peer review was submitted in final form on
January 3, 2012. HRB had made recommendation to Council on September
21, 2011. Staff felt even if HRB was given a copy of the report they could
not comment in any official capacity unless Staff brought the project back to
HRB.

Council Member Espinosa asked if there was any new compelling information
or rationale in the peer review that would make sense for the Council to
send it back to HRB for further review.

Mr. Williams felt that substantively it was finding the same thing. They were
satisfied with the original report and on track to move this forward to the
Council. The document from Page & Turnbull substantiated the prior report
and it did not seem necessary to require the additional HRB review.



                                      8                           01/09/2012
