     members will retain independent recommending authority should
     consensus not be reached.

9.   School quality and capacity is a significant City-wide issue considered
     essential to the maintenance of educational opportunities and excellence,
     and the overall health and well-being of our community.

10. Cubberley programs enrich the community and criteria should be
    developed to prioritize and/or retain existing uses as well as assess
    prospective new uses.

11. The City and PAUSD recognizes the potential to re-use the site as a joint
    City/PAUSD facility could result in stronger educational and cultural
    programs provided more efficiently.

12. The City Council representatives on the Policy Advisory Committee shall
    report, not less often than bi-monthly, to the full Council on Cubberley
    planning activities.

13. The City and PAUSD should work to continue community access to
    Cubberley to the extent possible. Recreation facilities provided at the
    Cubberley campus produce important services benefitting the community
    at large.

14. The residential neighborhoods surrounding Cubberley are significant factors
    in determining the compatibility of possible building changes on the
    Cubberley campus.

15. Transportation issues and access to and within Cubberley shall be
    considered in evaluating possible re-use options including improved bicycle
    and pedestrian facilities.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER: change Guiding Principle No. 5 to: The City and PAUSD
recognizes that both entities have significant interests in the Cubberley campus
and both parties should be open and sympathetic to the interests of the other
party.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER: add a sentence in the Guiding Principles that states: Draft
conceptual site plans are a starting point for discussion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER that Guiding Principle No. 1 will reflect: The City Clerk’s
Office would be responsible for sense minutes for the Policy Advisory and the
City Manager’s Office would be responsible to take notes at each Community

                                         7                           4/16/12
