                                MINUTES

Mr. Keene wanted to share a concept illustrating the implications for this
project if there were alternatives for funding and the implications for other
projects. This concept began with preliminary discussions between Staff and
a developer for office space expansion at 395 Page Mill. As part of the
discussion regarding potential public benefit, the idea was mentioned of
providing land and helping build a Public Safety Building. That idea allowed
the Council to consider creative approaches to funding mechanisms. Staff
asked the Council to explore the possibility of a public-private option of a
developer providing land at no cost and constructing the building with all soft
costs included.     Estimates of the City's costs in this scenario was
approximately $18 million. The point was to consider performing more
analysis and research on an option to provide a Public Safety Building and to
consider implications for other priorities. The timeline for a 2014 election
would include methods to begin testing dollar amounts and funding sources.

Council Member Klein inquired if the developer had indicated when it could
discuss the project in the prescreening process.

Mr. Keene believed the developer would like to discuss the project with the
Council as soon as possible. The main problem was the number of Items on
the Council's Agenda until the recess. If the Council wanted the Item on the
Agenda prior to the recess, the developer would be amenable.

Vice Mayor Scharff said if the Council could save $50 million for the
taxpayers, then it needed to review the project and understand the options.
He had a difficult time prioritizing projects, because all were worthwhile.
Some of them would have more interest if there was a co-funding source.
Funding all projects through a bond or new revenue was not possible,
because of the amount of money needed. He'd like to see any method for
having a public-private partnership or new revenue stream.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council should consider the importance to the public
of the Council considering different methods to solve infrastructure problems
without solely asking for more tax dollars.

Council Member Schmid felt the City should have more public-private options
and public benefits. He inquired how the costs were different.

Mr. Keene explained the developer's perspective was that it could construct
a building less expensively than the City could, but that would need to be
proved.

Council Member Schmid asked how the costs could be less when the quality
                                                                         Page 12 of 21
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/13/12
