                                MINUTES
whether certification of the EIR or approval of the Project would preclude the
City from having substantive input on the Project in the upcoming months.

Mr. Materman stated certification would not preclude the City from further
input, as it was one of the five agencies of the JPA. Details of truck routes,
timing, and notifications would be developed before the initiation of
construction. The JPA was required to hold one public hearing; it held two
public hearings. Outside of discussions with the ARB in August 2012 and the
P&TC in September 2012, the JPA was required to provide 45 days for
comment; it accepted comments two weeks past the 45-day deadline. The
JPA went beyond the letter of the law.

Vice Mayor Scharff was excited by the opportunity to fund and build the
Project. He referenced Packet Page 85, Number 8, regarding standard
bicycle wayfaring signage, and inquired if there was a reason the Council
should consider signage rather than making it a Condition of Approval.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official reported signage could be a
requirement. The language indicated the Council would consider signage,
because Staff had not designed the bicycle paths along the San Francisquito
Creek trail route. Once design was complete, Staff planned to request
approval.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted Mr. Materman was agreeable to changing the
language.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to:
1) approve a Record of Land Use Action approving the Site and Design
application for the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) initial
flood protection project (Highway 101 to San Francisco Bay) based upon the
findings and conditions in the Record of Land Use Action; 2) adopt the
attached Park Improvement Ordinance for modifications to the Palo Alto
Municipal Golf Course and the John Fletcher Byxbee Recreation Area, and 3)
alter language in the Record of Land Use, Section 7-Conditions of Approval,
Item 8 to delete the word “consider” and change “adding” to “add”.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted the Project had been in process for many years.
The Project would decrease the City's liability, increase protection for
residents, and remove requirements for flood insurance.

Council Member Price was comfortable with the JPA's certification of the EIR
and Staff's response regarding the adequacy of EIR and Project review. The
                                                                         Page 10 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/13/12
