                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein indicated the agreement was created to equalize
Downtown with the Stanford Shopping Center. He asked if approval was
obtained before increasing the time limit from two hours to three hours.

Mr. Williams was sure the proposal was presented to the Parking Committee;
however, the City implemented the change.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff had any information regarding
the value of a house without on-site parking increasing by $300,000-
$600,000 if an RPP program were instituted. He also asked if there was a
method for the City to recapture the value, and whether there were any
precedents around the country

Mr. Williams did not have specific information about real estate valuations.
He had heard the same information from property owners.

Council Member Klein was attempting to evaluate the increase in value and
to learn how other cities handled the issue. He inquired whether people
were exceeding the three-hour limit at charging stations.

Mr. Rodriguez reported typical charges at Downtown charging stations were
approximately three hours. Most people complied with the three-hour limit.

Council Member Klein asked if the study would include an analysis of the
amount to charge at charging stations.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated that had been discussed at the UAC. Staff operated
under the previous direction to move to a privatized network.

Council Member Klein asked Mr. Rodriguez to assume the City would not
privatize.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Staff could provide trends of other agencies around the
country.

Council Member Klein asked Staff to comment on methods to encourage or
require occupants of new projects to purchase permits for their employees to
prevent parking in neighborhoods.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff had more work to do to develop a
comprehensive plan. The Downtown Cap Study would provide more options.
The primary alternative was the TDM program, which would be part of the
Downtown Cap Study. One option was the purchase of permits. A second
                                                                      Page 22 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/13/12
