                                MINUTES
For the purpose of equity, these discussions should be held in public.

James Keene, City Manager, explained that the moratorium being proposed
did not apply to all development. It was a moratorium on the use of some
exceptions currently existing in the Code. The Council recognized this as an
important issue and indicated that Staff's engagement with applicants on the
equity and fairness issue should be reviewed. Staff was not negotiating a
solution with the two applicants, but performing due diligence in relation to
making a recommendation and presenting options to the Council. The issue
was managing Staff's work load. Staff would present a recommendation and
options by December 10, 2012.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to review and comment on the
Ordinance presented by Mr. Borock. She also asked the City Clerk to read
the Motion from the October 15, 2012 meeting.

Donna Grider, City Clerk stated Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Shepherd to adopt the interim Urgency Ordinance
establishing a moratorium on the use of the exempt floor area parking
exception set forth in Section 18.52.06(c) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code in
connection with any permit, entitlement, or development project pending
further study of Downtown and California Avenue parking issues; return to
Council within 45 days regarding the potential exceptions; incorporated into
the Motion with the consent of the maker and seconder that the Staff Report
in 45 days would contain a proposal for the exceptions to include the
preparation of a robust transportation demand management program for the
projects.

Council Member Holman asked the City Attorney to comment.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated the Ordinance appeared to have been
adopted a number of years ago. If she understood Mr. Borock's comments,
it had been repealed or replaced in the Code. It was a permissible approach.
The Ordinance appeared to address total moratoria on construction or the
processing of applications for building permits, which was not the issue
before the Council. The Ordinance currently before the Council was more of
a limited moratorium. It was possible to create exceptions to moratoria,
either not at all or along a range of how far projects had progressed in the
planning process. The Staff Report was clear that the Council had full
discretion to decide actions, because a legal vested right did not attach until
a building permit was issued and substantial work was performed in reliance
on the building permit. There were no projects in that situation. This was
an area of discretion for the Council.

                                                                          Page 7 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/19/12
