                               MINUTES
Typically equity partners provided 30-40 percent of funds with the balance
from a lender. Private parties would fund costs for project development,
design, construction, acceptance testing, and possibly operational costs.

Mayor Yeh asked for the total costs borne by private entities versus total
costs borne by public entities.

Mr. Binder stated 100 percent of costs were borne by the private party in
private financing. That 100 percent was divided with 30-40 percent coming
from equity partners in the project and the balance from a lender.

Mayor Yeh asked about management structure. He was curious where
economic feasibility fit into an analysis of the different project types.

Mr. Binder said economic feasibility would be done as part of the proposal
evaluation. If the RFP requested private financing, each private party would
propose the type of private financing, which would be reflected through a
service fee such as cost per ton. The City would determine how the service
fee translated to ratepayer costs.

Mayor Yeh inquired whether the per ton cost would be a detail included in a
proposal.

Mr. Binder replied yes. He expected firm price proposals to be submitted
with technical proposals as part of this RFP process.

Mayor Yeh asked how the public sector in a privately financed model
retained negotiating position. If it was a simple pass through with the public
entity not being able to negotiate or contest changes in contract, then that
was not to the benefit of the public entity.

Mr. Binder reported if the Council chose a privately owned and financed
project with costs per ton for service that cost per ton would be guaranteed
for the term of the contract except for an escalator index. Proposed costs
would be written into the contract as guaranteed prices maintained over the
term of the contract.

Mayor Yeh inquired if the consultant would consider the ORRS in the scope
of services being considered.

Mr. Bobel reported ORRS was an integral part of determining performance
standards, and Staff would be in charge of the document. Outreach to
neighboring cities would be difficult, because they were not accustomed to
finding solutions outside of their own purchasing process.


07-02-2012                                                             111-137
