                               MINUTES
and downtown employees paid an incremental $420.00 per year for the
operation and maintenance of the district. That was for things such as
sweeping and security and totaled $1.2 million per year. He said that it took
approximately 90 to 270 days to clear a waiting list. All the garages had
waiting lists except for Cowper/Webster. He stated that with stacked
parking they might add 300 to 400 more spaces, which was more effective
than the $65,000 per space cost of building another structure. He said that
parking equaled prosperity and that it was a fragile parking ecosystem that
could not take radical disruption. They supported the Staff report. It was a
long process and they did not know how it was going to turn out but they
anticipated knowing more in six months. He said they would probably return
to Council to discuss course correction at that time.

Ethan Atwood spoke against the RPP. He said he lived in Palo Alto for 20
years, mostly in Barron Park, but had moved to Downtown North three years
ago so he could take the train to work. He loved the vibrant downtown, but
paid for that with drunken students and a fair amount of noise and difficulty
parking. He said that was part of the deal when he moved to the area and
thought that everyone who lived in Professorville near the downtown also
understood that was part of the deal. He was annoyed and unhappy about
people who tried to keep others from parking in their neighborhood. When
he lived in Barron Park he drove to Professorville, parked, and walked
downtown. What the RPP did was take away a right from other Palo Alto
residents who lived in other neighborhoods and wanted to get downtown and
park. The permits went to people of wealth, people who were professionals
that lived downtown, and the people who were nurses at Lytton Gardens,
Webster House, and Channing House, but the stock men and women at
Whole Foods would not get permits and would be hurt by the RPP. He said
those people would simply walk four more blocks. He said that RPP hurt the
little people and to the rest of Palo Alto. He urged the Council to vote
against the RPP.

Richard Brand recommended that the Council take a serious look at how the
plan would be implemented as it dealt with longer term issues.           He
supported residential parking permits but did not believe the RPP was ready.
One of the issues was that if one did the math they would see that 103
residences ended up with 101 spaces available for one permit. He asked
where he would go to purchase an additional permit. People had asked Staff
how they measured the success of the program. He did not understand that
either and believed it needed to be well delineated in writing so that
everyone understood how the RPP was judged. He supported the idea in
principle, but thought the program needed further review.


                                                                       Page 13 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
