Council Member Klein said if the Actuarial Report was performed every two
years and the firm reviewed long-term, in ten years most of the employees
would be at two percent at 60.

Mr. Bartel said how the City achieved the factors would be based   on how the
employees were hired. His experience with second tiers was it      would take
approximately ten years for the agency to make up half of the      population.
For now the employees who had not been hired had no impact         on the un-
funded liability.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Mr. Bartel felt the Milliman firm would
have stayed at the 7.75 percent rate on discount.

Mr. Bartel said they would have had to drop to 7.61 percent for the period
ending June 30, 2011 since it was the cap.

Council Member Shepherd asked when the five year averaging was compiled
with respect to asset smoothing. She had seen the measurement between
2009 and 2010 and clearly 2009 was a low point for savings and portfolios.

Mr. Bartel said the firm settled on a five year asset smoothing period after
reviewing economic cycles and the CalPERS rate of return cycles which
ranged between a three to five year span. When the firm reviewed the
CalPERS 15-year pension smoothing system there was a fear the length of
time would mask a large systematic adjustment. The reason the firm settled
on a five year asset smoothing cycle was because it was a long enough
period to see an economic flux without being so long there was a masking
occurring.

Council Member Shepherd asked if there was recognition of the 2009
financial crisis.

Mr. Bartel said what was occurring was the difference between what was
expected and actual and bringing those amounts in 20 percent each year.
Well over half of the 2009 downturn was in the June 30, 2011 valuation
especially since the investment return was offset by good investment
returns. The goal was to not inflate the contribution rate if there was a
volatile market as well as it was not recommended to lower fears if the
investment market rose.

Council Member Shepherd asked what the risk would be if Council chose to
make a change to the five year asset averaging by either funding or not
funding the AAL.



                                     6                             01/30/2012
