Council Member Burt inquired if the potential partners did not have space to
allow them to be the Regional Dispatch Center, should the City move in that
direction.

Mr. Burns thought Mountain View would have some room, but it wouldn't be
a great site. He reiterated the 30 percent design had enough room for both.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff knew the cost of the San Mateo Public
Safety Building.

Mr. Burns replied he could obtain that information.

Council Member Price noted every discipline had individuals who were
considered futurists relating to the delivery of services. She asked what he
considered the gold standard in terms of evolving delivery of Public Safety
Services, and how he ascertained that information. She stated his point
regarding technology was good.

Mr. Burns stated Staff was part of a variety of professional associations, and
was very involved in the next generation of 911 through a group called
National Emergency Numbers Association (NENA) and Cal-NENA.                 He
indicated the Police Futurists International group, which was started by a
former FBI agent, discussed topics 15 and 20 years over the horizon. He
gave examples of being welcomed to a police station by a robot and
interacting with a kiosk. He said the International Association of Chiefs of
Police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Academy
Associates had regular meetings to discuss the best things to do and what
cities wanted to do. He reported Staff attempted to send personnel to
conferences that discussed the future. He indicated these organizations also
provided publications. He reported an emerging trend was low tech and
concerned the merging of Police and Fire at the command administrative
level. He said they were constantly searching the horizon for what would be
best for the City and community and how to maximize resources to make it
work.

Council Member Shepherd read in a blog that the City should outsource Fire
or Police. She asked if the Council should discuss that specific to Palo Alto
before proposing an initiative. She asked the City Manager to discuss
strategy for that. She could not imagine it not being a question in voters'
minds if the Council didn't reach a conclusion.

Mr. Burns indicated it was an option in almost any size community, there
were pluses and minuses, and was easier to do in the fire arena. He noted

                                  32                   January 21, 2012 
 
