The evaluation was based on the City of Palo Alto Municipal Code and other
criteria. Integrity was also evaluated to determine if the structure had
retained enough of its characteristics to remain historic on the historic list.
Garavaglia’s conclusion was that it did not appear to qualify for continued
listing due to extensive modifications done over time. City Planner and
Historian, Dennis Backlund reviewed the material and concurred with
Garavaglia‘s conclusion. The Historic Resources Board (HRB) had reviewed
and recommended that the Council retain the property on historic inventory
as category 4 citing the building retained historic fabric at the front façade.
There was a sense of feeling that in its original location it was apparent that
when walking or driving by the house that the modifications were consistent
with the Secretary of Standards for Rehabilitation. Staff felt that it would be
appropriate to provide the Council with each recommendation at this
evening’s meet because of opposing recommendations between the City and
HRB. Furthermore, the homeowner provided the Council with a peer review
of the Garavaglia evaluation prepared by Page and Turnbull dated January 3,
2012.

Mr. Williams stated he would respond to questions about the process if a
property was deleted from historic inventory list and subsequent
development that occurred. He stated that the process would be the same
as for any other residents in town: Individual review process with notice to
neighbors, determination relative to privacy and accountability on the
streetscape, and a building permit would be required.

Martin Bernstein, Historic Resources Board Chairperson, reported that the
Historic Preservation Ordinance mandated exterior and not interior reviews.
The HRB referenced the façade that faced the street and determined the
existing character defined that the historic features were intact. The HRB’s
report cited eleven changes to the building’s interior and the rear of the
house. The report concluded the loss of the interior design.

Mr. Turner stated the Board had recently received the report prepared by
Garavaglia and did not have the opportunity to review other historic
evaluations and could not provide additional recommendations to the
Council. The HRB's analysis of the existing historic characteristics and the
unanimous Motion recommended to the Council that the 117 year old house
at 935 Ramona Street be retained on the City’s historic inventory.

Mayor Yeh opened the Public Hearing and that the procedure was to allow
the applicant 10 minutes to give a presentation.

Public Hearing opened at 7:46 P.M.

Chris Pickett, Applicant, requested the Council’s approval to remove his
home from the historic inventory because it lacked sufficient integrity on the

                                      5                           01/09/2012
