                                MINUTES
Vise Mayor Scharff said amending the motion needed to be given more
thought. He thought it might be a good subject for Policy and Services but
thought there were other items that were more important, and said it might
not be a number one priority.

Council Member Burt asked how Staff made that determination.

Mayor Yeh said the maker did not accept the amendment.

Council Member Shepherd thought this was a good project for the Youth
Council.

Council Member Burt thought this topic needed to be explored more and was
not sure that the Youth Council was equipped for that.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd reported she went to the Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) Policy Advisory Committee meeting and said the prior grants
that they were applying for with Federal dollars required that half of the
transit lanes be a dedicated lane; that was no longer the case. VTA decided
to pursue their preferred route, which did not have dedicated lanes. This
expanded and modernized the route of the 522 bus, which was already a
rapid bus. She was looking forward to more of these meetings in 2013.

Mayor Yeh said the Mayor of Wisconsin reached out about the upcoming
Rose Bowl and suggested in a letter that the losing Mayor had to wear a cap
displaying the winning city’s emblem for an entire council meeting, the
losing city had to raise the flag of the winning city for an entire day, and the
losing team must plant a tree in honor of the winning team. The other item
he wanted to report on was that the tax exempt status for municipal bonds
was under consideration for part of the solution to remove the ability for
high income people who invest in tax exempt bonds to claim on their tax
returns. This was going to have the effect of undermining tax exempt status
for municipal bonds.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned in honor of Mayor Yeh and
Council Member Espinosa at 10:47 P.M.




                                                                          Page 19 of 19
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/17/12
