License Tax was also in that category as it needed to be on a General
Municipal Election, a simple majority would pass that tax. She recalled there
was some discussion at the Council Meeting about the Gasoline Excise Tax.
She explained Staff had placed it on this chart not to suggest that the tax
would be altered or increased, but rather to indicate there was an ability for
the City to securitize the income stream on that, and then push forward
those funds in a way that could be used on specific projects appropriate with
respect to use of that gas tax.

Mr. Keene stated the IBRC Report recommended new or replacement
facilities be funded through bonds, possibly Utility Bonds for the MSC and a
General Obligation Bond for the Public Safety Building. The City Attorney
had clarified that did not need to take place at a General Municipal Election.
Because the dates of November 2012 weren't a requirement to consider
that, the Council had more options.             He indicated another IBRC
recommendation was to deal with gap funding issues by either a 3/8ths
Sales Tax, which would require a General Municipal Election in either
November 2012 or November 2014, or by funds from Cubberley. He
reminded the Council they had discussed that not taking place outside the
Cubberley Process, which didn't anticipate discussions regarding the lease
agreement until 2013. He thought this could inform the Council regarding
their schedule and options in working through these IBRC issues. He asked
Mr. Perez to discuss the General Obligation (G.O.) bond issue schedule and
the preliminary steps to placing a topic on a ballot measure.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director indicated Staff had provided a
G.O. calendar concerning a timeline needed to put an effort forward. He
explained the first piece, prior to July, would be to have a sense of what the
Council wanted to do. For example, if it were Public Safety, then the Council
would want to perform community outreach and polling. If it were a wider
discussion, then the Council would want to look at the technical deadlines,
meaning the July and August dates, backwards to determine the amount of
time to perform outreach and polling. He explained the critical pieces from a
financing perspective were the July 9 date when the Council would adopt a
resolution of necessity; and the July 16 date when the Council would adopt
the Ordinance. He noted these dates provided a couple of Council Meetings
as a buffer for changes. If the Council made changes at the Meetings on
those dates, then the Council would have to begin the process again. He
indicated August 6 was the last day for the City Clerk to file the Ordinance
for an election with the County. Staff recommended that be done sooner,
but wanted to point out the actual date.

Council Member Shepherd stated she had read information about the Utility
User Tax. She knew the Utility User Tax was decreasing, as people shifted

                                  20                   January 21, 2012 
 
