                               MINUTES
17.   Ordinance 5152 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adopting a Plan for Improvements at Cogswell Plaza”.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Numbers 5-6, 8-17: 8-0 Espinosa
absent

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

17a. (Former Number 7) Approval of City Response to the Adopted Regional
      Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) for the 2014-2022 Cycle.

Council Member Klein favored Staff's recommendations with the exception of
not appealing the Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) allocation. An
appeal would probably not be successful; however, it was important to
exhaust all legal remedies.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to: 1) approve Staff recommendation and direct the Mayor to execute the
letter to the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) regarding the
City’s response to the Adopted Regional Housing Needs allocation (RHNA) for
the 2014-2022 Cycle; and 2) direct Staff to modify the letter to file an
appeal of the RHNA allocation.


Council Member Price agreed an appeal was a long shot, but the City should
take that step.

Council Member Schmid recalled a prior discussion including a legal opinion.
He asked the City Attorney to provide her view of an appeal.

Molly Stump, City Attorney reported it was a policy question for the Council.
The most conservative approach to preserve all potential next-steps would
be to file an appeal. There would be little harm in filing an appeal.

Council Member Schmid asked if his understanding was correct that stating
the cause of an appeal in the letter would preserve future avenues for
appeal.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment indicated
the City would not lose its right to appeal by foregoing the statement of an
appeal. One of the key issues was the Housing Element pending while an
appeal was in the process. He felt it was a policy rather than legal issue.


                                                                        Page 6 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
