                               MINUTES
With a static workforce and a growing retiree group the City needed to
understand the financial implications.

Ms. Shen added that the retirees had a two percent inflation factor built into
their pension. The active employees received no such raise.

Mr. Keene said that under the PEPRA law that Cost of Living Adjustment
(COLA) for retirees was not eliminated. Active employees had not received
adjustments, but retirees automatically received a two percent increase
annually. He said the City did not want to incent people to retire so they
would receive raises.

Ms. Shen said the PEPRA established new pension tiers, which applied to
new employees only. The new tier paid two percent at age 62 while the
current tier was two percent at age 60. Employees shared the normal
pension costs. The pension was based on a three year final compensation
versus a one year, which eliminated the spiking and applied to new
employees. PEPRA prohibited the purchase of additional service time called
“air time.” It also lowered the cap on compensation that was pension
eligible and sought to follow a Social Security template in which payments
were limited by earnings.

Mr. Keene said that only applied to a selected group of employees where the
cap existed and would raise other implications.

Ms. Shen agreed. Other changes included: benefits were calculated on base
pay; increased disability for certain Public Safety employees; a limit on post
retirement public employment; and replacement plans were eliminated. The
City’s legal team planned to provide an in depth analysis for the Council’s
November pension meeting. She provided a 10 year look at the pension
cost. From 2002 to 2012 the pension grew over 500 percent. The City
needed to ensure the pensionable employees were the core it wanted to
provide the services to the community.

Mr. Keene said that with respect to the chart the drop in 2009 was due to a
reduced workforce size. Some of the outer years were projections that were
not based on actual CalPERS projections.        He said that by 2013 the
employee portion of the pension costs, which was seven, eight, or nine
percent was picked up by the employees. The chart excluded the employee
paid portion, which needed to be taken into consideration when you
determined the acceleration of costs.

Ms. Shen said PEPRA was the new pension law. With respect to healthcare
over the past 10 years it had the same increased cost trajectory. Retiree
                                                                         Page 7 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
