plans, because the Report represented the citizens' perceptions and needs to
be addressed.     Staff did not provide any specific action items to the
Departments as a result of the Report; it was a tool for the Council and the
City's management team to use at their discretion. He stated it was another
source of information similar to the financial reports and other reports that the
City had to make decisions.

Council Member Price said the timing of this presentation and the distribution
of this document was very useful in terms of the budgeting cycle. She
thought these results could inform the public and the Departments in terms of
making a case for services and performance. She inquired how the social
media question was expressed and what type of information Staff used to
assess the utilization of social media to provide information about City
services.

Mr. Pelletier responded that was one of the custom questions that Staff was
able to provide in the survey. He noted the majority of the survey was
standardized; Staff did not have any input into the questions. He reported
the questions were presented to the public exactly as they were stated in the
appendix.

Council Member Price asked what operating transfers out entailed.

Mr. Ramberg stated he was looking at non-departmental on page 9 of the SEA
Report. He reported there was $11 million in Fiscal Year 2011 for operating
transfers out. He stated operating transfers out primarily consisted of the
transfer to the Capital Projects Fund. He explained every year there was a $9
million to $10 million transfer that was budgeted and expended to fund the
General Fund share of the City's Infrastructure program, as well as a small
transfer for the General Fund's share of debt service.

Mr. Pelletier responded to Council Member Price's previous question regarding
social networking. He said the survey question could be found on Attachment
1 of the SEA Report, page 51, and read please rate each of the following
characteristics as they relate to Palo Alto as a whole, opportunities to learn
about City services through social networking web sites such as Twitter or
Facebook.

Council Member Schmid found there was something in the Report that helped
provide a context to the decisions the Council made each week. He noted in
the health and wellness section on page 31 people of Palo Alto rated as
extremely important the availability of local, affordable quality food, which
related to the issue of a neighborhood grocery on the Agenda tonight. He
stated little tidbits like that each week shed light on the types of decisions the
Council made.


                                              6                     03/19/2012
