                               MINUTES
Mr. Bobel agreed Staff did not provide the CEQA timeline, but could provide
more detail.

Council Member Holman felt scoping a project this complex was important,
and it was not included in the schedule. She asked if all costs that were not
captured during the campaign would be incorporated into the RFP.

Mr. Bobel indicated costs would be incorporated into the City's analysis.
Staff would not ask vendors to estimate capping; Staff would add that.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Council could delay until a
decision in the legal action was issued.

Ms. Stump stated she would provide a complete timeline with respect to the
litigation. There was not a business need to suspend planning efforts.
Public Works wanted to move forward with the timelines for operational
reasons. Staff did not anticipate any substantial reason to adjust the
timeframe. If developments in the litigation caused Staff to change its view,
Staff would inform the Council.

Mr. Keene noted differing and divergent perspectives in the community
about what should happen. Staff had no predetermined outcome, other
than the fact that there were complex factors to consider. The Council
needed additional information to make decisions. Staff was proposing
processes that allowed it to provide more details and information to the
Council.

Council Member Holman felt it would be prudent to wait a few months for a
decision, rather than spending $290,000 and then the court deciding against
the Measure.

Ms. Stump indicated the litigation system had an element of unpredictability.
She felt the trial court would provide a decision in a few months. One party
or another could appeal the decision, resulting in a delay of quite a few
months.

Council Member Holman asked if a decision about the rest of the park would
occur in 2014.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff would return the Item to the Council in early 2013,
and the Council would decide whether to completely cap, partially cap or
defer capping of the landfill. In early 2013, the Council would be faced with
the decision of the landfill.



07-02-2012                                                            111-131
