                               MINUTES
The carrier would provide feedback regarding its preferences to the
construction company, who would then provide coverage maps to the City.

Mayor Yeh believed carriers should provide coverage maps, because it added
value.

Mr. Tanczos stated he had coverage data from every carrier and from every
road in the City of Palo Alto.

Mayor Yeh asked if that information could be made public.

Mr. Tanczos needed to check software licensing requirements.

Mayor Yeh asked if the intensity of data demand could be determined from
each macro tower once it was constructed.

Mr. Tanczos indicated carriers would have to provide the intensity of data
demand. He did not have access to that level of usage and capacity.

Mayor Yeh stated the ability to understand data demand around different
substations and towers would inform fiber discussions and the provision of
service. The Council's intention was to create and drive business towards
macro cells. He asked about incentives created by other jurisdictions. He
was not opposed to disincentives for DAS applications.        He wondered
whether costs of Staff time and costs for public hearings had been included
in the DAS application process. The costs should be quantified relative to
what the Council was trying to create.

Mr. Williams felt that an analysis would be helpful. There were substantial
costs for Council, Staff, and Board and Commission time; however, the
Applicants paid for the cost of Staff's processing time.

Mr. Tanczos reported the carriers would pursue the path of least resistance
once shared towers were available. He would not advocate disincentives for
small cells, because they were an important part of the design. Without
small cells complementing the macro cells, the City would lose the
robustness of the network and carriers would pursue more macro cells
throughout the design.

Mayor Yeh suggested the Council could consider that in updating Zoning
Ordinances. He asked if the RFQ would request submissions for both
constructions of macro cells and fiber backhaul or construction of macro cells
only.



06/25/2012                                                             111-106
