                               MINUTES
This past year the State Legislature took action on several items, including
Worker’s Compensation and a pension reform package. He gave an update
on the San Joaquin Valley Browns Water Project and the proposed bond
measure. Assembly Member Gordon spoke about reform efforts for the
Regional Housing Mandate requirements, and the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA). He stated one of his main concerns is the State budget,
how much has been cut and the programs that have had to be cut. In the
coming year, he sees water, education reform, and CEQA as the main topics
for discussion.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager spoke regarding; 1) the Energy Compost
Facility Considerations Public Meeting on Wednesday October 17, 2012 from
5 p.m. to 7 p.m. at the Palo Alto Downtown Library, 2) Palo Alto Firefighters
would host a pancake fundraiser on October 20, 2012 at Fire Station 6 with
proceeds going to Project Safety Net, 3) Friends of Palo Alto Junior Museum
& Zoo would host Halloween Zoo Night on Friday October 26, 2012, 4) a
backyard compost workshop would be held at the Eden Garden on October
26, 2012, and 5) San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority would meet
on October 18, 2012.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the minutes of July 16, July 23, September 4, and
September 10, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0        Burt and Schmid absent

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Deborah Klughers, spoke regarding Palo Alto progressive stance on recycling
and her support of Proposition 37.

Tony Kramer, spoke regarding Palo Alto noise code and the AT&T DAS
project. He had concerns with a letter that he has received regarding this
project from Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community
Environment.

Rita Vrhel, spoke regarding an application by Mr. John Miller to be heard by
the Council on November 5, 2012. She had concerns with the application for
Elizabeth Seton School regarding vehicle traffic and noises for her
neighborhood.
                                                                        Page 2 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/15/12
