Council Member Klein said there were two parts to the Motion: 1) to
continue to have Five Priorities for 2012, and 2) to refer the matter to P&S
for discussion and to recommend to the Council a change in the priority
setting process and to define Priority.

Council Member Holman was not in favor of removing Land Use and
Transportation Planning because Cubberley was a large project and should
be landmarked.

Annette Glanckoph, gave a report on 2011 Emergency Preparedness
Program. She said all of the emergency volunteers in the community have
come together and would continue to in 2012. Three priority goals were
accomplished. Several drills had taken place with stakeholders and
emergency preparedness in the neighborhood. A large amount of funding
was received from external sources for materials and projects the group
wanted to accomplish. New Emergency Preparedness classes were added
and trained over 100 new people in the Block Preparedness Coordinator
program. A self-assessment was completed at the end of the year. Goals
mentioned by Stakeholders would be brought forward into the 2012. Efforts
would be made for neighboring communities to get into a best practice
model, to have the same identification, and use the same terminology in
preparing for a disaster. The 2012 goals were to maintain momentum in
emergency preparedness program, grow efforts, work towards a unified
command for emergency volunteers to be under one structure, set task
forces for vulnerable populations, and to foster a culture of preparedness.

Lidia Ku asked the Council and the City to continue Emergency Preparedness
as a Priority and continue to fund $15-20k for the operations, education, and
other related materials for the community. She asked that Council Members
participate in classes, to advocate and become a Block Preparedness
Coordinator. There participation would show the community the Council’s
commitment to move Emergency Preparedness forward as a 2012 Priority.

Council Member Burt stated that P&S had produced a cross-matrix that
showed a goal or initiative did not fall only under one particular Priority.
One of the objectives should be to have something that served as multiple
purposes at once. An example was if Infrastructure was framed under City
Finances it did not mean it was not a Priority but meant it had a financial,
environmental sustainability, Land Use and Transportation Planning and an
Emergency Preparedness element.       Cubberley was at the core of the
Infrastructure. There were more core value elements versus initiatives.
Priorities were a hybrid of both. A Healthy Community Priority was a
crossover between several areas. He raised concerns that the Council
devoted this meeting and other sessions to Infrastructure and asked why it

                                  4                    January 21, 2012 
 
