                               MINUTES
there was a valid and concrete review process that was open and available
to the public.

Mr. Williams said the Staff believed that there was currently a much closer
working relationship between the two agencies.            The letter was an
acknowledgement that the Water Board had consulted with the EPA and they
believed that the EPA was consistent with their determination. Additionally,
Staff indicated and the P&TC suggested that there would be indoor air
quality sampling on all floors, not just in the garage and reporting out on
that. He emphasized that they had not relied entirely on the consultant for
the Applicant’s report. Staff relied primarily on the Water Board, but the
City also had its own environmental consultant that completed a peer review
of everything. The City’s consultant was comfortable and felt that the
combination of the full vapor barrier and active ventilation system was more
than what was typically warranted. Staff felt that being on the conservative
side was appropriate to require those. The Applicant agreed, and he thought
it created an acceptance level for the EPA as well. He said that he was not
qualified to adjudicate between the numbers.           The City relied on a
combination of the Water Board and the City’s Consultant who had spoken
with Council at length the last time the project was on the agenda. Both felt
that the methods of mitigation were adequate to address the issue.

Council Member Schmid said what he read in the notes was that the Water
Board acknowledged that the EPA in its recent studies had argued for tighter
screening levels. They said, “We will review with them,” but that term was
not very strong and he wondered what kind of oversight the City had over
the process.

Mr. Williams said he was afraid the City had very little oversight in terms of
the process between the State and the Federal agency. He thought that
while the Appellant may prefer that the EPA be the governing agency there
was no dispute as to who the governing agency was, it was the Water Board.
The Appellant indicated that in some places the EPA had eliminated the
lower agency and thought it was more appropriate for them do that, but
they had not done that in this case. Staff was comfortable, but he thought
that the City trying to impose itself between the two agencies was
problematic.

Council Member Schmid said the wording used by the Water Board was “We
expect to apply these lower screening levels and to review them with the
EPA.” He asked if that was a public review that was available to the public.

Mr. Williams said he imagined the information would be available to the
public, but that it was not a publicly debated decision.
                                                                        Page 24 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
