Mr. Emslie stated they primarily applied to a new structure. If more square
footage were added, the school fee would apply.

Council Member Burt noted the RWQCP was used by four cities. He inquired
if it was also an Enterprise Fund.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Council Member Burt stated other than the Utility portion of the MSC; the list
did not contain Enterprise Funds. Projects were primarily General Fund
obligations.

Mr. Keene indicated the MSC was a blend.

Council Member Burt suggested it should be identified that way, so everyone
understood it was split among a number of cities and it was an Enterprise
Fund. He assumed the dollars would come from sewer fees. He noted the
bike bridge was listed for $10 million, and asked if the City would pay the
full $10 million or apply for grants.

Mr. Keene stated that was the figure the IBRC used to identify the scope of
the project.

Council Member Burt stated the number should be the anticipated amount of
the City's share of costs. If the City had to pay $10 million, he would not
support the project because the City had higher priorities.

Mr. Keene reported that was the known funding potential for this particular
project. Other projects could have creative solutions where the Council
could earmark funding.

Council Member Burt suggested that should be noted and discounted
accordingly. The amount listed should be the discounted amount and not
the full amount. He noted the Charleston/Arastradero project was a catch-
up project which did belong here. There was a convergence between what
the Council could successfully ask from the voters and the highest priorities.
He leaned toward identifying the Public Safety Building as a high priority,
and suggested having the revenue measure on the ballot along with the
advisory measure. The City Attorney had clarified that was commonly done,
and it set a policy obligation that the Council would use the funds for that
purpose. He asked if that was a fair and permissible characterization.

Ms. Stump stated it was a fair characterization for the discussion.

Council Member Burt asked the Chief of Public Safety to present his adjusted
needs assessment at the next Study Session, because he wanted to focus on

                                      18                              4/30/2011
