                                MINUTES

Carol Harrington stated Mr. Fazzino's contributions to public policy and public
communications was unequaled. She read a statement which would appear
in the Chamber of Commerce's electronic newsletter. She would create a
memorial on Ever Talk, a Facebook application, for Mr. Fazzino.

Jay Thorwaldson related stories of Mr. Fazzino becoming a lead vote on the
Council and filing paperwork declaring his first candidacy for the City
Council. Mr. Fazzino's convictions and love of the community grew over the
years.

Vince Larkin recalled Mr. Fazzino's early service for education. He sang a
tribute to Mr. Fazzino. Mr. Fazzino loved baseball, soccer, his family, and his
world.

Betsy Bechtel learned many things from him during their service on the
Council. She recalled his pride in his Italian heritage. She would remember
him fondly and agreed with naming something in the City in his honor.

Bob Moss recalled Mr. Fazzino's vast knowledge of City Council history and
his long-running debate with Mr. Fazzino regarding term limits.

Ann Ream recalled Mr. Fazzino's kind nature during campaigns. Mr. Fazzino
traveled to all meetings by foot or bicycle.

Council Member Espinosa introduced a second video of Mr. Fazzino's election
commentary. He read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the Resolution honoring Former Mayor Gary Fazzino.

Council Member Price was thankful for Mr. Fazzino. He was always available
to comment and encourage all City Council Members.

Council Member Shepherd recalled Mr. Fazzino's donation of Hewlett Packard
funds to the football game between Palo Alto High School and Gunn High
School.

Council Member Klein served on the City Council with Mr. Fazzino from 1981
through 1983. Mr. Fazzino's enthusiasm was contagious. He recalled their
conversations regarding baseball. Mr. Fazzino was writing a book about Palo
Alto's political history at his death. His devotion to detail was legendary.

Council Member Schmid recalled Mr. Fazzino's statement that they should
                                                                          Page 2 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/13/12
