                               MINUTES
Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official indicated the Palo Alto station
had approximately 1,000 scheduled bus stops daily, and that was a
conservative estimate. The Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority
(VTA), the Stanford Marguerite system and the San Mateo County Transit
(SamTrans) utilized the Transit Center. He did not have information for
Caltrain.

Council Member Burt noted AC Transit, the Dumbarton Bridge, and the Palo
Alto shuttles also used the station.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the Palo Alto shuttle did not stop at the station. It
stopped on Lytton, and was not included in the number of buses using the
bus station.

Council Member Burt felt the number should include any system that
brought people to the Intermodal Transit Center.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the Marguerite system had an average of 2,500
boardings at the Transit Center daily.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the letter of intent for TheatreWorks
had to be tied to one developer.

Mr. Keene felt having a theatre at the site was more important than the
proponent. Staff would work with the City Attorney regarding the language
of the letter of intent. The letter of intent had to be meaningful for
TheatreWorks' purposes and fundraising efforts.

Robin Kennedy, Chair of the Board of TheatreWorks reported TheatreWorks
would consider any site in Palo Alto regardless of the developer. She
estimated the value of Mr. Arrillaga's contribution to the theatre at
approximately $30 million. TheatreWorks would have to raise $35-$50
million to complete the interior of the building. Raising $80 million would be
considerably more difficult.

Council Member Shepherd understood the City would not begin the EIR
process until an application was submitted.

Mr. Emslie agreed.

Council Member Shepherd stated the applicant paid for the EIR. She asked
whether Staff anticipated the submission of an application if the advisory
measure was successful.

                                                                        Page 16 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/3/12
