Ms. Alvarado said they called that a snorkel lane, which was no longer a
part of the design standard. She noted the snorkel lane could be removed
to allow more parking. She suggested the Council approach the USPS
about that; they'd be willing to work with the Council on that.

Mayor Yeh asked Staff if the City usually relied upon an appraisal obtained
by the property owner or obtained an independent appraisal or property
assessment.

Mr. Keene thought the Council had some discretion, but practice was to
obtain an independent appraisal for transparency and validation for the
Council on any spending decision.

Mayor Yeh was curious about the construction options for the actual
building. He assumed there were protections for changing the building
itself, and inquired if there were options for construction around the
building.

Mr. Williams thought there were probably some options for building around
the building, not in front of the building. He explained any construction
would need to be consistent with the Secretary of Interior standards. He
indicated it might be possible to have some kind of addition or separate
structure behind the building, but Staff did not have a detailed analysis of
that.

Mr. Keene understood the Postal Service was required to sell the property
at the appraised value, with that being based on existing zoning, the
historical nature and requirements, building conditions and market factors.
He asked if there were any circumstances where the Postal Service would
sell the property for less than the appraised value, separate from
something related to the relocation piece.

Ms. Alvarado stated they would need special approvals to sell below
appraised value.

Mr. Keene asked if they had done that before.

Ms. Alvarado stated her office had not done that, but she was sure it had
been done around the country.

Priscilla Bates was somewhat reassured by learning that the Postal Service
was interested in relocation, which is what she thought they needed. She
thought the City needed a Post Office location Downtown. She stated it
was easy to go to the Post Office while doing a number of other errands.
She hoped Palo Alto could consider buying that building and using it for
Post Office space and some of the other space the City needed for its

                                     16                          02/21/2012
