                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein referenced the statement on page 121 of the Packet
regarding the need for eight votes for any exception, and inquired whether
that statement was accurate and the result if eight votes were not cast for
an exception.

Ms. Stump explained the Council could adopt a moratorium containing
exceptions, and that action would require a 4/5 vote or eight votes.
Alternatively, if the Council adopted a moratorium without exceptions, it
retained the ability to consider later a particularized Ordinance applying to
individual projects. The latter option would be an ordinary Ordinance
requiring a simple majority.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the second alternative could be done
at the same meeting as the first action.

Ms. Stump reported the Council would customarily fold the two actions
together, because they were on the same topic. She was unsure if that was
a requirement. Addressing the two projects did not necessarily need to be
an urgency Ordinance. The Council could enact those separately.

Council Member Klein asked if it was not correct that an exception would
need eight votes. It could be achieved by a 5-4 vote.

Ms. Stump felt Staff worked under the assumption that the Council wished to
address the issue comprehensively in one Ordinance. One Ordinance would
require eight votes. Particularized Ordinances for projects were an unusual
alternative and not the custom and practice in Palo Alto; however, the
Council had that ability in cases it deemed appropriate.

Mayor Yeh indicated if the Council continued the Item and accepted Staff's
recommendation, the Item would return to the City Council at the December
10, 2012 meeting for a more comprehensive discussion.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd to; 1)
adopt the extension of the Interim Urgency Ordinance (Interim Ordinance)
establishing a moratorium on the use of the Exempt Floor Area parking
exception set forth in Section 18.52.060(c) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code in
connection with any permit, entitlement or development project, pending
further study of Downtown and California Avenue parking issues for a period
of thirty (30) days through December 29, 2012; and 2) Direct staff to return
prior to further extension of the ordinance with proposed language related to
potential exceptions for properties at 135 Hamilton Avenue and 636
Waverley Street.

                                                                         Page 8 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/19/12
