                               MINUTES
March 2013 election. That timeframe allowed further review and input by
the Council on specific language for the Advisory Ballot Measure.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to address the public's concern about
the lack of transparency in the process.

Mr. Emslie stated the project was a bold step forward and was proposed on
a philanthropic basis. In seeking the advice of the voters, Staff would
provide enough information for the public to reach a decision to proceed with
the project. This was only the beginning of the process. It was a rare
opportunity for the public to influence the future of the City.

Council Member Espinosa inquired about further development of the Master
Plan between the current time and March 2013 if the Council accepted
Staff's recommendation for a March vote.

Mr. Emslie indicated moving the project forward would require significant
engineering and architectural drawings. The applicant wanted to have public
input before incurring those expenses; therefore, Staff proposed placing the
measure on the March 2013 ballot.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether the City could implement the
Master Plan and develop the project without this applicant's proposal.

Mr. Emslie reported no improvements had been made in the area since
planning began 20 years ago. Without this proposal, obtaining funds and
improving the transit center would take a very long time.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to comment on the likelihood of the
proposal moving forward if the office space was scaled back.

Mr. Emslie stated the total square footage for the office building was a
clearly defined project goal and a significant issue for the applicant. There
could be flexibility in the arrangement of the square footage.

Mr. Garber believed the applicant's expectations had moved towards
embracing Palo Alto's needs since the proposal was first made.         The
applicant supported changes to the original design; however, the applicant
had not indicated he would be willing to decrease the total square footage
from 250,000-260,000.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether Staff would have drafted the
proposed Master Plan if the applicant had not requested the office space and
provided the opportunities for transit improvements and a theater.
                                                                       Page 10 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/24/12
