                               MINUTES
Janice Berman opposed 100-foot tall buildings. The project would be huge
and create an urban cityscape.

Susan Fineberg reported the public had not seen a draft of written policy
regarding exceptions or abandonment of the 50-foot height limit or the
optimal amount of Downtown office growth. There had been no public
process to prioritize spending of Stanford funds. The current Comprehensive
Plan and zoning laws did not support the scale, size, and uses of the
proposed project. She suggested the Council update the Comprehensive
Plan before taking further action on the project.

Lisa Webster supported the proposed project, especially the proposed
theatre building, and asked the Council to continue the process.

Mark Vershel stated TheatreWorks was known for arts innovation and
education. Most people did not consider the possibilities of the project.

Neilson Buchanan could support the project if it were in isolation. He
suggested the City's website include more facts and responses to public
comment.

Russ Cohen felt the park was not an adequate entryway to Downtown. The
Council's job was not to judge the merits of the architectural design, but to
discuss the project. He urged the Council to move the discussion forward.

Ronna Devincenzi felt the area needed help. Traffic, parking, and use of
parkland had to be addressed. This was a chance for the public to provide
input to redeveloping the area.

Shani Kleihaus stated the process should begin with full environmental
review. Having a ballot measure first limited the Council's future actions.

Eric Filseth indicated Staff's vision for Palo Alto was disconnected from the
vision of a large majority of residents. Zoning laws, the Comprehensive
Plan, and the concerns of residents were not important to Staff.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether Council Members wished to continue
the discussion.

Council Member Espinosa preferred continuing the conversation to another
time.



                                                                       Page 25 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
