Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff worked with the applicant to ensure they
extended the left-turn storage on Embarcadero Road to accommodate any
increase, so that nothing spilled over onto Embarcadero Road and provided a
queue impact.

Council Member Schmid noted there was 1,200 feet between the San
Francisquito Bridge and the shopping center that did not have a sidewalk or
pedestrian/bicycle lanes. He asked how Staff was planning for that in the
Bicycle Pedestrian Transportation Plan.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the draft Bicycle Pedestrian Transportation Plan had a
deficiency map of the City of Palo Alto that included areas for transitioning
road curves to straight curves. He said there were deficiency areas in Barron
Park where there were no sidewalks. He indicated the West Bayshore
segment would be added to the Plan. He stated adding this segment to the
Bicycle Pedestrian Transportation Plan allowed Staff to pursue grant sources
to review design and construction options for the project. He reported there
was no immediate plan to build any other sidewalk improvement along West
Bayshore Road.

Council Member Schmid noted items in the Bike Plan had not been funded in
the last 11 years, and there was no promise to resolve the issue.

Mr. Rodriguez replied right.

Council Member Schmid indicated success for the shopping center was
dependent on ease of access; however, he felt parking was worrisome if
approximately 100 parking spaces had been removed from that site. He
noted the 16 parking spaces for the meditation center would be radically
under parked if there was any change in ownership. He inquired whether
Staff would negotiate with them if there was a change in use of that site.

Mr. Williams stated Staff had flagged that building to provide parking in
compliance with the Code if the use of the building changed.

Council Member Schmid asked if any change in use from a meditation center
to any kind of office activity would require a request for a Code change.

Mr. Williams responded right. He explained the meditation center was a
general business service, so some changes of use were permitted. However,
he stated a change to straight office use would not be permitted until parking
spaces were resolved.

Council Member Schmid stated they had a historical covenant with the current
shopping center for parking.


                                          24                     03/19/2012
