                      DRAFT MINUTES
Council following any meeting of the PAC.” If Council was not
interested in the report they could opt out at that time.

Council Member Holman was concerned that if the report came at
the end of the meeting it would be late and the report would be
short and not be taken in or digested well. She thought they
needed to find another means; she liked the idea of a report after
each meeting, but did not like it at the end of the Council
meetings.

Mayor Yeh said he would leave that detail out and returned to the
original language for Guiding Principle Number 10 proposed by
Council Member Klein. He said the language was “The City
Council representatives on the CPAC shall report, not less often
than bi-monthly, to the full Council on Cubberley planning
activities.”  He said that the majority of Council indicated
agreement. He stated he had no changes for Guiding Principle
Number 13 or Guiding Principle Number 14.

Council Member Holman said that for Guiding Principle Number13
she would keep the first sentence and add a second sentence
“PAUSD and the City should work to continue community access.”

Council Member Klein said that it was the first time they had said
that the City and PAUSD should work toward a particular goal.
The other Guiding Principles said what the City ought to do. He
stated that he was not objecting to it, but it went to a comment
that he wanted to have at the end of the conversation regarding
another alternative for the Staff to put everything into language
that PAUSD could adopt as well.

Mayor Yeh said they would look back on that issue later.

Council Member Burt agreed that they should have the Guiding
Principles worded in language that would be proposed to PAUSD.
he agreed in principle because they wanted to try to have
something that PAUSD would be comfortable with.
                                                                  Page 64 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
