order by any of the stated dates. He suggested the Council should get
moving in order to be ready for a date in 2013 or 2014. He was interested
in hearing Chief Burns' thoughts regarding revising the previous plans to a
smaller and less expensive building. He wanted to know where the building
would be located, and was intrigued by the suggestion of using the
Downtown Post Office site. He indicated the building had a basement which
could be utilized, the main floor could be divided into two floors, and an
addition could be built at the rear. He asked if Staff could speak to the
possibility of receiving a reduced price on that site. He thought voters were
more likely to support a bond measure when they knew what they were
getting. He stated the Council would be asking voters to trust it, and using
numbers based on previous plans was not good enough. With regard to
catch-up and keep-up, the Council questioned whether the numbers in the
IBRC Report were defensible. He said before asking citizens to increase
taxes or reduce services, the Council needed to be confident in the numbers.

Council Member Shepherd requested Mayor Yeh and Council Member Klein,
as they were attending the City School Liaison Committee meeting, find out
the potential for PAUSD placing an initiative on the ballot. She indicated it
was problematic if the Council and the School District both had initiatives.
She reported they were running a $4.3 million deficit and thought it had
grown by $700,000 based on reduced State funding. She said that meant
the School District could be in a financial crisis in approximately two years.
Because of the close relationship with the School District, she stated it was
important for the Council to understand their thinking and actions in order to
avoid budget cuts particularly if the Council was transitioning the Cubberley
site to them. She was interested in understanding when the Council needed
to perform polls in order to make decisions. She understood the dates for
elections, and asked how long polling required. She thought polling was
needed in order to make an informed decision on what the community would
vote for. She recalled using that information with the first Parcel Tax the
School District put into place. She inquired if the Council had enough
information to perform polls. She wanted to understand the process of
going to a campaign manager who could process that type of polling. Her
final comment concerned the budget-setting process for the current year:
whether the Finance Committee should begin earmarking items differently
than in the past; and whether the Council should begin searching for items
to comprise the $2 million for Infrastructure.

City Clerk, Donna Grider spoke regarding the Mail Ballot Elections for the
storm drain issue. She reported that was a property-related election, so she
could handle that. She explained voter information was held by the Voter
Registrar, so she had discussed this with the Registrar in the past. She said
the it would follow the same election calendar of 88 days prior to the date of

                                  25                   January 21, 2012 
 
