                                MINUTES
Over a long period of time, there would be less incentive to construct
ownership housing compared to rental housing. It should be considered as
part of the Housing Element constraints.

Public Hearing closed at 9:47 P.M.

Council Member Klein noted a general statement criticizing ABAG's numbers
and methodology, and suggested a paragraph stating the City did not agree
with the ABAG process. He asked if the City Attorney agreed with that.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney indicated Staff could add some
language either in the Housing Element or in the cover letter to HCD.

Mr. Williams offered the language that the City had concerns.

Council Member Klein wanted the language to be stronger than merely
concerns. The City had firmly opposed the process through the years. The
language should indicate the City was using the process only because it was
a requirement.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff would do that at the Council's direction.

Council Member Klein felt the last paragraph on page 283 regarding vacant
parcels was not true.

Mr. Williams reported the statement was certainly not true when the
Foothills and Baylands were included, and Staff would clarify that. The
intent was not to include dedicated parklands.

Council Member Klein believed development costs had not continued to
increase as indicated on page 284. Contracts reviewed by the City had
shown a decrease over the last several years.

Mr. Williams suggested rewording the statement to indicate costs were high;
therefore, it was difficult to provide affordable housing.

Council Member Klein noted the RHMC rejected the idea of using parking
lots, and asked whether that should be studied for the next cycle of the
Housing Element.

Vice Mayor Scharff believed the City should not consider parking lots at any
time. The Housing Element probably contained more inaccuracies. The goal
was to receive HCD certification, and then to review the document in depth.



07-09-2012                                                               111-162
