                                 MINUTES

Elizabeth Ames, Senior Engineer, reported Staff viewed the mezzanine as
part of an essential service facility, and could not differentiate it. The
mezzanine contained approximately 9,600 square feet.

Council Member Burt indicated the mezzanine's 9,600 square feet of space
was not included in the area that could be leased, if the building did not
have to be upgraded to essential services. To utilize that space, the City
could upgrade it to essential services which was cost prohibitive; renovate it
for office occupancy which could be beneficial; or, renovate it for storage
which could be leased and, thus, increase revenue. He asked if the current
Police facility had a community meeting room.

Mr. Burns answered no.

Council Member Burt asked if seven to ten years was realistic for instituting
a shared 911 and EOC center.

Mr. Keene reported the earliest time would be four or five years if every
aspect ran smoothly. Considerations were the location and the facility. He
was not advocating designing the regional space in the Public Safety
Building, but the Council should consider it possibly to accelerate the
opportunity.

Mr. Burns met with colleagues in Mountain View, Los Altos, and Sunnyvale to
discuss regional issues and possible collaboration. This was not a primary
topic under discussion. The three communities were set on the virtual
consolidation, which was a good first step.

Council Member Burt stated the Council would need to know the
communities' positions at the time the Council made a decision on the Public
Safety Building in order to align timelines.

Mr. Keene felt the Council would not have enough details to define it or to
answer the public's questions.

Council Member Burt asked if the programming allowed for a 20-year
growth.

Mr. Ross stated it was programmed through 2032.           An official expansion
space had not been assigned to the building.

Council Member Burt explained that evidence and property storage could be
located within the building for the first five or ten years, but it would need to
                                                                           Page 8 of 21
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/13/12
