                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams said they had defined a problem based on occupancy maps.
There were substantial areas with close to 100 percent parking occupancy
during at a good portion of the day.

Council Member Klein reframed his question and asked if the residents had a
problem. Council heard testimony both ways. Some residents said that
they did not have a problem and that they lived in the area and only had to
park a block and a half away. Others described it as intolerable. He asked if
there was a standard that defined a problem if he had to park more than a
certain number of blocks away and it took more than a certain amount of
time to find a space.

Mr. Rodriguez said that they did not use that type of a measure when they
went through the process. What Staff typically used when they looked at
transit oriented development type of standards was that a half a mile was a
comfortable radius for people to walk.

Council Member Klein asked how many blocks a half mile was.

Mr. Williams said they did not have that kind of criteria. He thought it was a
perception issue and Staff felt there was a strong perception among a
number of the residents that there was an issue.            It was ultimately
subjective as to whether it was a problem. There was no traffic problem or
traffic hazard in the City. It was a personal convenience issue.

Council Member Klein said that he was torn because he heard conflicting
testimony as some people said there was a problem.

James Keene, City Manager, agreed with Mr. Williams that they did not have
any existing quantifiable standard that said if it was the distance, density, or
experience that defined it was a problem. People had different reactions.
Staff had performed counts and there were locations that were more
impacted than others and it was not just a perception issue based on
imagined changes. There certainly appeared to be more parking and more
impact in the neighborhood. Two blocks was a real problem if someone
needed to unload groceries. He said that the way the process unfolded was
that a group of neighbors came together and said they had a real problem
that they wanted to bring to the City’s attention. The City responded to a
particular complaint and had a different perspective from the business
community so the Staff put those groups together. As difficult as that was
he did not know how they would have expanded it to a much larger
conversation which possibly involved people that had not expressed any
concerns. He thought it made sense for the Staff to try to keep meeting and
resolve the issue. Given the testimony that evening this was not just a
                                                                          Page 25 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
