    located there. He asked if it would be better to create incentives for a hotel,
    because that created revenue. He thought there were disparate goals.

    Mr. Williams thought there were three choices. One was to try not to do
    this, in which case hopefully it would become an incubator space. One was
    to follow Staff's suggestion to provide direction and incentives for
    conversion to retail use. The third was to engage economic or marketing
    consultants to compile a real program for this area and formulate specific
    strategies to work with businesses and organizations to stimulate activity.
    He suggested the City could actively work with others to do something like
    that, even though it didn't have a redevelopment agency. He stated it
    would cost more and success was unknown; but it was an option if the
    Council wanted to go that way. He agreed the lively streetscape was
    amorphous at the current time. He thought the concept was to obtain a
    retail frontage, not like the Charleston Road streetscape but rather retail
    shops along the side streets.

    Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if Staff was considering ground floor retail with
    offices above. He stated individual shops would not be enough economic
    incentive to change those buildings.

    Mr. Williams suggested larger format retail and perhaps having office behind
    that helped provide economic incentive.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked if that would allow transfer of the FAR to have a
    hotel, office and retail together.

    Mr. Williams stated that was in the mix.

    Council Member Price asked the City Manager to comment on the success of
    Fourth Street in Berkeley, to describe the kinds of incentives offered and
    infusion of economic support, and indicate if it was under his leadership.

    City Manager James Keene reported Fourth Street was a private property
    owner's vision and effort. He noted Denny Abrams personally assembled
    over 20+ years all of the properties along Fourth Street, and was able to
    unify the street and exert his vision and control in building the area around
    certain themes. He indicated the City played a supportive role.

    Council Member Schmid wanted to stress that in south Palo Alto the survey
    said clearly retail growth was too slow. He indicated the strip along
    Charleston was the one place identified for a neighborhood serving regional
    retail. He thought that made sense in that it was a deeply underserved
    area. He commented the discussion had concerned consolidating parcels.
    He stated that had been done all around Palo Alto: East Palo Alto’s
                                    19                   February 13, 2012 
 
