                                 MINUTES
projects. Placing a "D" overlay on this project would not be inconsistent with
prior projects.    A "D" overlay was appropriate given connectivity and
sensitivity to R-1 Zones. She suggested a friendly amendment to add a "D"
overlay to the Motion.

Council Member Price would not accept the friendly amendment.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Burt to add a “D” (site and design) overlay to the Main
Motion.

Council Member Holman indicated the Council did not know what the final
project would be, given site constraints. The project might not have more
than four residential units. It would be prudent to place a "D" overlay on the
zoning.

Council Member Burt believed an overlay was appropriate in the
circumstances. The Council did not know whether a project would proceed
with a given applicant, and had to adopt the underlying zoning. The overlay
was an insurance policy that would apply to any project for the site.

Council Member Shepherd asked Staff to explain a "D" overlay.

Mr. Williams reported the Zoning Code provided a site and design overlay.
It could be applied to any section plan or any zoning category, and required
Site and Design Review. Rather than solely an architectural review process,
the Architectural Review Board, PTC and Council would review the site plan
for that project. Basically, the Baylands, many public sites, and all land
zoned for open space had a "D" overlay.

Council Member Shepherd asked why Staff did not incorporate a "D" overlay
into the recommendation.

Mr. Williams explained Staff did not generally apply that on a parcel-by-
parcel basis. Staff felt the special criteria that applied to parcels adjacent to
residential zoning would cover the issue. Also, Staff believed the intent was
a mixed-use project that would require Site and Design Review in any event.

Council Member Shepherd expressed concern that placing a "D" overlay
would set a precedent for Council action.

Mr. Williams stated the City did not have many zoning changes without a
Planned Community (PC) Zone. The PC Zone required a full review and

                                                                          Page 14 of 34
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/10/12
