Mr. Marshall estimated the current cost of undergrounding for the landowner
was between $3,000 and $5,000.

Council Member Klein indicated these were the reasons for lack of
widespread undergrounding.

Public Hearing opened at 8:48 P.M.

Paula Rantz (Appellant) stated she was an AT&T customer, and she wanted
better coverage. She felt the Community wanted better coverage. She filed
her appeal because she thought the City had some right to self-
determination, to consider alternative technologies; however, in reviewing
the packet she found she did not have many rights. She said the State had
taken away the Community's power to determine the character of the
Community. She referenced the limitations listed in state and federal laws.
She filed her appeal asking the City Council to deny the application until it
developed a Master Plan. She hoped Citizens united to create a Master Plan
and to discuss alternate technologies.

Stacey Bishop (Appellant) admitted she made a mistake in her original
appeal by mentioning the long-term health effects of an antenna less than
20 feet from her family's home. She stated AT&T attempted to dismiss the
substance of her arguments by focusing solely on health concerns and
ignoring her core arguments against placing the antenna. She repeated the
reasons stated in her appeal. She advocated relocating the antenna to 1920
Park Boulevard.

Richard Maltzman (Appellant) stated the consultant's noise report was a joke
in that the consultant only reviewed AT&T's noise report and did not perform
an independent test. He suggested AT&T request citizens volunteer their
property for location of the poles.

Jan Sumida-Riker (Appellant) indicated her block did not have a coverage
problem and was not in a dead zone. She agreed with other appellants that
AT&T should place antennas where they were needed and wanted. She felt
the pole selection was based on aesthetics rather than safety. She listed
reasons for rejecting the pole on her block. She asked the City to consider
placing antennas on City-owned property.

Tench Coxe, Cooley LLP, felt creation of a Master Plan would increase
efficiency in the process. He thought the battery backup would be more
intrusive and wanted a better understanding of the battery used. He noted
AT&T did not support voice calls over WiFi.      He listed some fallacies

                                  16                   January 23, 2012
 
