                                MINUTES
because of window shopping. He thought they could lose more business
during the trial because it would be unattractive, would block off the street,
and it would not be fun to walk through which could cause people to avoid
the area. He thought that some of the things Council Member Burt said
were correct and well-articulated. What the City really needed to focus on
was construction and minimizing the effect on the businesses with the
construction process. He thought Staff was committed to work with the
merchants on the details on the project and he asked them to engage Staff
on those details. He said that Palo Alto wanted to keep Mollie Stone’s. If
there were particular things in the process that would help Mollie Stone’s the
City would love to hear concrete thoughts. He did not think the reduction to
two lanes would hurt access at all, rather it would create a much better
environment overall on the street. He felt very good about the project and
thought it would be a wonderful addition to the area that would revitalize
and create more business which would help everyone. He was excited about
the project and wished there was not so much fear among the merchant
community. He hoped they would all be happy when the project was
completed.

Council Member Holman said that if you looked at slide 11 and the concern
was really about traffic delays, access, and people being able to get to the
merchants, it seemed to her that one way a trial could be done that was less
disruptive would be to keep the center line and paint the 15 foot lanes on
either side of it. Then again with paint they could put a three foot band on
either side. She said that was one lane in each direction and they could
leave the diagonal parking where it was. She asked what was wrong with
that as a trial and noted that the beautification was not the concern.

Mr. Rodriquez said that if she looked at the left half of the drawing to satisfy
the City standards they needed to provide the equivalent of an 18 foot
parking dimension for an angled parking space.

Council Member Holman heard that earlier. She said to leave the angled
parking the way it was during the trial and asked what was wrong with that.
All they were concerned about was the two lanes. She understood it did not
satisfy the standards, but they were going to change it so they could make it
conform when they did the bigger plan.

Mr. Keene said that one speaker mentioned that from that perspective that
was the way things currently operated. He asked what that trial would tell
them.

Council Member Holman said she was getting there, but she wanted to know
what the problem was with leaving the parking as it was for the trial.
                                                                          Page 64 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
