                                MINUTES
two or three buildings, which would be something that they would look at if
it came in fresh under PTOD zoning.

Council Member Shepherd said that was her concern that the Council was
going to make decisions on design features. She asked if that was what
would happen.

Mr. Williams said ultimately yes, it was.

Council Member Shepherd asked if it would happen without the ARB looking
at the project.

Mr. Williams said yes, that was generally true, but they would have to see
how substantive the changes were. If Council was comfortable with the
project not returning to the ARB, then that was what would happen. From
what he understood of the Motion it was something that hopefully Council
could act on. He said that if there were details for ARB to look at for a minor
review that could happen.

Council Member Shepherd said those were her serious concerns about the
Motion. The fact that Council was getting involved in the process of
commissions to make the decisions coming forward. She found herself in a
spot she did not want to be. The Applicant wanted an up or down vote, and
the Council was not giving them that, but was giving them a continuation.
She said that if it moved the project forward she would vote for the Motion
in the form it was presented.

Council Member Schmid said he supported the Motion as long as it contained
the words “substantive changes.” He thought it was disappointing that
between the Council meeting of October 03, 2011 to date there was very
little change. He heard his Colleagues say that the issue of breaking up was
extremely important. He suggested if the Applicant wanted ideas of what
the substantive changes might be there was something called Leadership in
Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) neighborhood development where
they had looked at examples in a number of California cities of getting a
pedestrian open large scale development. The issues there were given
relative weights and points for concrete things such as multiple accesses to a
block like building, offering small public spaces, inducing people into
landscaped areas, not just a wider access point to a residential parking
facility, but an invitation to be a part of a neighborhood. He said if the
Applicant could do that design he would assume it would make changes in
square feet, but if they presented ideas to break up the block and invite
pedestrians in he would support the project when it returned.


                                                                         Page 41 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/4/12
