Ms. Stump indicated the Staff recommendation options were general in
nature, and intended to provide Council Members a framework for discussing
issues in an open session. Staff anticipated this Item would have multiple
steps, and would not be resolved in only one meeting. She recommended
the Council receive advice before taking action on the second step.

Council Member Holman hoped the Motion would have language regarding
consideration of an amortization schedule.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER TO request Staff present to Council recommendations on
potential amortization options to be reviewed in the context of the
information provided by the third-party consultant.

Ms. Stump indicated the Council could direct that to come back to Council.

Council Member Burt noted the Motion did not stipulate an open or closed
session. That would be at the discretion of the City Attorney.

Mr. Keene stated there was no confusion about having a closed session if
necessary.

Council Member Price stated the Motion suggested the results from the
consultant would be used to review potential amortization options. It did not
reference additional amortization studies that may be needed to review the
adequacy of the amortization studies.

Council Member Burt had not heard from the City Attorney or Staff that
additional work was necessary to evaluate the adequacy of the amortization
study.

Ms. Stump said the first step could raise new issues, and Staff would need to
incorporate that into their response, but Staff did not foresee anything
specific.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether Staff had considered other
communities' means of addressing hazardous material facilities being located
adjacent to residential areas. She also asked if a setback of 300 feet was
standard practice.

Mr. Williams reported most communities zoned for compatibility issues, but
did not know if other communities considered the types and quantities of
hazardous materials. That would be part of the consultant's function to
some extent, but Staff could do that work as well.

Council Member Shepherd suggested best practices could be in existence.

                                     27                          04/23/2012
