    advantageous to have an underwriter move swiftly. He reported residents
    had expressed interest in buying the City Bonds, and the only way to sell
    Bonds to the residents was by using a underwriter willing to make the Bond
    sale available to residents.         Assuming the Council approved the
    recommendation, he stated Staff was pursuing three avenues to inform the
    public: a press release, an ad in three local newspapers, and a web site.
    He remarked the web site would allow residents to learn about the sale and
    provide instructions on buying bonds. He reported Staff met with Standard
    and Poor's and, as in the original issue, they gave the City a credit rating of
    BBB, one notch above investment grade (BBB-). He reported Staff was
    happy with this because assessment districts or land-secured financing did
    not normally receive ratings; however, Staff was hoping the evolution of the
    District would prove it was a vibrant downtown area with a lot of
    development. He explained Standard and Poor's had standard metrics for
    the rating, and concerns were a small district of only 213 parcels and the
    assessed value to lien for certain key properties was low. He explained the
    assessed value to lien ratio was low because of continuity in ownership as
    properties had not been sold to realize the full market value. Although Staff
    noted any kind of delinquency was rare, it didn't change the concerns. He
    stated the rating was for the District and not the City. Staff recommended
    the Council approve the resolutions listed in the Staff Report in order to
    move forward at a propitious moment in time to refinance the debt. He
    asked for questions, and noted that Bond Counsel from Jones Hall, Financial
    Advisor for Public Financial Management, and the Underwriter were all
    present for questions as well.

    MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
    Scharff to accept Staff recommendation to approve the Resolutions
    authorizing Staff to refinance and reassess $33,695,000 in outstanding
    2001 and 2002 University Avenue Off-Street Parking Assessment District
    (Improvement) Bonds. The following approvals are necessary conditions for
    the proposed refinancing pursuant to the Refunding Act of 1984 for 1915
    Improvement Act Bonds (the “Refunding Law”):

    A. Resolution 9227 Declaring its Intention to Levy Reassessments and to
    Issue Refunding Bonds.

    B. Resolution 9228 Adopting Reassessment Report, Confirming and
    Ordering the Reassessment by Summary Proceedings and Authorizing and
    Directing Related Actions.

    C. Resolution 9229 Authorizing the Issuance of Refunding Bonds and
    Approval and Authorizing Related Documents and Actions.



                                    36                   February 13, 2012 
 
