                                MINUTES
Council Member Espinosa requested Staff comment on the funds needed to
expedite the traffic and parking studies.

Mr. Emslie estimated a cost of $85,000, with possible additional costs for the
short-timeframe.

Council Member Espinosa appreciated the decreased square footage of the
project. The fly space for the theatre was needed and appropriate. He
asked Staff to explain their reasons for recommending the building heights
as appropriate for the site.

Mr. Emslie reported the project proponent wished to create a unique image
that could be achieved through extra height.

Mr. Keene stated Staff attempted to develop a plan for the site while
incorporating the potential for a specific proposal. Mr. Arrillaga proposed the
buildings as a potential gift to Stanford University to provide an ongoing
revenue stream. The issue of height could not be separated from other
design questions. The first proposal had a great deal of mass that looked
out of place for the location. Working within the parameters of the overall
square footage, consultants attempted to design buildings that would fit into
a grid pattern and provide more open space and connectivity. Those
attempts resulted in increased building heights. Because building heights
had since been lowered, the amount of square footage had decreased. As
discussions continued, there could be different configurations of mass,
square footage, height, and architectural features.

Council Member Espinosa indicated the site could connect Downtown and
Stanford Shopping Center; however, the issues of overall design did not
reach that goal. He inquired about Staff's vision to create an A&I District.

Mr. Keene explained a straight office project was not viable at the site for
many reasons. While there would be more traffic, the project had the
potential to create parking for the wider Downtown area. An A&I District
recognized the City's need for arts and culture and warranted a community
discussion. The question of innovation was conceptual at the present stage.
The connection between town and gown in this particular location could
facilitate and support the ongoing innovation brand of the City. Staff had
not focused on specifying particular square footages or types of uses. If the
vision of an A&I District was viable, then the conversation would unfold as
the review of the project continued.

Council Member Espinosa noted concerns about transparency and the
process, and inquired about the reasons for Staff's approach to the project.
                                                                         Page 11 of 32
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 12/3/12
