there was a drainage system which allowed rain water to be released. An
attendant had to be present to observe the draining of the containment and
the restoration of it at the conclusion. That was standard industry practice
for exterior storage area. In the case of the release, he understood water
with relatively small concentrations of metals had accumulated in the
containment system, and was inadvertently released.

Council Member Holman asked if the same scenario could happen again, now
that CPI no longer stored materials outside.

Mr. Simpkinson stated CPI performed a comprehensive analysis of the
sequence of events that lead to the release and any mistakes that needed to
be corrected or improvements that needed to be made to its processes.

Council Member Holman asked CPI to address her previous question about
the release.

Mr. Fickett reported the release happened because the accumulation and run
over occurred during a weekend. During weekends, CPI now did not allow
any chemical flow.

Council Member Holman asked why containment areas did not have vapor
locks while clean rooms did. That would seem to be a practical and
comprehensive method to ensure safety.

Mr. Fickett stated air locks were used to keep positive pressure on the room.
The plate shop was cleaned by the scrubbers. Each had different purposes.

Council Member Holman suggested a vapor lock would provide extra
containment to decrease the likelihood of a release escaping.

Mr. Fickett indicated the design would prevent releases from reaching a
doorway.

Council Member Holman noted an incident in 2006.

Mr. Fickett stated that incident did not occur in the plate shop. That incident
occurred during the move from San Carlos, when rear garage doors were
open. Under normal circumstances with those doors closed, the release
would not have reached the neighborhood.

Council Member Holman stated if the rear doors were open, but only one set
of doors at a time, it would seem to provide an extra barrier.




                                      16                          04/23/2012
