of completion based on the percentage of budgeted funds spent. He noted
the Council had authorized a 20 percent construction contingency, and 6.7
percent had been spent. Staff believed that was the main reason the
Council had asked for these reports, and was present to explain the status
of expenditures from the contingency. He stated the change orders were
summarized in the Staff Report. He said there were three new change
orders, all of which had line items but none met the $85,000 requirement
to be approved by the Council. Staff had approved the three change
orders since the last time this Item was before the Council. He noted the
Council had asked for information concerning expenditures for special
consultants in dealing with the unusual number of change orders. Staff
had hired three consultants: a structural engineer, a law firm and a
scheduling engineer. He stated the amounts of those contracts and the
amount expended were in the Report. He indicated two-thirds of the
structural engineering amount, less than half of the legal firm amount, and
all of the scheduling engineering amount had been spent. He reported
more funds would be added to the scheduling budget. He explained the
scheduling engineer was helping with scheduling as well as review of
change orders. He indicated the Council wanted to know how many
requests for change orders the contractor had submitted, and wanted to
see that in relation to the change orders approved. He said the best way
to see that was the small graph titled Mitchell Park Library Approved
Change Orders and Outstanding Potential Change Orders. He reported
only 6.7 percent had been utilized with a run rate of 10 percent at 67
percent completion of the Project. He explained potential change orders
meant the contractor hadn't submitted a formal change report or request,
but preliminary information had been indicated. He stated they were at $6
million in potential change orders. He indicated new information was
change order requests, and Staff did not have historical information. He
reported the one data point at 67 percent indicated the contractor had
submitted not only potential change orders but also formal change order
requests. He stated that amount was approximately $4 million. He said
this was another way to gauge what the construction contractor was
submitting. He noted the 20 percent contingency amount was above the
current change orders and below the requests for change orders. The next
chart demonstrated the current contract and the contingency amount,
which remained below the engineer estimate. He explained the next chart
showed all of the library projects and how they related to the $76 million
bond measure. He stated the current projection for all libraries and the
contingency amount was well below the $76 million bond measure.

City Manager, James Keene noted the last monthly report was before the
new year. He stated Staff had been slower in getting this report to the
Council, because the consultants wanted a Closed Session with the Council
but Staff was not ready to do that. Staff felt it was important to submit a
report to the Council prior to meeting with consultants. He thought the

                                     34                         02/21/2012
