                               MINUTES
Council Member Price stated within the project proposal and in the Staff
report there was a case made that the cost of producing R&D is certainly
less than housing. She asked if the project proponents could make some
comments about the mix of R&D and housing.

Mr. Jans said the mix in terms of square footage was dictated by the amount
of R&D space that was in the buildings that preexisted on the site, which had
since been torn down. He was not sure how they arrived at 84 units of
housing.

Mr. Campbell, Project Architect with Hoover Associates. He said that the
square footage for the R&D was a result of several factors. First, the
buildings that were there before were around 50,000 square feet and they
used that number for the R&D. Additionally, using the setbacks and some of
the design considerations resulted in a single story R&D space of around
50,000 square feet. If they wanted to increase that it would have ended up
being a multistory R&D space, which they did not want.

Council Member Burt said that the Applicant made a claim that they could
get the additional .25 FAR of R&D based upon one of the concessions that
they were entitled to. He asked if Mr. Williams and the City Attorney agreed
with that.

Mr. Williams said that he understood what the Applicant said. It appeared to
be the case, but they would have had to argue that through a discretionary
rezoning process, which was legislative. Under that process the Council had
more discretion to say no to the zoning itself.

Council Member Burt clarified that there were references to concerns that he
had raised at the prior hearing related to aesthetics. Those were not about
style and appearance, they were about mass and scale and street face
interface. Those were not subjective things; they were related to the
physical construction of the building and its impacts. He wanted to make
that distinction.

Council Member Espinosa said the last time the project was before the
Council several members discussed the pedestrian scale of the building and
how the design impacted the feel of the street. He asked Staff to explain
what would happen if the Council wanted to look at alternative approaches.

Ms. Stump thought that they had discussed the Applicant returning to work
with the Staff to explore changes in detail and then the Staff would bring the
item back to Council. At that point the Council could approve it or make the
determination to send it back to the ARB.
                                                                        Page 30 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
