                               MINUTES
Ben Cintz said he lived on Kipling Street with his family. Before that for
about 15 years he lived on Alma Street in the affected area. He owned
residential property in that area as well as some commercial property What
made Palo Alto and the downtown vibrant was that it was a changing area
with many uses for that area. There were many changes over the years. He
wasn’t sure a parking permit program in the absence of additional parking
was going to create a solution that could be addressed in six months. He
said that 66 percent of the people surveyed responded and of that 80
percent approved. For part of the time he lived on Alma he commuted to
San Francisco and took his bike to the train station, and then rode to San
Francisco and back. He saw people doing that in the reverse direction now
and was concerned that unless the City had solutions the pilot program was
not going to give them many answers.

Alan Petersen lived in on High Street where there were 12 cars parked on
the street at 9:00 a.m. on Sunday morning and 27 parked on the street at
9:00 a.m. Monday morning, which was basically total capacity. On his block
the lifetime of an empty parking space was best measured in seconds. He
said that he was sure many people were familiar with that problem. He
found it surprising that his block was specifically excluded from not only the
pilot program but the entire test region. It was perhaps because there were
several duplexes on the block and therefore they were second class citizens
in a single family discussion. Nevertheless, parking was clearly a persistent
and difficult problem. He was personally ambivalent about parking permits.
He enjoyed the vibrant downtown and realized he did not own the City
streets. However, he endured aggravation daily. What bothered him most
about the RPP program was expressed very well by previous speakers and
that was the lack of transparency, fairness, and measurable objectives in the
process. He urged the Council to defer the implementation of the RPP until
there was a better plan.

Justin Birnbaum said that it was striking to him that so many people were
present so late in the game expressing concerns about the RPP. It was
painfully apparent to him that the process was flawed. People were there to
speak to Council because they had not been part of the discussion. The
group surveyed was not representative of the broader spectrum of views in
Professorville. He was not surprised that the people surveyed lived in the
pilot area. He said that the folks who were the loudest about the problem,
placed cones in front of their homes, and did not use their garages for
parking got what they wanted in part because of some bad behavior. He
looked at the data with Mr. Rodriguez and at the very worst time of day
people only had to park a block and a half from their home. He did not feel
that was so bad.

                                                                        Page 17 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
