                               MINUTES
owners or employers should be required to pay for parking; and there
should be penalties for employees parking in neighborhoods. He suggested
the Council adopt Option Number 1 and require payment for any exceptions.

Sally-Ann Rudd supported extending the moratorium without exceptions.
The moratorium was introduced to stop developers from putting cars into
Downtown without building parking spaces. She suggested the Downtown
Cap Study have a metric for measuring saturation of residential
neighborhoods and propose a level at which a neighborhood was
unsatisfactorily saturated with cars.

Public Hearing closed at 9:35 P.M.

Mayor Yeh recommended splitting the two Items.

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to adopt the
extension of the Interim Urgency Ordinance establishing a moratorium on
the use of the Exempt Floor Area parking exemption set forth in Section
18.52.060(c) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code in connection with any permit,
entitlement or development project, pending further study of Downtown and
California Avenue parking issues, for a period of one year through December
28, 2013, and allowing for exceptions for certain projects by separate
Council Action.

Mayor Yeh stated this was an important step to ensure other actions such as
the Downtown Cap Study and parking analysis.          Like Mr. Borock, he
questioned the need for a Resolution versus an Ordinance.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt this should not have been operable for the prior ten
years. There were serious parking problems in Downtown and adjacent
neighborhoods.

Council Member Klein clarified it was not a Downtown moratorium; it was a
moratorium on the applicability of the exempt floor area parking exemption,
which had been rarely used. He inquired whether most other projects could
proceed in accordance with other sections of the Code.

Mr. Williams answered yes. A few developers had explored this exemption,
but Staff informed them they could not use the exemption. Transfer
development rights and in-lieu fees were other methods for projects to
proceed on providing parking.

Council Member Klein stated projects in the past did provide parking, and
this was not an overall Downtown moratorium.
                                                                      Page 25 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/10/12
