                               MINUTES
charging stations in Downtown was not an issue. Level 2 charging stations
were the wrong technology. Future technology would need Level 3 charging
stations.   If the City privatized charging stations, it should not build
additional Level 2 charging stations. California Avenue needed charging
stations; however, he did not want to privatize all stations to provide
stations on California Avenue.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to accept Staff recommendations to: 1) Complete parking study
and then come back to Council for determination of Trial Parking Attendant
Program in report to Council in 6 months, 2) Refer the Development of an
RFP for Downtown Cap Study to the Planning & Transportation Commission
to review the scope of work, 3) Refer the zoning evaluation and TDM
program to the Planning & Transportation Commission to review scope of
work, 4) RFP for Garage Access/Revenue Controls, focus on parking
monitoring below and report to Council in 6 months, 5) Technology: parking
monitoring, develop RFP through PTC, 6) Refer Electric Vehicle charging
stations to the Planning & Transportation Commission and they are to
provide a report to Council in 3 months, 7) Bicycle Parking Stations continue
to pursue opportunities, 8) Policy: on street accessible parking to PTC and
report to Council in 3 months, 9) Refer short term residential parking
strategies, to the Planning & Transportation Commission and then report to
Council, 10) Delete the recommendation regarding Professorville Permits-No
Driveway Home, and 11) California Avenue permit Management work with
Cal Ave Merchants, report to Council in 6 months.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the strategies were a good preliminary approach.
The P&TC could provide details for some strategies, and some strategies
should return to the Council for additional discussion.

Council Member Shepherd asked the Mayor to continue general comments
before discussion of the Motion.

Mayor Yeh reminded colleagues they could comment in the context of the
Motion.

Council Member Burt said he could not correlate Recommendations 8, 9, and
10 to the Residential Parking Policy approaches Staff suggested: 1) On-
Street “Disabled Accessible” Parking Spaces, 2) “Neighborhood Short-Term
and Commercial Loading Zones, and 3) On-Street Parking Spaces in the
Professorville Area.

Mr. Williams suggested Council Members work from the matrix.

                                                                       Page 32 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/13/12
