                               MINUTES
support. Four projects would be significantly influenced by outside sources:
1) the Public Safety Building, 2) Cubberley, 3) the Post Office, and 4) the
Bicycle Bridge. The Public Safety Building might not be included in the bond
measure if the cost can be reduced to $5-$10 million.           He was not
committed to a bond measure. He was concerned with projects that were
salable to the community, and wanted polling information. The Council did
not have sufficient information regarding revenue. He asked Staff for the
infrastructure total amount.

Mr. Perez answered approximately $11 million.

Council Member Klein indicated prioritizing projects should include a
combination of what is essential and what is salable to the public. Public
Safety, streets, and the Post Office would attract the most public support.
Cubberley would be difficult to explain to voters. He urged the Council to
consider revenue, timing, and themes.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Council had to determine which
projects voters would support in a bond measure. The Public Safety Building
could be funded through a public-private partnership or a bond. Animal
Services and parks interested the public; whereas, the Public Safety Building
and fire stations did not but were a fiduciary responsibility. She wanted to
see polling results on those four topics. The Cubberley issue had a process,
and the Council would have answers by 2014. It could be interesting to
determine whether the City should attempt to capture the larger boundary
area of PAUSD in order to form a larger tax base to recover funding for
Cubberley projects. She also wanted to poll the community on other
revenue options and the Bicycle-Pedestrian Plan. If the community was
willing to tax themselves for quality of life projects, then General Fund
dollars could be allocated to infrastructure projects. The measure should be
crafted for success before determining the projects to be included in the
bond measure.

Mr. Keene felt the discussion was successful.     It informed Staff's work in
relation to preliminary polling and a timeline.

Mayor Yeh acknowledged the infeasibility of bonding all infrastructure
projects. He appreciated the public-private partnership model and the
implications for other projects.      Cubberley was a good candidate for
consideration of a public-private partnership. He stated it was not a good
year for local government infrastructure bonds to become part of the
legislative program. He hoped the following year the Council could prioritize
that with State elected officials, because all local governments would be in
the same situation of funding infrastructure projects.
                                                                       Page 20 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/13/12
