                               MINUTES
look at the 12 years and what occurred through the process and consider
the remarkable unfairness to Mr. Hohbach. He urged the Council to approve
the project. The people who would live and work in the building could use
many forms of transportation. The project was approved six years ago and
the Appellant’s lawsuit should have been a brief delay as he lost on every
issue except for the MND with respect to the now 40 year old Hewlett
Packard (HP) variant plume. The City made a mistake in amending the
MND, which was the sole basis for the Appellant’s supposed victory. The
City compounded its mistake by not simply recirculating the MND but instead
requiring Mr. Hohbach to again resubmit an entirely new application. The
Council was presented with an opportunity to remedy the impact of those
decisions. The current application was submitted four years prior and
achieved the dual goals of meeting the City’s Comprehensive Plan and
satisfying the State’s housing mandates including 20 percent affordable
housing. The project was consistent with the City’s Plan, programs, policies,
and goals and provided significant public access.          It was a public
transportation centric project. It provided rental housing for those working
nearby. He said that they needed to create jobs and provide affordable
housing while removing vehicles from the street and the project
accomplished that. He felt the notion of due process had been abandoned
and that resulted in an unjustifiably lengthy and inexplicable process. In
considering the extent and duration of the vetting of the project, it was
painfully clear that the desires of the few were elevated over the benefit to
the many. He implored the Council to install fairness and public benefit back
into the process and approve the project.

Council Member Klein disclosed that he had spoken to the Applicant and Mr.
Jans, but did not learn anything that was not in the public record.

Council Member Espinosa disclosed that he spoke with Mr. Jans several
months prior and did not learn anything that was not disclosed in the
information Council received.

Council Member Price disclosed she met with Mr. Jans but did not receive
additional information other than what the Council had before it that
evening.

Council Member Schmid disclosed he spoke with the Applicant as well and
discussed materials that were publicly available.

Mayor Yeh disclosed that he also met with Mr. Jans and went through
materials that were in the public record and on the City’s website.


                                                                       Page 21 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/4/12
