                      DRAFT MINUTES
Terman Branch Library the Principal at Gunn proposed having a
joint City/School library at Gunn. He said requirements to clear
the campus after school had killed the project demonstrating that
sharing a City/school site was difficult. Some of the site plans
presented the City property in the middle of Cubberley between
the grammar school, the high school, and middle school. PAUSD
would have issues people moving from the City property to school
property. He said they would have to be very careful when they
negotiated joint use or any kind of sharing of the site that PAUSD
did not in any way interfere with public use, community groups,
or people going to the City facility. Council Member Burt was
correct that they should stop paying the fee not to develop. He
had advocated that for 20 years and said it was time that they
stopped paying that money as PAUSD was not redeveloping any
sites. One minor point was that on all of the options the building
that housed the Friends of the Palo Alto Libraries was not shown.
He asked where that organization would go and said that was
important to consider. Finally, the use of the playgrounds and
fields had to be established early on as part of the process.

Mayor Yeh recapping the Guiding Principles said that in Guiding
Principle Number1 he had not heard any significant changes, but
would like to ensure the meetings were recorded and minutes
completed for both the CAC and the CPAC committee meetings.
He did not have suggested language, but wanted that to be
considered.

Mr. Keene suggested that the minutes be sense or summary
minutes or they would slow things down and add to the cost
significantly.

City Clerk, Donna Grider said that sense minutes took quite a bit
of time to complete. She said that they staffed the executive
level meetings but not the community ones.

Mayor Yeh said the CPAC was a Brown Act meeting.


                                                                  Page 57 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
