                               MINUTES
Ms. Ratchye said that Table 3 on page five of the Attachment showed a chart
for 2015. It was currently eight percent, but the table included the two
power purchase agreements that had not yet become operational. When
they did then the landfill gas would comprise 12 percent of the total
portfolio. She said that the right hand column of the chart showed the total
carbon content of the entire portfolio. The landfill gas was a small amount
of the total. The bulk was the market purchases.

Mayor Yeh said he was looking for a percentage of what Palo Alto’s current
carbon neutrality number was compared to what it would be with the landfill.
They had referred to it in a renewable definition as opposed to a carbon
neutral definition.  He wanted to know what the delta was between
renewable and carbon neutral.

Ms. Ratchye said it was hard to say what percent carbon neutral the City
was because they could have coal, which had a carbon intensity of
approximately 2,000 pounds per megawatt hour. She said landfill gas was
small carbon intensity. It was hard to say what carbon neutral was.
Anything could be neutralized. The definition ensured that they counted it.
It also still counted as renewable, but the carbon emissions had to be
accounted for.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

Val Fong, Utilities Director said they would not make the December deadline
to return to Council because they would lose a few months to return to the
Finance Committee.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

None

The City Council convened into the closed session at 12:44 A.M.

16.    CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATORS

       City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his designees
       pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene,
       Pamela Antil, Dennis Burns, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Kathryn Shen,
       Sandra Blanch, Marcie Scott, Darrell Murray)
       Employee Organization: Palo Alto Police Manager’s Association
       (PAPMA)
       Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a)

                                                                         Page 46 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/16/12
