                               MINUTES

Dennis Burns, Public Safety Chief, recalled on January 21, 2012, the Council
directed Staff to present a public safety plan and potential sites for the
Public Safety Building. The intent was to design and develop a Public Safety
Building that capitalized on the efficiencies and synergies of having Police,
Fire Administration, 911 Dispatch, Office of Emergency Services (OES), and
Emergency Operations Command (EOC) in one location.              This would
maintain separation of Police and Fire operations, but would share
Information Technology (IT), budget, administrative services, records, and
support Staff. Additional areas for shared use were lobby, conference
rooms, and locker rooms. Communications among Public Safety agencies
would increase and be more effective. The Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission (IBRC) recommended a 49,000 square foot building. After
many discussions, Staff had reduced the project by 4,750 square feet.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, reported the IBRC recommended a Public
Safety Building of approximately 56,350 square feet. Recognizing there
were a number of opportunities to share space, Staff had reduced the size of
the building by approximately 20 percent while keeping functions in the
same building. The project cost estimate was approximately $47 million,
excluding land costs. The construction cost per square foot was in the range
of $500 per square foot. Staff considered removing traffic enforcement,
property and evidence storage, dispatch and EOC from the building. Staff
had not identified a site for the project.

Mr. Keene asked for an explanation for Staff not reducing the cost in Option
4 from Option 3.

Mr. Sartor explained Staff assumed constructing a regional facility would
cost approximately the same as the cost of including it in the building. Staff
did not project a cost savings for the City in regionalizing dispatch and EOC.

Mr. Keene stated Staff did not have any data to calculate a cost savings;
therefore, they did not attempt to project one.

Mr. Sartor stated there could be a cost savings if the City gained two or
three partners in a regional facility.

Michael Ross, Ross Drulis Cusenberry Architecture worked with the City on
this project over a period of years. The goal was to establish an appropriate
baseline for design and programming for the Public Safety Building in Palo
Alto. Architectural programming was basically a snapshot of the workload,
staffing, space, and functional requirements of a Public Safety Building at
any one moment. These snapshots needed the flexibility to be revisited in
                                                                         Page 2 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/13/12
