Mr. Keene stated Staff recognized the urgency of the issue, and would
review methods to respond expeditiously while complying with ordinances.
There could be a range of options, and Staff would present the quickest
path.

Council Member Holman was looking for an outside estimation of time.

Mr. Keene said the intent of the Council's Motion seemed to be driven to
ensure that Staff presented a budget proposal designed to meet the ends
inherent in the Council Motion.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff was confident in the current
amortization schedule.

Mr. Williams reported Staff was confident with the study in relation to this
particular project. If the Council wanted to consider a certain category of
hazardous materials being used, the study could be different. The study was
prepared for one specific business and one set of circumstances.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to require amortization for CPI consistent with the
amortization study which is 14 years longer.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burt asked if it was appropriate for the Council to include
action on the amortization period in open session.

Molly Stump, City Attorney understood the intent of the Amendment was to
gain technical assistance. The Council would be well served to receive the
budget proposal and performing that work before addressing anything
further.

Council Member Burt understood that CPI and the City had different
amortization studies, and Council action could have legal ramifications.
Consequently, the Council could choose to have discussion on an
amortization period in a closed session.

Ms. Stump agreed with that characterization. Based on material submitted
by CPI, they stated the amortization could be an issue subject to legal
contention. That would be a basis for the Council to discuss it in closed
session.

Council Member Holman asked why the amortization study was contained in
a Staff recommendation option.


                                    26                          04/23/2012
