                               MINUTES
Dan Garber, Fergus Garber Young Consultants reported the proposal was to
move transit functions to meet capacity requirements for the next 30 years,
to clean up the entire University Avenue area, to allow the linkages between
Downtown and Stanford, and to introduce theater and office uses. Planning
actually began in 1993 and continued with a feasibility study in 2000. These
prior efforts allowed the consultants to work rapidly in designing the
proposed Master Plan. Specific buildings were not part of the Master Plan,
however they would follow the Master Plan guidelines. Creating the Master
Plan first allowed them to evaluate the impacts of buildings. Redesigning
the transit area provided the opportunity to merge the identities of
Downtown and Stanford University through the use of landscaping and
architectural elements to create an entryway. The office buildings were an
important part of the project, because they were the impetus for the
applicant's interest. The issue was finding ways to preserve the ground plan
for the pedestrian experience and to express the values of Palo Alto. He
encouraged the developer to build office space vertically to preserve the
ground plane for pedestrians and below-grade parking.           The applicant
wanted to house slightly more than 260,000 square feet of office space.
That amount of space was reasonable in this area for a prominent,
headquarters-type tenant. The applicant agreed to place the theater on
solid ground to isolate vibration and noise from the theater. Ultimately, the
applicant was responsible for the design of all projects. TheatreWorks had
assisted in developing the concept of the theater. The challenge was
meeting the needs of the prospective tenant while designing a building that
the community would embrace and utilize. The theater differed from many
other theaters, because it would have: 1) a main stage, a large lobby, and a
black box theater; 2) a relationship with the theater plaza; and, 3) rehearsal
areas containing large meeting rooms. A large lobby was needed to support
the populations of the main stage and black box theater. The theater was a
backdrop to the plaza and directly connected to the plaza through the lobby.
In contrast to the office space, the theater was a sculptural object in the
park.

Mr. Emslie recommended the Council review and comment but not take any
action on the proposed Master Plan.        Staff recommended the Council
authorize Staff to execute the TheatreWorks Letter of Intent to establish a
formal relationship with TheatreWorks as a potential tenant for the theater
building. Finally, Staff sought Council direction to draft an Advisory Ballot
Measure for the March 2013 election to ask the voters to provide their
advice on: 1) whether or not to initiate a zoning change to create the arts
and innovation district; and 2) the exchange of the panhandle portion of El
Camino Park (portion fronting El Camino Real) for a more usable portion of
land adjacent to the theater and theater plaza. The deadline to submit
language for the ballot would be in December 2012, 88 days before the
                                                                         Page 9 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/24/12
