Council Member Klein asked if the Police Department had provided input
concerning its needs.

Mr. Sartor indicated Staff would provide the information at the retreat.

Council Member Klein inquired if the Police Department needed the same
amount of square footage as discussed several years ago.

Mr. Bacchetti stated the estimate was based on the square footage provided
in 2006 and augmented by 7,000-plus square feet for fire administration and
an Office of Emergency Services.

Council Member Klein asked if Chief Burns agreed with the architectural
program produced five or six years ago. He felt Chief Burns' input was
needed because Chief Burns was new and because of the size of the project.

Mr. Keene stated the Police Chief's perspective was different from a few
years ago, but felt the Council would want specifics from the Chief and the
correlation of numbers.

Council Member Price asked if Staff would respond directly to the
recommendations being made and how would Staff's responses be managed
and brought forward.

Mr. Keene thought this was the reason the Mayor had proposed a series of
meetings on the IBRC Report. He felt there would be a considerable range
on a number of recommendations as to reconciling the assumptions of the
IBRC Report with other policy considerations. He suggested there would be
an array of choices to match the Community's needs.

Council Member Price inquired if the assumptions in the Report were related
to traditional uses of resources and materials, or was there a range of costs.

Mayor Yeh agreed with the need for Chief Burns' input. He suggested data
from other districts that have consolidated would be helpful in considering
the impact of consolidation in terms of response time. He asked for
questions concerning the MSC.

Council Member Holman suggested a different split option that should be
reviewed. She asked if 16 acres was really needed for the MSC. She asked
if there was an opportunity for playing fields to be located on the parking
area adjacent to the ball fields and golf course as well as at the MSC. She
appreciated the IBRC's effort to find income-generating uses, but felt
automobile dealerships, especially with billboard signs, would have a visual
impact on the Baylands and would change the policy and character of the
City. She inquired if swapping land and building offices on Embarcadero
meant there would still be offices for some critical services on the east side
                                      16                          01/17/2012
