values and were leaders in them. He indicated above the SB375 level was
AB32, which was the GHG reductions, and SB 375 was largely intended to
address mobile transportation impacts on GHG. He said SB375 was an
implementation tool for AB32. He noted the City had a GHG reduction plan
which included mobile transportation and other forms. He stated the City
had discussed using AB32 as the framework for much of the sustainability
initiatives. He thought the City should lead with how it performed when
compared to the objectives, because the City continued to be a leader in
that arena. He reported the City had recently met its goals on electric
vehicle adoption by 2020 and beyond and, overlaying that with the City's
clean electricity portfolio, Palo Alto was approaching 90 percent and had
the potential to be 100 percent clean electricity. He commented that not
only was that a standalone, but also an incredible achievement in terms of
the goals of AB32. He remarked other cities couldn't say that because they
weren't doing that. He reported the State had set a lower goal for
renewable energy and the big utilities were not achieving it, while Palo Alto
set a higher goal and was exceeding it and on a shorter timeline. He
indicated Palo Alto also maintained a very strong program in affordable
housing. He felt Staff needed to point out that the comparison point was
other communities with very high land costs like Palo Alto. He explained it
was a great difficulty to achieve that with incredibly high land costs. He
stated Palo Alto had done this for decades and had been and continued to
be leaders in this program. He had read an analysis that reported Palo Alto
had a lower population density adjacent to Caltrain stations than other
cities, yet had a far higher Caltrain use than almost any city. He reported
Palo Alto had the second highest loading in the entire system next to San
Francisco, yet was hardly the second largest city on the corridor. He said
these were great achievements that addressed the fundamental objectives,
and could be used to challenge the premises.

Council Member Espinosa supported Staff's position. He stated the Council
had laid out a plan of how to push back and in what manner, and thought
it had done that. He agreed with Council Member Burt's comments about
which arguments to make. He asked if there were other ways the Council
was not being heard, and if there were other ways the Council should be
approaching this to make sure its points were realized.

Mr. Williams suggested contacting city councils and State Legislators to
determine who was on board and had influence with some of these groups.
He stated a second means was involving the community, and hoped the
School District's involvement would generate interest. He was not sure,
given how nebulous this subject was, how to generate interest at a
grassroots level. He thought there was some interest in Palo Alto, but
wasn't sure there was interest in other communities. Staff was willing to
try other ideas for getting the community involved. He didn't expect the


                                     28                           02/21/2012
