                               MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd asked if she could eliminate her home wireless
network and use the City-wide wireless service.

Jim Keene, City Manager reported the wireless network provided through an
Ethernet connection would be faster. Speed would be the main issue.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to ensure everyone was discussing the
same thing.

Mr. Tanczos indicated the infrastructure was technology agnostic and could
be used for any wireless purpose. Anyone could attach to the towers and
transmit through the small cell network. Typically commercial wireless
carriers connected to the towers.

Council Member Shepherd asked Mr. Tanczos to explain the fiber component
for supporting this structure.

Mr. Tanczos stated the macro and small cells needed fiber backhaul to the
end location. There was an opportunity to maximize the usage of in-place
fiber and perhaps augment it. That would have to be determined in more
specificity with whichever solution was chosen.

Mr. Keene explained the City, under this proposal, would connect these
towers to fiber to have the backhaul connection to the fiber ring. Staff had
always thought it could open some possibilities for further extension of fiber
around the City, which would then support a wireless network for Public
Safety or smart grid applications.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if this proposal would distribute wireless
service into neighborhoods as well as into business districts.

Mr. Keene responded yes. This was an opportunity to incrementally advance
the ability to enhance wireless services across the City.

Council Member Shepherd asked if approval of this proposal could cause the
retraction of the DAS system proposal.

Mr. Williams reported AT&T had indicated there may be some opportunities
for that. At this point, he did not believe AT&T would retract its proposal.

Council Member Shepherd asked if coverage improved when towers were
taller.



06/25/2012                                                              111-98
