                                MINUTES
Council Member Holman felt it was important for the public to understand
these costs.

Council Member Schmid understood the brownout at Station 2 and the shift
to a 24-hour emergency vehicle was part of a long-term emergency
response study and the Fire Department study. Both studies suggested this
could be a trade-off. The GIS capacity would monitor the utilization of
emergency medical services and response times. He inquired whether that
would also cover Fire emergency response.

Mr. Keene answered yes. The monitoring program had been improved in the
past year, and this provided additional capacity. Both Stations 2 and 5
provided the best opportunities for flexible staffing. Staff expected to make
this adjustment in more situations at Station 5 rather than Station 2. This
occurred only when the Fire Department was not fully staffed. The Budget
attempted to enhance the City's ability to make emergency medical
responses. If an engine was on an emergency response call, it was not
available to respond to a fire. This scenario was practically no different than
the flexible staffing model. Staff was committed to honoring the College
Terrace Neighborhood Association request for monitoring and reporting.

Council Member Shepherd inquired about how the City utilized utility rates to
cover costs.

Mr. Perez reported costs were distributed through the Public Works
Department or the Community Services Department. Those costs were then
allocated to the rest of the organization.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the City had any conservation measures
in place.

Daren Anderson, Open Space and Parks Division Manager, stated
Community Services was moving towards a number of water-saving efforts.
Specifically, the Golf Course Superintendent was reducing the amount of
managed turf and encouraging native plants to reduce water consumption.
There were similar efforts in urban parks to expand natural areas.

Council Member Shepherd asked Staff to explain why the City swept streets
and why it was appropriate to have a flat rate charge.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, said the three main purposes of street
sweeping were to reduce the pollutant load in the storm drain system; to
remove leaves to reduce potential on-street flooding and clogging of the

                                                                         Page 12 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/18/12
