                                MINUTES

Council Member Holman wished to ensure the Motion language was
consistent with the Motion provided in the Packet. She inquired if the maker
intended to strike all language after December 28, 2013.

Mayor Yeh replied no. That language provided flexibility for the Council to
discuss the second part of the recommendation.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the language "allowing for
exceptions for certain projects by separate Council Action" meant the Council
would allow exceptions.

Molly Stump, City Attorney explained that language and the Urgency
Ordinance extension allowed the Council to provide for exceptions
separately. It did not indicate that the Council would provide exceptions,
what the exceptions would be, how exceptions would be framed, or any
conditions. The first vote required 8 votes as it was an Urgency vote. The
separate action would require a straight majority vote, or 5 members.

Council Member Holman asked if the language "allowing for exceptions for
certain projects by separate Council Action" provided latitude for the Council
to do one or the other.

Ms. Stump responded yes.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Schmid indicated exceptions were allowed at the discretion
of the Council based on rational and equitable bases. The number of
exemptions would be approximately 100 spaces.        The Council had to
consider the cost of exemptions and passing the burden to others. The
rational steps were to determine the benefits of exemptions and who paid
for them.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to allow no exceptions.

Council Member Holman stated the Council's responsibility was to work in
the public's best interest. She appreciated the projects in the pipeline, but it
was not fair to impose impacts on others. The public's best interest would
be not to allow exceptions for the two pipeline projects.

Council Member Klein opposed the Motion. The Council's first obligation was
to the people, but it had a higher obligation to act ethically. This was not an
                                                                          Page 26 of 34
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/10/12
