                               MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd was concerned about some of the comments from
the public. Her concern focused on the comments relating to circumventing
the permit area and parking somewhere else. She saw both sides of the
argument. She asked how impacted Downtown North was because the pilot
would shift employees over there. They were already fully parked and
impacted so it was the other areas that were in question. She confirmed
that was what Staff was trying to look at.

Mr. Williams said yes.  He said Downtown North was already heavily
impacted.   Secondly he thought the distance from the trial area to
Downtown North was such that people would find spaces closer than
Downtown North to park.

Council Member Shepherd stated people who work in downtown have to
park one way or the other. If they had to walk further they would.

Mr. Williams said the trial area was just a small part of the area south of
downtown. There were other blocks and that was what the neighbors were
talking about that people would park in some place that did not have the
RPP restriction rather than going up to the Downtown North.

Council Member Shepherd said that was already impacted, so it looked like
the only thing Staff would be able to find out was if people went one more
block closer to Embarcadero Road. If they did that and the City released the
parking permits to the residents and 20 percent of businesses, she asked if
the trial area would still be parked up with the two hour parking in front of
people’s homes in addition to impacting the blocks further out.          She
questioned if the information was really useful. Dividing the neighborhood
concerned her.

Mr. Keene thought Staff acknowledged from the beginning preference for the
other model, but both groups preferred the current model so Staff went with
it. Staff understood that it was imperfect. At the same time, there was a
core group of citizens that said parking was a real problem that needed
alternatives.   Staff found very often in other areas that there was a
challenge getting behavior change. There was the challenge of behavior
change for businesses and their employees as to how they would have more
uptake on Transportation Demand Management (TDM) or how they would
maximize use of garages. Staff would have to deal with issues of if RPP
programs in a more expanded version if it was something that people
wanted. He said that Council Member Klein’s points were valid. If they did
not price the pilot properly then they might not collect the data they needed.
From the beginning Staff understood that it was going to displace parking
                                                                        Page 29 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
