                      DRAFT MINUTES
of members to the committee and that they City handled the
rest.

Council Member Klein noted that the City Manager had indicated
that Council had no say over who was appointed to the
committee.

Mayor Yeh agreed, but stated they would discuss the CAC later.

Council Member Klein said that Guiding Principle Number 10 was
an opportunity for evaluations of Cubberley that had never
previously been done.       He discussed the ability to ask the
community which uses would be most valued. He thought there
might be a time when they would not have space for everything
at the campus. He did not think that they had an obligation to
provide space for everything there and he recognized that was
difficult, but Guiding Principle Number 10 bothered him in the
sense that it seemed to indicate the existing tenants had some
right to be there. The City had never completed an evaluation of
the tenants. He said the financial matters were also important
and the Guiding Principles did not fully address them.          For
example, the CAC should be asked about the methodology going
forward regarding who was to pay what. The Staff report said
there were $10 million in repairs needed over the next four to
five years. He asked who should pay for those repairs and where
the money would come from. Those were tough questions, but
they needed to be acknowledged in the Guiding Principles. He
said he agreed almost entirely with Council Member Burt that
they needed to discuss what the City paid and what use was
made of the monies. He added that the City did not pay a portion
of the Utility Users Tax to PAUSD. That tax went into the General
Fund and became an unidentified portion of the General Fund.
He was aware that they had discussed it when it was passed 24
years prior, but it was not a direct payment from the Utility Users
Fund. He asked when the CAC intended to have its first meeting.



                                                                   Page 51 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
