                              MINUTES
rather than Caltrain, because it covered all issues discussed at the Rail
Committee meeting. Nine people had died in the corridor in 2012, 25 since
the prior year, and 185 since 1995. The blended solution was dangerous,
because of the State's advantages under eminent domain. Proposition 99
provided a single-family dwelling exception; however, a public-private
partnership negated the exception. He asked the Council to consider doing
something about Caltrain.

Mike Francois commented on a May 22, 2012 article regarding fluoride by
Alan Ball. The article indicated ingesting fluoride delivered health risks
without reducing tooth decay.

Wynn Grcich remarked that City Councils received funds through the
International Committee for Local and Environmental Initiative for
redevelopment in exchange for following the protocols of Agenda 21
Depopulation. Chemicals used in the hydraulic fracking process were found
in water supplies. Governor Brown wanted to ease regulations and allow
more fracking. The process poisoned water supplies. She urged everyone
to view videos on YouTube regarding these topics.

PaloAltoFreePress had not received a response to phone calls requesting
follow-up information about a public records request. After providing the
City Attorney with a courtesy copy of a Writ of Mandamus, the City Attorney
had responded to him. He suggested creating an alias email address for
public records requests to distribute the request to the Police Department,
Police Records, the City Attorney's office, and all department heads.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the minutes of March 12, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Holman registered a no vote on Agenda Item No. 7.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
approve Agenda Item Nos. 6-8.

6.   Approval of Contract with Graham Contractors, Inc. in the Amount of
     $847,510 for the Pavement Resealing Project, the 2nd of 6 Contracts
     in the 2012 Street Maintenance Program Project (CIP PE-86070)
                                                                      Page 3 of 25
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 6/11/12
