                               MINUTES
21.   Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution 9279 Confirming Weed
      Abatement Report and Ordering Cost of Abatement to be a Special
      Assessment on the Respective Properties Described Therein.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 7:59 P.M.

Mayor Yeh said zero persons appeared or filed written objections against the
Weed Abatement proceedings and that any Resolution passed by the City
Council on the matter reflected that finding. He said that there was a
representative from the County present to answer questions.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to adopt the resolution confirming the report and ordering abatement
costs to be a special assessment on the properties specified in the report.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

22.   Approval of Detailed Sidewalk and Plaza Design for California Avenue
      Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape Improvements Project.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, said he
was there to present the design for the California Avenue Streetscape
project and the associated plaza at Park Boulevard.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer, discussed the area between
California Avenue between El Camino Real and the Caltrain Station. Staff
was asked by the Council to look at new opportunities to provide sidewalk
widening areas as well as areas that could be used to provide additional
beautification for the corridor. Shortly after they started the project they
had RBF Gates develop five different concepts that they shared with the
community. Based on the community input received Staff showed Council a
sixth concept which they called the Community Preferred Hybrid Concept.
One of the things the Council asked Staff to do was take the best elements
of all the different options and add more of the widening areas thought the
corridor. At the same time they worked on the designs of the Park
Boulevard Plaza near the Caltrain Station. He said that currently there were
approximately 11 parking spaces on the street with four travel lanes and
angled parking on both sides of the street.         The angle parking was
substandard compared to the City standard specifications that they asked
developers to adhere to and that was one of the reasons why they could get
the four lanes in the corridor. He showed the areas where they added
sidewalk widening or streetscape treatments since the last time Council saw
the project. Underneath was a rendering of what the corridor would look
like with the sidewalk widening treatments that allowed for seating that
                                                                      Page 31 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 7/23/12
