                               MINUTES
such as nighttime construction. She said that they wanted to ensure that
that there was access to the businesses at all times. Delays happened, but
their goal was coordination and they planned to have contractors submit
detailed schedules. That was going to be placed in the specifications for the
contract so the contractor would have a representative and the merchants
would know when the construction would happen.

Mr. Rodriguez stated there were many ways to stage the project. He said
they could be extremely aggressive, do nighttime construction and complete
the project in six months with no impact to the businesses during the day.
If they wanted to stage it out during the nighttime only in certain areas to
balance resident concerns then they could look at completion in 8 to 12
months. He said that was not designed.

Council Member Burt said it was a street that was pretty quiet at night.
There were some businesses that still operated in the evening, but
compared to University Avenue it was quiet at night. There were many
design issues he had input on and asked if that evening was the meeting
where they should go into design details or if there would be other
opportunities not only for the public and the merchants, but for the Council
to comment.

Mr. Williams said the focus of the meeting was to see if the sidewalk
widening approach was correct and if there were any fundamental issues in
the plaza that Council thought Staff needed to spend more time on. In
terms of where bulb out or other things specifically occurred, there would be
subsequent meetings.

Council Member Burt said he thought the change on the counter flow bike
lane was in the right direction, but he was not sure if the bikes leaving the
tunnel were correct. He generally wanted to see room for restaurants to
have outdoor tables and bike racks and things in other areas.

Council Member Price said she was generally in support of the proposal. She
asked if it would accommodate a potential Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) stop at
the intersection of El Camino Real and California Avenue.

Mr. Rodriguez said that it would. He reminded the Council that the proposed
BRT stations by VTA were on the other side of the intersection on El Camino
Real. One was in front of the Radio Shack and the other in front of the Wells
Fargo Bank.

Council Member Price asked how the raised crosswalks would compare with
the textured intersection of Stanford Avenue and El Camino Real.
                                                                       Page 45 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
