designated in the recent Development Agreement between the City and
Stanford University for their Medical Center expansion. He explained there
were a number of public benefits identified in the Development Agreement,
some of which had broad discretion allotted to the City Council for use in the
community and some were specifically earmarked for special purposes. He
noted Staff's request for the allocation of money for the project at 27
University fell under the special purpose category. He stated there was
$2.25 million allocated in the Development Agreement for the City to
develop a better pedestrian and bike connection between Downtown and
University Avenue through the Palo Alto Transit Center, El Camino Park to El
Camino to the Stanford Shopping Center. He indicated this money was
divided into two parts: $2 million for the actual construction of the bike and
pedestrian improvements through this area, and $250,000 for design
expenses. He reported the City had become aware of interest to redevelop
this area by developer John Arrillaga, since the Development Agreement was
approved by the City Council in June 2011. He stated the area was roughly
bordered on the east by the Palo Alto Transit Center, on the south by
University Avenue, on the west by El Camino, and on the north by El Camino
Park. He noted the area contained the MacArthur Park Building which, under
the current program discussed by the developer, would be relocated to a site
at the City's choosing at the developer's expense. As this would open the
site for redevelopment, he said Staff was asking the Council for approval to
allocate the Stanford money designated for design expenses to public areas,
plazas and connections that would be incorporated into the development.
He explained this was an opportunity for the City to coordinate with potential
redevelopment as its plans under the Development Agreement were
currently tentative and fluid. He thought this was a fortunate situation in
that the redevelopment proposal was made prior to the City developing
plans for the connections. He noted the proposal was tentative and still
taking shape. He stated the basic program was the relocation of the historic
MacArthur Park Building, which had been relocated once before from the City
of Menlo Park, to a site of the City's selection with the expense to be
incurred by the developer. He reported there would be an office component,
one or two office buildings, and ground-floor retail, with combined square
footage totaling as much as 250,000 square feet. He indicated there was an
opportunity to develop a theater on the site as TheatreWorks had expressed
interest in occupying a building that the developer was proposing to build on
the public's behalf. He said parking would be below grade or subterranean.
He noted a study of the area for this purpose was performed in 2000 and
had been shared with the Council even though it was never finalized. He
thought this study could provide good background for the Council. He stated
Staff had indicated in the Staff Report that there could be some dedicated
parkland involved, and reminded the Council that diminution of dedicated
parkland required a vote of the people. He reported a vote on the project as
a whole would be necessary as it could result in major land use changes. He
said Staff did not have a specific timeframe for that, but were looking at

                                     18                            3/05/2011
