                          DRAFT MINUTES

Council Member Holman looked forward to the Public Works Organization
Review, and asked for the timing on that report.

Mr. Perez reported the Public Works Director presented a restructuring plan
to reduce the level of management, reduce positions, and consolidate
operations for the General Fund and the Refuse Fund. He felt the Public
Works Director had done a good job of restructuring the Department.

Council Member Holman wanted some flexibility on a one-time basis for
Animal Services when discussing that at P&SC, because the issues had
occurred suddenly.

Council Member Price recalled prior discussions regarding the $210 million
recommendation by the IBRC, and asked whether that was a base number
for discussion purposes.

Mr. Perez reported Staff wanted to be consistent with the numbers until the
Council provided directions. There had been discussions regarding the
correct amounts and titles.

Council Member Price stated the LRFF was a guideline for current and future
decisions. The Council's immediate concern was the FY 2013 Budget, and
then future implications through 2022.

Mr. Perez indicated this discussion provided a base for decisions and impacts
of decisions.

Council Member Price felt technology could provide solutions for increased
efficiency, but came with significant costs. The Council and the public had to
manage their expectations with regard to the types of services offered and
the quality of services. If a population increased and services remained
static, delivery of services had to be reexamined.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt it was important for the Council to take the
assumptions seriously, and change them if the Council disagreed with them.
Medical and pension costs were rising at a unsustainable rate and crowding
out everything else. The Council needed to decrease pension and medical
costs, but it was hampered by State law, legacy issues, and the inability to
change preexisting costs. The trend appeared to be fewer employees and
services to benefit older employees. That should not be the plan. The
Council should attempt to keep the same level of service. Salary increases
should not be included in the LRFF, because concessions were not included.

                                                                         Page 17 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
