were underway.       The Council would engage in community and Staff
discussions in the years ahead about restructuring services, costs,
outsourcing, and determining who paid. Because of the scale and different
strategies that must be employed and the different constituencies that must
be engaged, the Council's plan for responding to the IBRC's
recommendations must unfold gradually and thoughtfully. The Council must
also grow new revenues, which mostly would require voter approval and
thus, planning, outreach, education, effective communication, right sizing,
and right timing. The Council Priorities appendix listed some examples of
strategic decisions. The Council was focused on the future and invested in
the long-term best interests of the community and its citizens. The Council
worked hard, was engaged with its citizens, expected the same of City Staff,
and had been willing to make difficult choices. These three factors gave Palo
Alto a great advantage. The Council would again move through this budget
year thoughtfully, respectfully, and effectively with the right balance of
decisions, for the benefit of Palo Alto residents and with an eye on the
future.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer, said on page 11 of the Operating Budget
was a discussion of the document layout. The second document was the
Capital Budget, which provided any capital work planned for the next five
years. Some of the changes to the Budget document were made at the
request of the Council. Staff had included a breakdown of the benefit cost
allocation by department. On page 125 was the allocation of benefits, the
retiree health excess management benefits, and disability.         Staff was
attempting to provide additional information. A breakdown of positions and
changes over time was conveniently located on the previous page. Staff had
highlighted a summary of the major changes in each department. Staff
would begin the discussion with the Finance Committee on May 8, 2012, and
accept feedback on the format and substance. Discussions would begin at
the Finance Committee on May 8, 2012, with an overview, Council Appointed
Officers, the Library, and Community Services Department; May 10,
Planning, Information Technology, Human Resources, Administrative
Services Department, and related internal services; May 15, Police and Fire
budgets; May 17, Utilities and General Fund Capital Improvement Programs
(CIP); May 22, Public Works General Fund and Enterprise Funds; and, May
29, Wrap-up. Staff had included a back-up night on May 24 to have
additional discussion on the Budget if needed. After hearings with the
Finance Committee concluded, the Budget would return to the City Council
on Monday, June 11, 2012 for opening discussions, with adoption scheduled
for June 18, 2012. That calendar was provided on page 10 in the Budget
document.

Mr. Keene reported a gap of approximately $1 million, because Staff had not
included his recommendation to draw the technology CIP and the loan to the


                                     8                            4/30/2011
