                               MINUTES
the assessment equivalent and to have the two properties share the cost of
the Downtown Cap Study. Staff estimated the cost to the projects at
$150,000, and would apportion the $150,000 amount between the two
projects in the same ratio as their parking space exemptions. A fourth
option was to allow the exemptions, but to require some measure of in-lieu
parking funds. Option 4 was midway between Options 1 and 3. The fifth
option was to allow an exception for 135 Hamilton Avenue, given its length
of time in the process, but no exception for 636 Waverley Street, given it
was not as invested in the process. The Resolution was written for Option 3.
Staff recommended any option include a requirement for an aggressive
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) plan to be incorporated. Staff
recommended Option 3, because the projects had proceeded in good faith
through the process; however, Staff recognized that was a policy decision
for the Council to determine.

Council Member Burt asked Staff to compare the TDM requirement of a 20
percent mode split, as stated in Attachment B Number 6, with TDM
requirements for other programs Downtown.

Mr. Williams indicated the requirement was the same as the requirement for
the Lytton Gateway project. Around the City, the mode split was between
15 percent and 30-35 percent.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the higher percentages were achieved
through firms having their own bus services.

Mr. Williams believed firms offering bus service tended to be at the highest
range. Firms could not achieve more than 20 percent without bus service.

Council Member Burt felt development had to have minimal impact on the
roadways and have mitigation of parking impacts, and asked if the Council
should consider increasing the mode split percentage for future projects.

Mr. Williams stated Staff considered 20 percent as a standard throughout
the City. He suggested the Council consider 25-30 percent as a goal,
because the project was adjacent to transit, or 20 percent for the first few
years and then 25-30 percent at five years.

Council Member Burt had not thought of a graduated program such as that.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted the projects together created a parking deficit of
approximately 98 spaces, and inquired about the overall parking deficit in
Downtown.

                                                                      Page 19 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/10/12
