                          DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Burt stated the population had increased while the number
of employees had decreased, but that had not been noted. The ratio of
employees to residents had decreased.

Mayor Yeh suggested the LRFF could keep the 3 percent and show the 1.5
percent if bands were used.

Mr. Perez reported Staff could show that as a scenario within the final draft.

Council Member Burt felt using scenarios was the appropriate method to
reflect the alternative.

Mayor Yeh indicated the actuary had provided an analysis for this number.
He was more comfortable with a band.

Council Member Burt noted the bulk of employee reductions had occurred in
the prior three years. He inquired whether approximately 40 employees
were shifted to Enterprise Funds.

Mr. Perez stated the majority were shifted to Information Technology (IT).

Council Member Burt recommended a notation to reflect that.

Mr. Keene reported 10 percent employee reductions over the past three
years.

Council Member Burt inquired if the City charged other cities for current
costs and long-term liability costs of providing services.

Mr. Perez indicated the City was loading the costs for pension and retiree
healthcare.

Council Member Burt asked whether the Citywide Healthcare Expenditure on
page 14 included current employees and retirees. He wanted to see the
medical and pension trend for retirees. The base model began in FY 2012,
so the Council could not see the trailing trend of salary and benefits. He
suggested educating the public regarding the CalPERS rules to facilitate the
public's understanding of constraints.      He felt new employees were
disadvantaged with regard to compensation, but not to pension and benefits.

Council Member Espinosa felt the Council was attempting to make policy
during the discussion rather than making model changes; however, Council
Member Burt's suggested changes moved away from that. The LRFF had
improved over the past few years. He had assumed that specific projects
                                                                          Page 20 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
