                                MINUTES
particular proposal was not Professorville; it included the 1000 block of
Emerson Street, and the other side of Addison which were not in
Professorville. He said that Ken Alsman was the main advocate of intensive
development. For example when 800 High Street was on the ballot Mr.
Alsman said it would provide enough parking to eliminate business and
customers from four or five blocks. Mr. Alsman had also supported 355
Alma. He said that Mr. Alsman thought he was going to get a permit for a
spot in front of his house. The Staff report did not say if the permit was for
individual spaces or for the whole neighborhood. He hoped they were for
the whole neighborhood. The program should not be done for the reasons
mentioned by quite a few speakers.

John Woodfill said he was a resident of Downtown North where they had a
parking issue as well. He was not as worried about the parking issue as he
was about the frantic drivers going around looking for spaces in the
neighborhood. He felt that the Professorville trial was treating a symptom,
not the overall problem. He agreed with those who proposed trying to
simultaneously control parking outside of downtown and manage the parking
structures that existed better. He understood that the Bryant Street garage
was often half full during the day, so if the garages were managed better
there would be more reason for people to park elsewhere and if they had a
RPP or meters in the outside neighborhoods then the parking might move
inward and reduce the traffic.

Martin Bernstein said he was the Chair of the Palo Alto Historic Resources
Board (HRB). He said that Ms. Gross mentioned a parking deficit in
downtown Palo Alto.       They had one in 1924 and that was why the
underground parking underneath University was built when the Cardinal
Hotel was constructed. Mr. Williams mentioned historic preservation and a
very successful program of transfer development rights. He suggested that
program remain intact and unchanged as it had been very successful. The
HRB had seen many applications that benefited from that program. In
addition to historic preservation itself as a benefit, two other direct benefits
of that program were the seismic retrofitting which aided public safety, and
contributing to the economic vitality of downtown Palo Alto. The most
specific example was the historic Ramona district where there had been
several successful projects and the economics of downtown Palo Alto and
Ramona Street in particular had been very important for the vitality of the
City.

Vice Mayor Scharff thanked the people who served on the committee. He
said it was important to note that it was a very contentious committee and
there was a lot of tension and difficulty at times between the two groups and
certain members of the groups. It was one of those processes where the
                                                                          Page 21 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
