                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams reported the annual Downtown monitoring report indicated a
deficit of 722 spaces. He did not know the specifics of that number, but felt
it was probably understated.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated these projects made the parking deficit worse by
10-15 percent.

Mr. Williams agreed.

Vice Mayor Scharff recalled Staff recommended the Council consider ground-
floor retail if the applicant was asked for its input on how ground-floor retail
would affect project plans. The projects were not Planned Communities
(PC). He asked if the request on the exemption was addressed in fairness
and equity.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated the Council was not negotiating for public benefits,
and asked why the Council would want to know the impact of ground-floor
retail.

Mr. Williams explained Staff's intent in that response was not to suggest that
the Council require ground-floor retail. It would be informative to know if
there were implications for the project relative to a retail use. It was a
courtesy to hear the implications for a project.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether the 135 Hamilton Avenue project had
been through ARB review.

Mr. Williams reported it had been to ARB twice. ARB had not recommended
the project at the current time.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether the project had been designed for
ground-floor retail.

Mr. Williams replied yes. One of the major issues with the project had been
the ground-floor.

Vice Mayor Scharff requested Staff suggest impacts of requiring ground-floor
retail other than the economic aspect of retail versus office use.

James Keene, City Manager asked if Vice Mayor Scharff meant impacts
related to parking specifically.

                                                                          Page 20 of 34
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/10/12
