                               MINUTES
medical was increasing at a faster rate than the active employee insurance
as older people tended to use more medical services. She read a Kaiser
paper which suggested a six percent healthcare inflation factor over the next
5 years. Healthcare was the area she saw the City having more flexibility on
in terms of the benefit package offered and money saved. Palo Alto had
decreased its Staff over the years. The General Fund staffing was reduced
by over 30 percent. The total including the Enterprise Fund and the General
Fund showed a Staff reduction of 10 percent from 2002 to 2012.

Mr. Keene said most of the reduction was due to cuts, but they had shifted
some General Fund employees to an internal service fund. He said the 30
percent shown on the chart was only for the General Fund.

Ms. Shen said the citywide reduction was 10 percent. They looked at
turnover in City Staff because of retirements. Currently 30 percent of the
Staff were age and service eligible to retire. That number increased to 50
percent in five years. The continuing retirement turnover presented an
opportunity to recruit new employees that needed to be highly skilled and
dedicated to the public good.        Recruitment, training, and employee
development were key for having and retaining good Staff. A taskforce for
training and employee development was created. They knew employee
development was very important and that employees looked forward to
having their skills developed. She showed research that illustrated why
employees stayed with an organization beyond having a market salary. The
City had a great market salary rate. The top three reasons employees
stayed with an organization were that they liked their work, the job
conditions were great, and they trusted management and leadership. Aside
from salary and benefits the top three reasons employees left were because
there was no opportunity to advance, they could not see that their work
made a difference, and they did not trust management and leadership. The
City’s key focus was to maintain and grow purpose and the integrity of the
workforce. It was important not to bifurcate employees and to provide a
satisfying and innovative work environment.        Staff requested Council
direction over the course of the next several meetings. They wanted to
explore the dynamic between the salary, benefits, and other employee
motivators. Staff wanted to educate the public and the employees about the
pension reform and alternatives to offer savings, retirement, healthcare,
employee wellness, paid time off, and flexible benefits. They wanted to
create or update a set of policies and plan for pension and health benefit
contingencies. They also wanted direction to explore strategies to retain,
attract, and engage employees.

Mr. Keene said that in 2008 there was a need for a dramatic reset and Palo
Alto made leading changes in the region. He noted that Labor made
                                                                        Page 8 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/15/12
