                                MINUTES

Vice Mayor Scharff wanted to treat people fairly, but questioned who would
be treated fairly. Someone would have to pay for removing cars from
neighborhoods. He preferred to continue the Item to obtain information
from the Chief Transportation Official Jaime Rodriguez.          Granting the
exceptions would increase the pressure in neighborhoods, and that
concerned him. If the Council granted the exceptions, it was compromising
the quality of life in Palo Alto. The Council should consider the effect of the
exemptions on the community.

Council Member Shepherd reported the Council was attempting to resolve
the parking issues in Downtown neighborhoods. Continuing to improve
Downtown was important. She associated her comments with those of
Council Members Klein and Espinosa. The in-lieu fees of approximately $4.5
million would be placed in the parking in-lieu fees fund, which totaled
approximately $3 million. She asked the cost to construct a new garage.

Mr. Williams believed a new garage would cost probably $7-$10 million.

Council Member Shepherd indicated the fund had almost half the amount
needed.

Mr. Williams agreed.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the Council could reconfigure
the Downtown Parking District or create a new one.

Mr. Williams reported the Parking District was a legal structure created with
the Assessment District. Establishing a new structure of the District was not
possible. The Council could modify color zones and parking requirements.
The parking garage study would consider potential public-private
partnerships. There were options that could possibly fill in some gaps.

Council Member Shepherd would not support the current Motion. She would
support exceptions for the two pipeline projects which would provide in-lieu
fees as well as pay for the Downtown Cap Study. Granting exceptions would
allow the Council to utilize an aggressive TDM program.

Mayor Yeh appreciated the sensitivity of balancing interests. The Council
had to utilize existing parking resources more efficiently.     He inquired
whether the Council could condition the Use and Occupancy Permits for
these projects on certain outcomes relating to the parking process. Perhaps
the developers could not be allowed to occupy the buildings until the Council
could demonstrate an offset of the 100 new vehicles that would impact
                                                                         Page 28 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/10/12
