Facilities discussion.   He reported the Council had many questions at
Tuesday's meeting; therefore, at the end of the session Staff would
distribute a list of those questions with initial responses and notations of
those questions that needed further discussion.              He indicated Staff
suggested the Council refer to the questions and responses pertaining to
catch-up and keep-up for in-depth discussion, rather than having Council
simply read the questions and responses. He stated that the Council would
need to familiarize themselves with the information and data of the IBRC
Report.    He felt it important to remember all the numbers and data
proceeded from assumptions. He explained it wasn't a matter of is this the
right number; numbers needed to be connected to the underlying
assumption. For example, he cited the IBRC recommendations regarding
PCI, pavement index, were to achieve no less than a 60 PCI rating over the
next ten years. He explained if Council wanted an 80 index rather than a 60
index and in a different timeframe, then that could generate different costs
and numbers. He thought it was important to connect the data back to the
assumptions. He reminded everyone there was an aspect of immersion,
better understanding and inquiry by the Council, yet the Council had other
responsibilities such as converting IBRC recommendations into decisions and
actions that required implementation. He reported the Infrastructure needs
of the City could not be satisfied by the status quo funding situation. He
stated decisions would have to be made and some had important
timeframes. He said he would ask the City Attorney to participate in the
discussion regarding timeline and financing issues. With regard to the
Cubberley issue, he reported the Mayor's recommendation in his
memorandum was to articulate that, contrary to the IBRC's recommendation
or its interpretation, the Council had established a Community Planning
Process. He noted he and Mr. Emslie met with the School Superintendant on
the Technical Advisory Committee work they were performing on Cubberley.
He thought Staff would meet the schedule of bringing Guiding Principles and
Policies and the appointment of a community panel to the Council by March.
Following that there would be a lot of community work in that Process on
what to do with Cubberley. He stated the Mayor's memorandum made it
clear that Staff needed to consider putting aside a Cubberley financing issue
and letting that process go through this year. Staff thought the Council
might want to discuss that, so it was scheduled. He was not planning to
discuss Cubberley more, unless the Council wanted to. He said when the
Council had finished that, Staff would be ready to orient the Council to the
timeline issues related to elections and the types of issues related to the
kinds of elections, mail ballots, and those sorts of things.

Mayor Yeh invited Mark Harris to speak specifically to Cubberley.




                                   13                   January 21, 2012 
 
