                                MINUTES
was correct. All those things led him to believe that little was to be achieved
by a trial. It was politically expedient to have a trial because people wanted
a test, but he was concerned that it was not clear what would be tested. He
waited in vain for any speaker to specifically say what should be tested or
that they understood that they could not have the improvements without the
lane reduction. The trial had no criteria and he was not persuaded that was
really the concern of the people who opposed the project. He thought there
were a series of concerns and wondered if they had the trial and there was
criteria then there would be something else mentioned as the problem. So
while the trial was politically expedient it was not a good use of taxpayer
money. Whether it was $50,000 or $100,000 that was not insignificant and
he could not vote for tests that were only justified by political expediency.
He did not believe that was how the citizens wanted the City spending their
money. For those reasons he was voting no on the Substitute Motion but
yes on the original Motion. He thought it was a great project and a good
expenditure of City funds. He was pleased about the grant. He asked when
the project would be complete.

Mr. Rodriguez said it would be complete in fall of 2014.

Council Member Klein said that he thought everyone would be happy with it
in 2014.

Council Member Espinosa said that a former Mayor had advised him that
after every vote 50 percent of the community would believe that he was
wrong. He was also advised to do his homework, be fair, make sure his
analysis was based on facts, and listened to the community. He had tried to
do those things. Like his colleagues he took pause and had concern when
he heard from large segments of the community that they felt they had not
been heard or that they were being ignored. For him that was especially
hard when it came from the business community having served on the
Chamber of Commerce and being involved in business for many years. He
believed the Council took all of the issues very seriously and had listened
and wanted to make sure concerns were addressed. That did not mean that
everyone was always going to be happy with the result or the answer. He
took issue with the constant chime of people saying that they were not
heard. Staff and the Council had taken the time to listen to the concerns
raised and addressed them. For a decade he worked up the street from
California Avenue and so it had a place in his heart. He thought it was a
fantastic project that was great for California Avenue and the City as a whole
and he wanted it to move forward quickly. He was voting against the
Substitute Motion and in favor of the original Motion.


                                                                         Page 69 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
