Council Member Shepherd thought per household would be more informative.
She noted the non-departmental category included the Cubberley expense of
$6.8 million paid to the School District. She asked what comprised the
remaining amount.

Mr. Pelletier indicated some of that information was footnoted.

David Ramberg, Assistant Director for Administrative Services stated $6.8
million for the Palo Alto Unified School District usually comprised 98 percent of
the non-departmental category; however, the increase for 2010 and 2011 was
the City Manager's loan.

Council Member Shepherd suggested Staff separate Cubberley as its own line
item and have a miscellaneous non-departmental category.

Mr. Ramberg responded Staff could look into that.

Council Member Shepherd stated separating Cubberley would allow the public
to see that movement of funds. She noted on page 12 benefits were $34
million and pay was $56 million for miscellaneous workers. She thought the
workers were valuable, but the amounts were much heavier than in the past.
She noticed camp attendance had decreased significantly. She felt this could
be attributable to closing the libraries and the Art Center, but asked Staff for
an explanation.

Greg Betts, Director of Community Services reported there was a two-fold
reason for a decrease in camp registration. He explained over the last five
years there had been a virtual explosion in competition in camps in Palo Alto.
He indicated competitors for children were churches, Stanford and Camp
Galileo. He stated cost recovery efforts had driven the cost of City camps
above the price point of the YMCA and Jewish Community Center, two of the
City's biggest competitors. He felt parents were much more selective about
which sessions they registered their children for, and were taking advantage
of summer school programs.

Council Member Price thought it was compelling to point out that the issues of
cost methodology and program design were so different among the cities that
the Council had to keep in mind the cities' programs were not necessarily
comparable.   She inquired whether significant differences year-over-year
raised concerns which Departments would address, especially in terms of
examining work plans.

Mr. Pelletier reported his office utilized the SEA Report as part of the annual
audit planning, and would analyze information like that for their own
purposes. He encouraged the Departments to review the Report to develop

                                             5                      03/19/2012
