did the interest only payments achieve that goal or were there other
payment streams that would not surpass it.

Mr. Bartel agreed the interest only payment method did achieve that goal.
If the policy goal was to not have un-funded liability grow, the answer would
be over the next eight years using the 28-year amortization method would
be contrary to the policy.

Mayor Yeh agreed, with the explanation it did not make sense to include the
interest only method. The two numbers in question were 1) the low at $9.8
million which was what had been formerly budgeted for the contribution for
the Fiscal Year 2012 as recommended by the Milliman Group versus 2) the
$9.8 million plus the $2.3 million under the new actuarial analysis, that was
the band and both were GASB compliant. As Council Member Klein noted as
long as there was a range of numbers the Council could make their decision.

Mr. Perez was aware the $9.8 million needed to be higher to fund the ARC
but the question was to what degree.

Mayor Yeh said if Staff knew the $9.8 million was not sufficiently high was
Council comfortable to choose a number that Staff was now planning to
bring back.

Mr. Perez noted Mr. Bartel had said he had presented his level of
recommendation and did not recommend a change.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the current Motion provided the framework for an
intellectual decision. He agreed with a brief report with the additional
numbers would be sufficient unless Staff believed more was needed to meet
with the Bond Counsel.

Mr. Perez said the steps being outlined did not reflect concern with respect
to the rating agencies. If the Council were to make substantive changes then
there may be cause to revisit.

Council Member Shepherd stated it appeared to her that each one of the
differentials from the Milliman Report had a value for the ARC that could be
easily distributed to review the out of pocket expense.

Council Member Schmid asked Staff to provide the most straightforward
response to what the City’s liability was on future medical benefits.

Mr. Perez said in order to reach the truest number he would take the
actuarial load, which could be lowered a couple of percentages. Mr. Bartel
may not be comfortable lowering it more than two percent.


                                     24                          01/30/2012
