ad-hoc committee as informing research and procedure, then returning to
the Council.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if the MSC discussion would follow the
Council's decision on Animal Services.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council could be comfortable making that decision
on its own, or the Council could decide some aspects connected to the other
issue. Staff was attempting to provide options to the Council.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Klein that the animal services delivery discussion be
referred to the Policy & Services Committee.

Council Member Holman stated this was partly about efficiency, because
there was an established Council committee with a light Agenda. She
thought having this discussion in public at the Policy & Services Committee
would help with transparency and was an appropriate venue for the
conversation.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Holman's comments, and
added there were a limited number of people to serve on the ad hoc
committee, and the people who would serve on the ad hoc committee were
presently on the Finance Committee or the Policy & Services Committee. He
was concerned that adding another committee would make it more difficult
for the public to follow.

Council Member Price agreed with the Substitute Motion. She felt another
committee to address this issue was redundant. She had great belief that
Staff had enough direction and expertise to determine options for the
Committee to consider.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for clarification regarding how the process would
work. He stated the Animal Services issues were complicated in that it
affected the budget discussion. He was not sure how the timing would work,
because the Council would have to make the decision regarding Animal
Services in order to have a budget. He asked if the issue would be broken
into policy issues versus budget issues, before reviewing costs.

Ms. Antil thought the bigger point was she could not provide additional
information before the Finance Committee budget hearings. She said she
could circulate an RFP and request input on that. She stated she could


                                 30                   March 26, 2012
