                               MINUTES
looked at the streets near the area for opportunities to restripe spaces and
pick up more parking spaces. Additionally, Staff was studying the issue of
the permit system in the California Avenue area garages and trying to be
more efficient there as well.

Council Member Price said that if Mr. Arrillaga could do the Stanford football
stadium in seven to nine months then the City of Palo Alto ought to be able
to complete projects more quickly.       Everyone heard the very serious
concerns voiced by the merchants and residents regarding construction
impacts.   She said that she could not overstate the importance of a
preconstruction well-articulated aggressive plan with the appropriate input
that did everything possible to defray and mitigate impacts including project
construction acceleration.

Council Member Schmid understood the merchants concerns about reducing
the lanes from four to two. California Avenue was unique in that it was a
dead end street on both ends. There were not that many entrances to
California Avenue. He thought the Council had already discussed or would
discuss over 400,000 square feet of new offices and residences in the area.
That would have an impact and he thought it was rational to say that they
needed to look at the concerns. Staff had said that the biggest concern
about doing a trial was subjectivity and anecdotal evidence. However, he
thought the P&TC recommendation was very concrete in saying there should
be a short trial with concrete measures, such as LOS or route time through
the street. From what he had heard from the merchants, they wanted a trial
and if there was not concrete evidence of problems in the trial with real
measures, then they would accept that. He thought that getting the
community together on the project was an important element. He asked if a
trial was acceptable if the agreement was based concrete evidence such as
LOS.

Mr. Williams said the project was about providing a space for people as
much as it was about providing an avenue for vehicle traffic. He was
confident that if the criteria were that the LOS remained above D it would
meet those criteria, but the measurement of success of the trial was not just
the engineering data, it was the kind of environment that they created.
There was subjectivity in that respect.

Council Member Holman said Council Member Shepherd mentioned that
some of the Council met with the merchants and she was one of them. The
component that she understood was a concern about backup of traffic. The
merchants were very concerned about traffic flow and people being able to
get in and out with their cars. She understood that the measures of success
were much broader than that, and she thought the merchant community
                                                                        Page 47 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
