                               MINUTES
data regarding the issue to determine if they needed employees to pay a
higher percentage. Assemblyman Gordon said he was informed that PEPRA
solved roughly 50 percent of the unfunded pension liability issue. He was
astonished by that because the number he heard was approximately 10
percent. He wanted further analysis of what PEPRA did and purported to
solve. They needed to examine vested rights for existing and retired
employees because without doing that he felt it was close to an insoluble
problem. He hoped to hear from the City Attorney as well, as the private
sector did not have vested rights. The current draconian solution was for
cities to file bankruptcy to reduce pension obligations. He agreed with
Council Member Burt that they needed a better understanding of CalPERS
rules and hoped that had always been part of the process. If vested rights
were a major part of the problem, the City needed to know what it could do
about that.     He asked if there was potential for buying out benefits.
Different employees had different needs but the City was unable to offer
different packages like the private sector could. For example, a younger
employee could prefer a higher salary to pension benefits. He wanted to
think on a broader scale and promote an atmosphere of change.

Ms. Shen said she noted the Council wanted to focus on healthcare and data
regarding the employer cost.      Her past employer went to 20 percent
employee paid healthcare in the 1990’s with the understanding it would
probably be 30 percent within ten years. Private employees were more used
to paying a greater share of healthcare costs. With respect to pensions they
would look at the percent of unfunded liability and what had and had not
been solved by PEPRA. She stated they would look at the issue of vested
rights and buying out benefits with the City Attorney. PEPRA was going to
be thoroughly reviewed. It was more complicated than first anticipated.

Mr. Keene said Staff wanted a better understanding of PEPRA before the
pension discussion with Council. Generally related to pension Palo Alto had
done almost everything it had the discretion to do without significant
changes or rule flexibility. He thought some PEPRA requirements would
move the City backward due to the way they were written. He thought
Council Member Klein’s point about balance and what changes were needed
was necessary.

Vice Mayor Scharff said the City had either given its employees no raises in
the last four years or they had given them over a 40 percent raise. Pension
and medical benefits went up 40 percent over the past four years. However,
if he was an employee he would view it as he had not received a raise while
the cost of living increased. The City made many changes, but the trend line
on the pension benefits was still increasing by 10 percent or $3 million per
year. Finance Committee looked at it and said there was a $4 million budget
                                                                      Page 16 of 28
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/15/12
