                               MINUTES
sounded to her based on the presentation that the central energy
cogeneration facility was a very well thought out project that met and
exceeded the sustainability goals for Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he was very pleased to see Stanford moving forward
on sustainability goals. He thought it was a good project and was glad they
were extending the lease.

Council Member Holman was pleased about the proposal of a cogen plant
but had questions for Staff. She said they were taking a piece out of the
GUP that was designated for housing. She asked what happened to the
housing because the GUP also required a specific number of housing units be
built.

Mr. Williams said it did not change the number of housing units. The areas
provided for housing were more than what was needed to accommodate the
number. He said that there was still room for housing and that maybe some
areas would be more concentrated than they would have been otherwise or
they might not get to 3,000 units which was the upper limit of the range.
He said that it did not change anything as far as the requirement for the
number of units they had to provide.

Council Member Holman said that as long as there was flexibility that was
good to know. She asked what happened to the golf course.

Ms. McNair said the location was the practice facility, not actually the golf
course.

Ms. Palter said that it displaced some of the practice facility that was
recently built, but the golf course remained intact and there would be a
shifting and reallocation of the practice center.

Council Member Schmid had a few questions about the site. The only
picture they provided of an energy plant was of the current plant that looked
very big and awkward. He asked what the new plant would look like and
about its proportions.

Mr. Stagner said they were revising conceptual plans but the ones he saw
showed that the massing of the plant was about the same or smaller than
the existing facility. It was also more attractive than the current plant. The
architectural renderings he saw included solar panels on the roof, some
courtyard areas, and he thought the facility itself was more sustainable and
attractive to public and private folks.

                                                                           Page 25 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
