Council Member Shepherd said that she had not agreed to do this the
previous year, she said that this year it was better articulated. She said that
the other part that got her attention this time was the question Council had to
fill out about the leadership style and how the CAO’s were leading. She said
she did not know the answer to that question and that this information would
give Council better texture for judging that.

Herb Borock said that there was one other way in which Council could get
other feedback without any budgetary cost and that was making public the
goals set for each of the Council Appointed Officers because there were about
65,000 members of the community that would then have the ability to give
Council feedback on how the Council Appointed Officers were meeting their
goals. He stated that from time to time Council had people coming before it
giving opinions about one Council Appointed Officer or another but they do
that without any context. Citizens do not know if the behavior they are
commenting on was meeting the Council’s goals or not. He suggested that
when Council set the goals for the CAO’s that they make them public. Then
when Council came to its closed sessions for evaluation there would come a
time for the public to give feedback at the meeting or in writing or by talking
to Council Members individually.

Mayor Yeh said he would be supporting the Motion. He said that he had
supported the 360 approach over the years and appreciated that this was
brought back to Council.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Shepherd reported that the Bus Rapid Transit Policy Advisory
Committee met the previous week.         She had requested an information
meeting with Staff to determine if Palo Alto could accommodate a dedicated
bus lane to enable her to properly represent Palo Alto on the committee.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he attended the Housing Methodology Committee
Meeting for Association of Bay Area Governments in the previous week. Palo
Alto received a low allocation for the year. The jobs-housing imbalance was
only a minimal factor in determining the allocation.

Council Member Burt announced that scheduled for the following day, March
13, 2012, was a High Speed Rail State Senate Committee hearing at the
Mountain View Performing Arts Center at 7:00 pm. He encouraged the City
Council Members and the public to attend.


                                  55                    March 12, 2012
