4.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Architectural Review
     Board for Two Full Terms and One Unexpired Term Ending on
     September 30, 2015.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to interview all candidates for the open positions on the Architectural
Review Board for Two Full Terms and One Unexpired Term Ending on
September 30, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

5.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Planning and
     Transportation Commission for Two Terms Ending on July 31, 2016
     and One Unexpired Term Ending on July 31, 2013.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to interview all candidates for the open positions on the Planning and
Transportation Commission for Two Terms Ending on July 31, 2016 and One
Unexpired Term Ending on July 31, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

6.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Utilities Advisory
     Commission for Three Terms Ending on June 30, 2015.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to interview all candidates for the open positions on the Utilities
Advisory Commission for Three Terms Ending on June 30, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

STUDY SESSION

7.   Update and Council Input Regarding the Status of the Valley
     Transportation Authority - Bus Rapid Transit Project.

City Council participated in a study session to discuss design concepts for
the operation of Bus Rapid Transit through Palo Alto along El Camino Real as
part of a proposed Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority project
(VTA). City staff presented two alignment concepts being pursued by the
VTA that have buses operate either: 1) in dedicated lanes down the center
of El Camino Real, or 2) in mixed-flow operations along the existing curb
lanes of the street. The dedicated lane option requires a conversion of one
vehicle travel lane of El Camino Real, per approach, to a bus only use. City
staff highlighted environmental factors that require further analysis by the
VTA of each option including intersection level of service, corridor level of

                                      2                           05/14/2012
