site. He knew the Baylands were envisioned for passive use. He asked if
there was flexibility for Staff to solicit ideas along those lines to determine
what was available. He did not think it was best to plan around a single
business.     He suggested a car dealership should have to complete a
competitive process where companies would state their interest in this
particular site. He felt this was an incredibly visible site for the City of Palo
Alto, and it would be there for generations. He thought the Council should
take advantage of the opportunity to think through other ideas.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff could go in any direction the Council wanted. He
noted there was a range of options as far as putting out any kind of
competitive solicitation. He suggested the solicitation could be as narrow as
revenue generation. There should be a competitive process, even if it
focused on an auto dealership. He stated Staff was open to the Council's
thoughts as to how broad the solicitation might be, if the Council was
interested in this as a concept.

Council Member Holman hoped that information returned to the Council was
provided with more background. She felt the Council was looking at pieces
of land as if they were just on map, rather than in their environmental and
plan contexts. She was concerned the Council was viewing this with a
narrow scope of vision.       She concurred with Mayor Yeh's comments
regarding a single tenant. She stated the Council should not zone for a
single tenant.

Mr. Keene stated the presentations were illustrative of the details Staff
would present on every issue. He thought the IBRC Report acknowledged
that every solution had some externalities and impacts. He noted the last
Item on the Agenda concerned finance options, which were alternatives
identified in the IBRC Report or other options available to the Council. He
thought this discussion and the IBRC Report anticipated discussions
concerning increasing revenues and who would pay. He stated these were
complex issues that the Council would have to consider. If the Council
decided against any recommendations for a revenue use along the Baylands,
he said that was part of the Council's due diligence as every decision had
consequences. He suggested the Council consider the timing and impacts of
alternative financing options. He stated Staff was ready to move on to the
update on the Public Safety Building study and Post Office, unless Council
had a specific directive.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Staff wanted the Council to take some
action. She suggested the Council could take action by sending it to the
Finance Committee. She asked if Staff could provide information on sales
tax by industry.

                                    27                     March 26, 2012
