inquired what was Staff's initial response on this proposal, the cost
implications for implementing an IMS system as outlined in the Report, how
did it relate to the City's current capacity in data management for CIP and
other projects, and what were examples of other cities and regions that had
done the same thing effectively.

Mr. Sartor stated Staff had performed some initial exploratory work with
IBRC on other cities' activities to establish software databases, but had not
prepared an Request for Proposal to determine hard numbers. He indicated
Staff would explore in more detail the scope, based on IBRC's
recommendations, and present a plan for the Council to review.

Lalo Perez, Director Administrative Services, agreed this was probably the
most important piece, because Staff wanted to capture the City's needs and
utilize the tool to run scenarios. He said Staff had reviewed a couple of
demonstrations of systems. He stated there were solutions, other than
those in place, available at a lower cost. He indicated Staff needed to review
the impacts in the operating departments of the capital programs and then
the administrative piece of the system. He wholeheartedly agreed with the
recommendation of exploring options. He felt Staff would provide variations
or a range of options for the Council to consider.

Council Member Price indicated these would be hardware and software
implications. She asked if Staff was exploring the track record of other
communities or regions who have done this effectively.

Mr. Perez answered yes. He stated Staff had some preliminary discussions,
but not with the systems currently being reviewed. He indicated Staff
wanted to determine the impacts to current staffing and possible solutions.

Council Member Price asked if Staff had an order of magnitude even at the
grossest level.

Mr. Perez stated he was very cautious with that and would wait to provide
information rather than a guess.

Council Member Schmid stated he was a strong supporter of the IMS
system, and felt it was an essential tool to provide information at either the
detail or the aggregate level. He noted over the last few years the City had
an additional 20 percent locked up in retiree benefits, which meant the City
would have 40 percent to 45 percent of the budget taken off the books. He
said this would lead to reducing programs or wages and to crisis. He
favored setting targets, setting a base, or having some kind of mandate, but
thought across-the-board mandates would lead to many problems.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for Staff feedback on recommendations such as
establishing a single point of responsibility and requiring an IMS summary be
                                     19                          01/17/2012
