                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein asked what the objective test was for that.

Mr. Williams said he was unsure.

Council Member Klein said that Commissioner Keller suggested that the
merchants purpose a test. He did not understand that because he thought it
was the City’s job to make such proposals. He asked what the objective test
was on the time trial basis, was it the congestion criteria or the increase in
time traveled or what would Staff use if they designed the test.

Mr. Rodriguez said if Staff designed a test based on the concerns of the
merchants some of the measures would be how often traffic stopped to
accommodate parking. He said that much of it was subjective in trying to
measure the experience of a motorist, which was difficult to do. Staff
discussed flyer administration on cars, asking people to go on Survey
Monkey online, and other things. The bigger concern was the amount of
time it took to travel and the convenience of not having to stop.

Mr. Williams added that there were many things that could be measured, but
the question was what amount of those things was acceptable. It was very
difficult to set a target.

Council Member Klein asked if any merchant or group of merchants had
suggested an objective test.

Mr. Williams said Staff had not heard any suggestions.

Adina Levin was the Co-Chair of the Palo Alto Sierra Club Cool Cities and
Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition Joint Team. She believed the Council had
received letters from several of their members who supported the project
and recommended going forward. The group met once a month at Palo Alto
Pizza on California Avenue and Park. She personally visited California
Avenue for the farmer’s market, restaurants, and businesses. She heard
someone allege earlier that the project was for the bicyclists. The
improvement to the experience as a pedestrian shopper enjoying the street
was really the benefit. As Council Member Burt mentioned the four lane
street was designed for a long gone era where that capacity was needed. It
was a dead end street and the extra capacity was not used and would be
better used for the quality of the pedestrian experience. She said Castro
Street in Mountain View was great, Santa Cruz Avenue in Menlo Park was
fine, and it was that level of quality in a shopping experience that would
improve California Avenue. As a customer she encouraged Council to
approve the project.
                                                                        Page 50 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
