                               MINUTES
A clear majority of the merchants voted against the lane change. Most of
the merchants felt that the City was not taking their thoughts into
consideration. He recommended the City consider a trial because a trial
would provide the merchants an opportunity to have some say on what
happened to California Avenue. He thought too much of the conversation
was one sided and the merchants had not had an opportunity to have their
thoughts considered. He said that it was mentioned that night construction
might be a good thing. He lived on California Avenue and felt night
construction was not a good idea.

Margot Goldberg lived in Palo Alto Central on the corner of California Avenue
and Park Boulevard for over 20 years. She urged the Council to approve a
trial for the project. She said that a trial was a win-win situation for the
Council. If they did the trial and it was found that there was no congestion,
no angry motorists, no children knocked off their bicycles by angry and
impatient motorists, then they had a plan. However, if there was congestion
and other negative aspects then it was still a win for the Council because
they prevented spending over $2 million of taxpayer’s money. She said that
whether it was a grant or city money it was still taxpayer’s money. She
urged Council to do the trial, but not to do it during the summer because the
traffic was different due to the schools and Stanford being closed.

Martin Bernstein said he was speaking as an individual, not as a member of
any group or board. There was much discussion about simple data collection
and he thought a simple way to get data on the impact of traffic movement
when the cars were backing out of 60 degree spaces or parallel parking
spaces was University Avenue. From El Camino Real to Park Boulevard was
approximately 1,000 feet. From High Street to Webster Street was about
1,400 feet which was nearly equivalent. He suggested having someone
measure the time it took and compare that to California Avenue. He also
liked the comment made by a previous speaker about how California Avenue
was already functioning like a one lane road. He said that he never saw two
cars across so it felt like a two lane. If he was a merchant, the truest test
would be what impact the program had on his annual sales and noted that
he did not hear any of the merchants from any of the other avenues saying
that they wished they had four lanes.

Stephanie Grossman said she was not going to speak that evening, but then
Council Member Klein said several things that made her think. She had an
office on California Avenue and Park Boulevard and had been there since
1986. She said that she could never pass a car when a car pulled out of a
parking lot even though it was a four lane street and that would not change
whether there were two lanes or four lanes. She thought having wider
sidewalks and outdoor seating would add a vibrancy that you would not get
                                                                       Page 58 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
