                                MINUTES
down the middle of the right hand lane and it was very convenient. He said
that many bicyclists did not do that, they tended to stay to the very right of
the lane away from cars. The change to the lane arrangement with a much
wider lane was going to be very welcome for those bicyclists who did not
naturally want to get out in the middle. He thought it was a great
improvement, but it was not a case of bicyclists versus cars, it was really an
opportunity to provide a space for pedestrians.

Cedric de la Beaujardiere said he supported the project and appreciated the
Staff and consultant’s work to improve the bicycle flow around the plaza and
their efforts to minimalize conflicts with pedestrians and traffic. He thought
Mr. Neff was correct. The two lane versus four lane configuration went to
Payback and they and the Bicycle Advisory Committee thought it was much
safer to have the wide lane. He said that bicyclists with the sharrows should
ride further away from the backing out cars and there was still plenty of
room for cars to go around bicyclists. The 55 merchants opposed to the
project had lobbied the other merchants. There was significant fear about
the traffic, but it was not balanced with the traffic numbers. He said that the
merchants who were being lobbied got a one sided fear laden argument and
signed the petition. He went to many of the community meetings and
initially there were many speakers opposed to the project, but then one
speaker spoke in favor of it and people cheered. When that happened he
felt a release from the audience and suddenly more people spoke in favor of
the project. When people were very passionate and angry there was an
atmosphere that oppressed positive comment.

Christopher Bush said he was a resident who lived off of California Avenue
and was there to speak in favor of the project and the two lane iteration. He
said that everyone he spoke with was unanimously in favor of the project,
which was ironic because unanimous support was claimed on both sides. As
a bicyclist, motorist, and pedestrian he found the current situation unsafe.
He found it unsafe to ride down California Avenue because he felt people
were trying to see how fast they could speed down the road. California
Avenue was supposed to be a pedestrian centered street where people could
come and enjoy the businesses and establishments there and really get out
of their car. The opposition by the merchants was just another iteration of
their opposition to the project for other concerns. He did not believe that
the two lane iteration was their principle concern; it was as though they
would continue trying until they found a lawsuit that worked. He said that if
it was not parking it was the traffic lanes. He thought the City Council
needed to move forward with the program without a trial because ultimately
they could not account for all the assumptions that were otherwise
necessary to make the trial representative of the actual traffic outcomes for

                                                                         Page 56 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
