                      DRAFT MINUTES
Joy Ogawa spoke regarding Agenda Item No. 8. She said that
she decided to speak regarding one of the College Terrace traffic
calming devices in order to help provide some legal basis for any
future pedestrian or bicyclist who was injured in an accident at
the Yale Street/College Avenue intersection. She said that she
lived a few blocks from the Yale Street/College Avenue
intersection and she crossed College Avenue at Yale Street as a
pedestrian several times per week. She thought that the traffic
circle was a hazard for pedestrians and bicyclists. Vehicles were
so distracted by having to maneuver around the traffic circle that
most drivers paid no attention to pedestrians attempting to cross
the intersection. Additionally, vehicles, especially larger vehicles
continued to avoid going around the circle as they were supposed
to in order to make left turns. There was no enforcement by the
City to prevent the absolutely illegal behavior so it continued and
added another element of danger to pedestrians and bicyclists.
She said that element of danger did not exist before the traffic
circle was added to the intersection. She altered her normal
course to walk a block out of her way in order to cross College
Avenue at Williams Street so she could avoid the hazardous
conditions created by the traffic circle at Yale Street and College
Avenue. She did not expect the many bicyclists who use Yale
Street as their route to and from Stanford would make a detour
to cross College Avenue at Williams so she would not be surprised
if a bicyclist was ran into at that intersection.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5-12 and 14-17.

5.   Approval of Utilities Enterprise Fund Contract with Ranger
     Pipelines Incorporated in an Amount of $4,220,699 for
     Water Main Replacement Capital Improvement Program WS-
     09001 Project 23 and WS-10001 Project 24 in Crescent
     Park, Duveneck/St. Francis, Old Palo Alto, University Park,
     and Ventura Subdivisions.



                                                                   Page 10 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
