use them instead of taking the train. She stated the Go Passes would only
work if one lived and worked along the transit lines. She said that people still
owned cars and would have to park them somewhere as transit was a nine to
five solution. She explained that the highest concentration of cars in the
neighborhood was from Alma to about Cowper and then it weakened as it got
closer to Middlefield.

Michael Hodos echoed the earlier comment about the insightful questions from
the Council. He said that there were two points that had not been raised that
were worth mentioning. First, the Downtown Parking Working Group, which
had 15 members comprised of the business community, the Professorville
area, and the Staff had been working diligently to develop parking strategies
that would meet the needs of the businesses and the adjacent residential
neighborhoods. He believed that the line must be drawn so the City could get
the parking situation under control. The second issue he raised was about the
fund Council Members had mentioned for in lieu fees. All the in lieu fees went
into the General Fund. He said that there was no tracking of how much of the
in lieu fees were ever used for the purpose for which they were intended,
which was to mitigate the problems caused by lack of parking. He urged the
Council to direct the City Manager to recapture the In Lieu fees in the General
Fund and redirect them to a dedicated fund used strictly for parking. He
stated that they had been told that there was about $100,000 in the General
Fund of In Lieu fees, which was ridiculously low. He stated that the City of
Mountain View had over a million dollars in its In Lieu Fund and would have
almost $1.5 million by the end of the calendar year.

Ken Alsman said there were a lot of people who would not speak who were
concerned about the residential parking issues in the Professorville area. The
environmental question he raised was common sense. CEQA was intended to
provide information for decision makers and the public. To ignore the fact
that there was a huge concern about parking in the neighborhood and say
that it was not legally required was crazy. He said that in the assessment
district, the current assessment based on numbers he received from the City
was $0.09 a square foot per month to the downtown property owners against
$5.00, $6.00, or $7.00 rents per month. That was less than 2 Percent.

Robert Moss said that with respect to public versus private benefits for PC’s,
he understood Council’s pain, as he had tried for over 20 years to quantify it.
Unfortunately the table that he had presented to the PTC was not included in
the evening’s packet. He stated that the public versus private benefits had
changed because the project was modified so often. When he did the
quantification, he came up with the following private benefits over $25 million
and public benefits less than $3 million dollars over 20 years. He asked how
the benefits could be quantified and suggested the BMR units should not be
mostly studios. Secondly, they should be low income, not moderate income
                                   34                    March 12, 2012
