                                MINUTES
retail end. For those reasons, the Downtown Development Cap Study was
necessary to study the reality of the parking situations.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Amendment.

Council Member Burt reported the primary Motion was not prescriptive with
regard to outcome.     In the process used to evaluate the Downtown
Development Cap, Staff would also evaluate the relationship of retail space.
The Motion asked Staff to evaluate new, appropriate boundaries and non-
conforming uses. If the Motion stated boundaries for the entire Downtown
area, then he would not support it. This was exactly where planning should
occur.

Mayor Yeh noted Agenda Item Number 21 concerned the Downtown
Cap/Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Study. He inquired if Staff
intended for the Scope of Services of that study to return to the Council or a
Standing Committee. The Motion's intentions had to be vetted in the
broader discussion of the Scope of Services of the Downtown Development
Cap.

Mr. Williams reported the specifics of the study were not outlined in the Staff
Report. After evaluating the Parking Study and its importance, Staff needed
to return to Council or the Policy and Services Committee with the scope of
work for that study. It was a significant study regarding parking and land
use.

Mr. Keene felt the recommendation as written could be misconstrued. Staff
could not issue a Request for Proposal (RFP), perform the Downtown
Development Study, and provide results and recommendations in six
months. A year would be a more appropriate timeframe.

Mayor Yeh did not want to make a decision on the second half of the Motion
without understanding the potential fiscal impacts and how they would
influence the study.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF
MAKER AND THE SECONDER at the time of the Scope of Services review
of the Downtown Development Cap / Traffic Demand Management (TDM)
Study, Staff shall bring back costs associated with: “as part of the review of
the Downtown Development Cap direct Staff to review the boundaries of the
ground floor overlay and evaluate bringing into compliance non-conforming
uses within the ground floor overlay area of the downtown CD District.”


                                                                         Page 16 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 11/5/12
