                               MINUTES
These kinds of sites fit the opportunities of public-private partnership and
transfer of development rights. The Council would be unwise to delete that
language and that program from the draft Housing Element. The Council
would constrain opportunity when a variety of housing types at different
costs was needed to have a diverse community. She would not support the
original Motion that deleted that particular program.

Council Member Espinosa recalled the ARB planned to review the 50-foot
height limit, and asked for a status update.

Mr. Williams reported the ARB discussed it briefly at a retreat, but had no
action. A joint session with the P&TC and the ARB was scheduled for late
August 2012, and the height limit was an item on the Agenda.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether Staff had any indication of action
the ARB might take and how it would impact the Housing Element.

Mr. Williams speculated that the ARB would support moving in that direction
and the P&TC would discuss narrowing site locations.

Council Member Espinosa asked if Staff was implementing mechanisms to
ensure future Housing Elements were drafted without delay.

Mr. Williams reported Staff would draft future Housing Elements more
quickly, because the data analysis had been performed, the Regional
Housing Needs Assessment (RHNA) number would be lower, and the City
had potential sites for increased housing density that were not incorporated
in the current Housing Element. Staff had a base of data and housing sites
to work with and Comprehensive Plan exercises that would allow them to
move quickly.

Council Member Espinosa was interested in reviewing the timeline for
drafting the next Housing Element. Establishing permanent emergency
shelters in each church within a year was not possible. He suggested that
should be a goal rather an expectation.

Council Member Schmid felt many sites identified in the Housing Element
had the words existing commercial use. Mixed use meant the goal was to
supplement the existing use with housing. Retail uses were difficult to
include in mixed use projects. His concern was in transforming the houses
there might be mixed use with office but retail mixed with housing would be
difficult to sell. He asked if there was a protection that could guarantee the
amount of existing retail would be protected.



07-09-2012                                                             111-168
