                                MINUTES

Thomas Atwood indicated the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU)
membership was not unanimous regarding this issue. The premise behind
the Citizens United decision was that the people were powerless to regulate
unrestricted flows of cash in democratic elections. If citizens did not stop
these legalized intrusions on the civil liberties of natural persons, they were
disempowering themselves. He urged the Council to pass the Resolution.

Karen Harwell embraced the Resolution for its potential to evoke
conversations across the country. It was time for local involvement if the
country was to be a functioning democracy.

Stephen Rosenblum urged the Council to approve the Resolution. He was
aghast at the amount of corporate money flowing into the current election
cycle. A Constitutional Amendment was needed to overturn the Supreme
Court's decision.

Gregory Slater felt it was important to encourage all communities to adopt
Resolutions of this kind. It was obvious that corporations were not people.
Corporations were obligated to maximize profits and did not recognize social
contracts. The only means to addressing the problem was through local
involvement.

Aram James read from an amicus brief on behalf of Citizens United. The First
Amendment protected robust political debate. The vast amount of money
influencing politics came from rich individuals. The issue was complex.

Stephanie Reader, Board President of the Peninsula Peace and Justice Center
and member of the ACLU, noted the division among ACLU members
regarding the Citizens United decision. The ACLU asked the Council to
consider a position of corporations were not people and money was not
speech.

Stephanie Munoz stated corporations influenced healthcare reform in 2010.
The Council should adopt a Resolution stating it was against corporate
influence.

Kip Husty believed a corporation was not a person.

Carol Broullet recalled a memorandum regarding corporations maintaining
power and wealth. The Supreme Court gave greater and greater powers to
corporations. She urged the Council to consider the Resolution as a means
to reign in corporate power.


10/22/2012                                                      111-480
