Mr. Bobel explained there was a series of projects at the Civic Center, not
just one project. He said he would review the Arts Center project to
determine why all projects weren't included.

Council Member Klein thought the City Council had voted to include all
projects on the Art Center.

Mr. Bobel said he would need to review the item.

Council Member Klein asked about libraries.

Mr. Bobel explained the amount for libraries was updated while the Report
was in press. He said the correct number for the libraries category was
$48,000 rather than $548,000. He reiterated Staff's attempts to revise the
information late in the process; however, because the tables of information
were interconnected, it was too difficult to make the changes.

Council Member Klein felt no one could be pleased with the Report in the
sense that there was a $250 million bill to pay. However, he thought that
was about half the amount Staff and consultants had estimated. He asked if
there was an explanation for the difference.

Mr. Bobel indicated the $500 million was associated with backlog. He said
the number in the table on page 33 for catch-up was $41 million. He stated
$500 million was never the catch-up amount; it was the total needs
assessment, and became known as the backlog. He noted that backlog was
a misnomer as the work included overdue and future projects. He said there
was a fine line between catch-up and keep-up, and the details demonstrated
judgment calls about categorizing projects as catch-up versus keep-up.

James Keene, City Manager, stated Council Member Klein's question
reflected the Council's need for information and transparency. He thought
the Council retreat would provide an opportunity for discussion of prior and
current numbers.

Council Member Klein referred to the table on page 31 and footnotes A and
C, and asked how the numbers were derived and if Staff was confident in
them.

Mr. Melton explained the Finance Working Group asked Public Works how
much it would need to keep up the City's infrastructure at a level of
maintenance and repair that Citizens expected. He said Public Works
answered 10 percent or $1.6 million per year of operating maintenance. He
indicated the current level of funding provided adequate infrastructure, and
more funding would provide good to very good infrastructure. He also
explained Finance Staff studied the last five years of CIP budgets to
                                     9                          01/17/2012
