from land-line telephones to cellular telephones. She noted the City did not
have a Utility User Tax on cell phone calls, because people made emergency
calls from their cell phones. She asked if the Council needed a referendum
on the Utility User Tax, and should the Council consider that along with other
topics for a ballot.

Ms. Stump explained the Utility User Tax was placed on the chart as a
potential broader discussion for whether the Council might be interested in
adjusting the rate with respect to additional financing. She stated the
questions concerned cleaning up and modernizing the tax which had been in
place for a number of years without any kind of adjustment. She reported a
change in the Utility User Tax needed to go on a ballot in the same way that
regular approval would; a General Municipal Election with passage by a
majority vote. She said Staff could provide more information in another
forum about various technical aspects of the tax and the way it was
structured.

Council Member Shepherd asked if this would allow the Council to capture
cell phone activity.

Mr. Perez reported it was covered at the moment, and part of the confusion
arose when telephone companies began bundling services. He understood
federal law protected taxation of internet service, and so providers had the
problem of identifying the cost of the bundle. He indicated the companies
now split the costs for each service on bills. He explained this was difficult
for Staff to review, because it didn't receive data with payment, only a
check. He stated Staff was working on this issue.

Ms. Stump explained the City was in litigation along with 132 other cities in
California with one provider over an issue related to this. She suggested
updating the Council in another forum regarding the status of that litigation
and the issues.

Council Member Burt stated an important element of this matrix was
estimated revenue.     He said the Council had to have that in their
discussions. He asked if this discussion was focused on the Public Safety
Building or was it the other financial needs for Infrastructure on catch-up,
keep-up.

Mayor Yeh reported there was a particular IBRC recommendation of how to
fund catch-up, keep-up and the Public Safety Facility. He said it was Staff's
intention to provide the Council with the full breadth of financing options,


                                  21                   January 21, 2012 
 
