                                MINUTES
height was 50 feet, and parking capacity had increased from 110 spaces to
174 spaces. They talked with the owner of six adjacent parcels about his
concerns with a new development. The project's appearance accommodated
his concerns of a daylight plane. They met with nearby neighborhood
groups and came to understand and respond to the groups' concerns. The
project had the support of three leaders of these communities. The public
benefit of parking equated to slightly more than $3 million. A 52,000 square
foot project at a 4 parking stalls per 1,000 square feet parking ratio resulted
in 208 parking stalls. Being located in the Downtown Parking Assessment
District provided a non-discretionary 1:1 FAR parking exemption. Because
of the concerns of neighborhood parking, the City Council did not grant that
exemption, which would provide relief of 58 parking stalls. The team was
encouraged to achieve a 20-30 percent reduction due to proximity to train
and a Transportation Demand Management (TDM). A 30 percent reduction
was allowed due to proximity to train and transit. He was asking for a 20
percent reduction, which subtracted 42 required stalls for a total
requirement of 166. The project was providing 174 stalls: 131 onsite stalls,
3 parking lifts, and 40 attendant parking stalls. They had analyzed valet
parking at length and determined 40 stalls could be comfortably parked.
They were providing a $1.47 million contribution as an in lieu parking fee.
They arrived at this number by assuming they would receive credit for 25
percent of the 40 valet stalls provided onsite, which provided a contribution
of $1.476 million for in lieu fees or the equivalent of 22 parking stalls. They
were providing $250,000 for the neighborhood parking preservation project,
specifically for the resident permit parking program. It was overwhelmingly
clear in meeting with the neighborhood groups that this was the single most
effective way of dealing with their parking problem, more so than providing
more stalls onsite. Attendant parking would provide 24 parking stalls
available to the public on nights and weekends. They would have to provide
a separate elevator to move the public from the garage level to the street.
They were making a $6,000 contribution to the Transportation Division and
providing parking lifts and train and bus transit passes for all employees for
the life of the project. This was progressive and an example of what an
urban development could provide. This would bring success in terms of
discouraging single vehicle occupancy use. Transit passes were part of the
comprehensive TDM plan. TDM plans were implemented as an effective
method to discourage single vehicle occupancy use. He was confident they
could achieve at least a 20 percent reduction in single vehicle occupancy
use. Other contributions included $2.5 million to Affordable Housing. The
Palo Alto Housing Corporation could use those funds to provide 30 offsite
residential units. They were providing a non-profit office location with a
value of $922,000, and charging rent at 25 percent of market rates for ten
years. These public improvements and traffic enhancements were worth
$500,000. These were not mitigation measures or conditions of approval,
                                                                          Page 8 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
