                               MINUTES
moratorium for two projects currently pending in the development review
process. The structure of the Ordinance provided that the Council could
enact exceptions pursuant to Resolution adopted separately from the
Ordinance. These were technically two separate actions. The Ordinance as
an Urgency Ordinance required eight votes for adoption, and the Resolution
required a majority vote for adoption. The most significant issue was the
exceptions for the two projects in the development process. The 135
Hamilton Avenue project would be approximately 20,000 square feet of
office development with two residential units. The applicant proposed 23
on-site parking spaces. Another 20 spaces would be exempt from parking,
because of the use of Transferrable Development Rights (TAR). Forty spaces
would be exempt due to the one-to-one floor area ratio (FAR) exemption,
which was subject to the moratorium. Not providing an exemption would
require the applicant to pay in-lieu fees for 40 spaces or provide 40 on-site
parking spaces, which was not practical. The site was currently used as a
parking lot and leased to nearby businesses and contained 20-23 parking
spaces. The 636 Waverley Street project would be approximately 5,000
square feet of office space and two residential units. The Architectural
Review Board (ARB) performed a preliminary review. The applicant was
revising the plan to present to the ARB in early 2013. The one-to-one FAR
exemption accounted for 15 spaces that would be exempt from parking. The
number of parking spaces could change depending on the final project. The
applicant would provide some on-site parking with the project.
Transferrable Development Rights were not an issue for the project. The
135 Hamilton Avenue project had been to the ARB once for full review. The
ARB suggested a number of revisions. The applicant submitted a revised
project for an ARB study session, and the ARB suggested further changes.
The project was scheduled for an ARB meeting in January 2013 for further
review and possibly action.        Staff outlined five options for Council
consideration. The first option was not to allow exceptions. This would
require the 135 Hamilton Avenue project be revised to provide 40 parking
spaces or in-lieu fees for 40 parking spaces. The 636 Waverley Street
project would have a similar requirement. It would be approximately
$900,000 to accomplish the 15 spaces for that project. A second option was
to allow exceptions, recognizing that the applicants were well into the
process, but require the applicants to pay into the Assessment District. Staff
suggested an equivalent assessment payment based on the amounts the
projects would have had to pay with the issuance of the 2001 bonds through
2030, including interest. Those numbers would be required in any kind of
exemption proceeding. Staff suggested funds be paid into the Downtown
Parking In-Lieu Fee Fund, to be used for construction of a parking garage.
The amount of payments to the Assessment District was estimated at
$326,000 for 135 Hamilton Avenue and $122,000 for 636 Waverley Street.
A third option, which Staff recommended, was to require the projects to pay
                                                                        Page 18 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/10/12
