proposed housing at Edgewood Plaza. She feared increased traffic would
cause an increased number of traffic accidents.

Angelica Volterra had submitted over 30 pages of important testimony
regarding this Project's serious and significant traffic impacts, including the
opinions of an expert in the field of traffic engineering.           She clearly
documented that the City's published FEIR was seriously flawed and deficient,
and that the City had failed to comply with the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) in its review of the potential traffic impacts of the Project.
She said the City had failed to perform required analyses, including the TIRE
Analysis on St. Francis, Channing and West Bayshore and a worst-case
scenario of trip generation by the office building and the retail shops. She
reported claims of the community supporting this Project were inaccurate.
She stated the developer and the City had never properly informed the
neighborhood, the greater community and the CC&R holders of the Project's
parking deficiencies and serious traffic impacts. Expert testimony of Paul
Adamson, Alan Hess and Eichler's son, all experts in the field of mid-century
modern architecture, indicated this Project would create a significant impact.
Claims of preservation as public benefit were not true. She reported she had
been told that City employees could not find an occupancy permit for the
Maharishi Center, and stated it had never gotten a formal occupancy permit.
She indicated the City would have to find more than a couple of parking
spaces in order to reopen the driveway between the Shell station and the
shopping center. She said the Project would create very serious and
dangerous traffic impacts on dangerous roadways and at dangerous
intersections.

Robert Smith reported he lived at Greer and had been one of the few people
who shopped at the Albertson's. He thought the grocery was poorly designed
and misplaced despite its Eichler heritage, and not very attractive to people.
He was not worried about losing an architectural resource. He believed
changes in the Project had been made to appease the neighbors and the
CC&Rs. He felt traffic and the Shell station were serious problems; however,
he thought the Project should proceed.

Bob Moss indicated there was a lot of controversy about historic preservation
value, but it was a requirement. He said those ten single-family homes would
have a net cost of at least $12,000 a year while public benefits were trivial.
He was bothered by the lack of Below Market Rate (BMR) units, when the City
required BMRs for five or more housing units. He noted the loss of 100
parking spaces, and asked why the Council was not willing to do something
about the lack of parking. He agreed with Edward Eichler's letter concerning
the loss of parking spaces and failure to perform a TIRE Analysis. He noted
discussion of dangerous intersections and traffic. He stated there were
problems with this Project and told the Council to fix them.


                                            30                     03/19/2012
