there was no cost because Foothill College and a park would be located
there. She asked why this sale was different from that sale, and why
couldn't this sale be like that.

Mr. Wigdell indicated that was not their area of expertise, but stated the
USPS was not subsidized by taxpayer dollars, so the USPS was a quasi-
governmental agency.

Ms. Alvarado explained the Federal Acquisition Act did not apply to the
Postal Service because it was not subsidized by tax dollars.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the USPS was looking for a
statement from the City of Palo Alto regarding zoning

Ms. Alvarado answered they were not looking for that at this time.

Council Member Shepherd explained the property's zoning affected the
price the USPS would get. She would rather see the Postal Service receive
their fair share of that if there was going to be any other consideration.
She asked if there had been a presentation for the Palo Alto Unified School
District.

Ms. Alvarado stated this was the public meeting.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if the Council could ask to be part of
the sale process in order to review proposals that would complement the
type of interest the City had of keeping it a public facility site.

Ms. Alvarado explained the City was not typically part of the process. She
indicated they could include the City on information sent to Washington,
D.C.

Council Member Shepherd explained the City prepared zones to build what
it wanted and to support what it wanted. She knew the Council had been
looking at public facility sites. She wanted to understand if there was a
way the City could become part of that process. She asked if the building
was in good condition or was it being sold as-is.

Ms. Alvarado indicated that a building assessment would be disclosed to
the buyer. She had checked the response line and there were no roof
leaks. She suggested asking the station manager who was present. She
explained the appraisal would provide a good idea of the condition of the
building.




                                     14                         02/21/2012
