                      DRAFT MINUTES
sounded like something the City should become more aware of in
terms of zoning.

Council Member Burt asked if at a subsequent time there were
new recommendations that a daycare center was not an
appropriate use if the use would be grandfathered in.

Mr. Williams said he thought it probably would be grandfathered
in, but yielded to the City Attorney regarding if they could have a
condition that informed them that if the regulations changed
there was some period of time.

Council Member Burt said that he would not, but could cite
numerous zoning changes that arose from the recognition of
hazards that were historically thought to be acceptable and no
longer were acceptable. He said that the City had incompatible
uses as a result. He thought the Council Members needed to ask
themselves what happened if at a subsequent time there was
such a regulation or a guideline. He asked for the City Attorney’s
comments.

City Attorney, Molly Stump said that high voltage power lines
crossed the State and existed in a variety of communities that
were well built out. Presumably the issue would be faced in many
communities if the concern developed in the future. She said
that Council Member Burt was correct to point out that standards
and understanding of science changed and it was difficult to know
when or where changes might occur. She thought Planning
Director William’s comment was interesting. She asked if Council
wanted to suggest or try to anticipate that this could be one such
area. She did not know what it meant for the Applicant in terms
of its pursuing the site, given the level of uncertainty that was a
condition that the City wanted to place as a local land use matter
contingent on some unknown future action taken by the County,
State, or Federal government. She said one would anticipate that
without some type of condition like that then the City would be in


                                                                   Page 36 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
