and the Postal Service could provide the same retail services in a 3,500
square foot footprint. By relocating into a right-sized facility, she stated
they could have an annual savings of over $100,000 a year, mainly in
utility and maintenance costs. She explained over a ten year period, they
saved over $1 million from just one building in Palo Alto, which was why
they were doing this everywhere. She stated Palo Alto currently had six
retail sites. She noted they typically considered sites within 2 1/2 miles,
but this would push the Hamilton Station into another facility, so they
didn't want to do that. She said they had an asset manager assigned to
the project, and all dispositions were operated from the facility's
headquarters. She reported due diligence meant ordering appraisals,
surveys and internal documents, and they were contracting for a historical
consultant. She stated the Postal Service understood the importance of
keeping the characteristics of the historical building. She indicated that the
historical consultant would be working closely with the State Historical
Preservation Officer (SHIPO) to define the covenants and restrictions on
the historical building, and the covenants and restrictions would be placed
on the deed for whoever purchased the facility. She reported the next
steps were to obtain a local broker as the Postal Service had a national
contract with CB Richard Ellis. She said they would advertise the property
for sale, at which point they would determine qualifications and obtain a
best and final offer. She stated it was important to know this proposal was
contingent upon locating an acceptable buyer and finding an acceptable
relocation space.

Mr. Wigdell stated considerations in the decision-making process were
community input. He reported the community would have an opportunity
to comment up to 15 days following the community input meeting, which
was the comment period. He said anybody could write a letter, if they
wished. He noted this particular Post Office had been located on Hamilton
Avenue for a very long time. He assured the public that any Post Office
boxes and corresponding numbers would transfer to the new location, so
the consumers would not have to change their address. He said mail
delivery would not change the results of this possible relocation of the
Hamilton Station. He noted mail delivery would not be affected at all as
letter carriers were located in a different building. He explained the Postal
Service would make a recommendation, which would be forwarded to USPS
headquarters in Washington, D.C. along with the cost analysis and any
community input. He stated headquarters would either concur with the
recommendation or make a recommendation of its own or stop the
process. He reported if the recommendation was to go forward with the
proposal, the Postal Service would notify the community of its decision and
the community would be given an opportunity to appeal to Washington,
D.C. He said they would post the instructions for appeal. He stated the
community had 15 days following the public input meeting, until March 7,
to send letters and comments to Diana Alvarado at the Pacific Facility

                                       7                           02/21/2012
