                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the drawing shown earlier was a fair
representation of what the project would look like.

Mr. Williams said it adequately represented the building design and
articulation.

Vice Mayor Scharff said when he attended the Regional Housing Needs
Allocation (RHNA) Committee meetings it was interesting was how difficult it
was to get moderate income housing built. There was a big push by RHNA
to build moderate income housing. He asked if this project would qualify as
moderate income housing under the RHNA Allocation as it was rental and
given the density.

Mr. Williams thought it did. He said the Council would see it in the Housing
Element. The Housing Community Development Department (HCD) was
looking for densities that were over 20 units per acre as affordable units. He
thought they were giving the credit when the density was at that level and
the project had 40 units per acre.

Council Member Klein said Mr. Moss quoted Mr. Larkin as saying,
“Concession to allow housing in a zone where housing normally is prohibited
can be met by following a fraction of the number of requested units.” He
asked if that was correct.

Don Larkin, Assistant City Attorney, said he did not recall saying that. He
thought there was a misunderstanding. Some communities had set what
was allowable by right as a concession and then if an Applicant asked for a
concession beyond what the community set, then they had to show a
justification for the concession. He thought that was what Mr. Moss was
referring to.

Council Member Klein asked Mr. Larkin what they could do that evening.

Mr. Larkin said the way the density bonus law worked was that an Applicant
could request a concession and then they had to make a minimal showing
that the concession was necessary to provide the level of affordable housing
proposed. The Applicant in this project did that with the prior project, but
then the burden shifted to the City to show that the concession was not
required in order to provide the housing. The City had not done that and
would probably need to conduct a study to show that the concession was not
required in order to provide the level of affordable housing that was being
proposed.


                                                                        Page 26 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
