    Mr. Williams reported Staff was considering the incubator, innovation-type
    concept. He didn't think that necessarily excluded other R&Ds, but Staff did
    want to create something specific to researching and developing products as
    opposed to office space.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked if clean rooms would be allowed.

    Mr. Williams answered that was permitted under the current designation
    and would be encouraged.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked if light manufacturing would be allowed.

    Mr. Williams thought the areas identified as LI did allow light manufacturing;
    the RO designation did not. He stated the areas near Loral on Fabian Way
    and the areas currently south of San Antonio allowed that, while the other
    areas were currently limited to research and office uses.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked what incentives were being offered to people to
    put together parcels, and if Staff was concerned about that at this point.

    Mr. Williams indicated Staff would prefer incentives, and thought the
    development could be better accommodated through parcel consolidations,
    in that it would allow some flexibility to have open spaces and parking
    sharing. Staff thought this was necessary if the owners wanted to achieve
    the higher Floor Area Ratio. He stated the primary incentive would be tying
    the higher Floor Area Ratios to the type of development.

    Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if the parcels were 5,000 or 10,000 square feet.

    Mr. Williams stated the ones around the East Meadow Circle were larger
    than that.

    Vice Mayor Scharff asked whether property owners would receive a larger
    FAR with parcels of a certain size, or would they not be able to utilize that
    FAR unless they had a bigger parcel, and how big would the parcel need to
    be.

    Mr. Williams didn't know what the threshold would be, but he thought there
    would be a combination. He thought there would be some threshold, but
    not merging parcels would allow setbacks to encroach from multiple sides of
    a smaller parcel. Combining parcels would have perimeter setbacks and
    allow use of more of the site.




                                    10                  February 13, 2012 
 
