Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Shepherd that
Saturday should be scheduled only if really needed. She suggested these
could be Monday night meetings, if agendas could be managed to have an
extra Council meeting. She wanted them to be Action Items and not Study
Sessions.    She stated if Staff were to provide Action Items from the
discussions, they needed to have clear guidance from the Council on what to
provide. She said they needed to have them listed as action meetings.

Council Member Burt envisioned the Council having one more retreat-type
meeting, followed by meetings that would be action oriented; although, the
retreat would be agendized so that it would enable the Council to take
action. He suggested the Council think about integrating Infrastructure in
the other Priorities, because the Council would look disjointed if it didn't
have a deliberate effort.        He thought it was a mistake not setting
Infrastructure as a Priority. He said a key goal under City Finances was
developing an Infrastructure Finance Plan; under Emergency Preparedness
were flood control issues, which were major issues to the community that
were both Infrastructure and Emergency Preparedness related, and the
Public Safety Building; and, under Land Use & Transportation, the Council
could include the Cubberley discussion, the Municipal Services Center (MSC)
and perhaps other IBRC elements. He thought if the Council didn't make a
deliberate effort to fit an overriding priority into the existing Priority
structure, it would look disjointed. He feared the Council had backed into
that, and thought this was a means to integrating Infrastructure into the
other Five Priorities since the Council didn't choose to call it a Priority.

Council Member Price asked if seating could be arranged at the next retreat
so that Council Members' backs weren't to the public and Staff.

Council Member Espinosa was fine with the meetings and suspected they
would continue through the year. He thought having some actionable and
some not made sense. He stated the way the conversation was structured
by the Report and by the Commission, to tee up some considerations and
decisions, was helpful. He wasn't sure that was exactly the categories and
the framework that Council would want throughout the year, because of
politics, timelines and a potential ballot. In thinking about this first half, he
encouraged the Mayor and Vice Mayor to think through what other factors
might be out there, such as timing related to Cubberley and conversations
with the School District, and a whole host of other outside factors. He said it
was easy for the Council to take just the pieces discussed by the
Commission. He encouraged the Mayor and Vice Mayor to put on the front
burner those other factors when they were thinking through this timeline of
retreats.


                                    11                    January 21, 2012 
 
