                               MINUTES
     c. Technology enhancements, such as gate controls, parking space
        identification systems, and parking permit processing
        improvements, etc.;
     d. Zoning studies and revisions, including study of the downtown cap
        on nonresidential space, the use of bonuses and transfer rights,
        variable parking ratios for office uses, and how to treat non-
        conforming parking sites; and
     e. Evaluate paid parking options.

Mayor Yeh said he met with residents that were the strongest proponents of
the RPP program and shared with them that he could not support an RPP
program in isolation. He felt it was moving a problem around and his
greatest concern was that the neighbors not in the trial zone would be
negatively impacted for the duration of the pilot. He thought the energy
could be more positively channeled to maintain the urgency that was
identified in the problem and focus on a systemic and comprehensive
solution and to move forward as quickly as possible. He acknowledged that
there was a problem and he lived in the Evergreen neighborhood where they
looked to College Terrace for having created a problem across El Camino
Real in Evergreen. That was the kind of issue that he did not like. He
wanted to focus more on a great set of solutions and evaluations.

Council Member Holman said that she was supportive of finding relief for the
neighborhood but was not comfortable with what was brought to Council.
She said that Staff’s time was not a wasted effort, but the RPP was not
ready for trial.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO INCLUDE: 1) parking exemptions, 2) a
Transportation Demand Management Program, and 3) to direct Staff to look
at underutilized private parking garages.

Council Member Holman said that there were parking garages in the
downtown area that were underutilized during both the daytime and in the
evening. She suggested Staff speak to the property owners to see how the
garages could be better utilized.

Mayor Yeh agreed with Council Member Holman’s additions.

Council Member Holman believed that the intention was for Staff to report
back in six months. She did not want the business community or residents
to feel that this was something that would continue for an unlimited amount
of time. She wanted a report in six months.

                                                                      Page 37 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 7/16/12
