                                MINUTES
Mayor Yeh associated himself with comments for Option A. The flexibility of
bollards was important. The design of the roadway acknowledged concerns
regarding speed.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-6 Holman, Schmid yes, Burt absent

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Burt absent

10.   Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation to Pursue a Carbon-
      Neutral Electric Portfolio and Develop a Plan by December 2012.

Senior Resource Planner, Monica Padilla reported in 2007 the City Council
adopted a Climate Protection Plan for the City which established community-
wide greenhouse gas emission reduction goals. In March 2011, the City
Council approved the latest version of the Long-Term Electric Acquisition
Plan which, among other things, directed Staff to review requirements to
implement a carbon-neutral portfolio for the Electric Supply Portfolio. In
December 2011, Staff presented the results of a preliminary analysis to the
Utility Advisory Commission (UAC) and asked them to support a
recommendation to develop a plan to achieve carbon neutrality. The UAC
supported that recommendation. In March 2012, the Finance Committee
(FC) expressed its support of achieving carbon neutrality for the electric
portfolio. Specifically the FC asked Staff to consider adopting a 100 percent
clean electric portfolio. The preliminary analysis reviewed many different
portfolio options and assumed the City could achieve a certain level of the
Renewable Portfolio Standard by 2020 and achieve certain levels of energy
efficiency based on ten-year energy efficiency goals.          Based on those
assumptions, the City could achieve carbon neutrality at minimal rate
impacts in the range of 5 percent. Given that, Staff decided to move
forward with the recommendation to develop a carbon-neutral plan. That
plan would define goals for carbon neutrality; set a timeframe for achieving
carbon neutrality; recommend acquisition and portfolio management
strategies; identify cost, rate, and bill impacts to ratepayers; assess the risk
and cost uncertainties of achieving this type of portfolio; identify an
implementation plan; and recommend modifications to the Palo Alto Green
Program.     Staff was in the process of defining carbon neutrality and
reviewing portfolio options. If the Council directed Staff to develop a plan,
Staff would present recommendations for a definition of carbon neutrality
and portfolio options to pursue; obtain community input in the next few
months to determine customers' willingness to pay for further climate impact
reduction efforts; and refine the analysis based on the options and definition
that the Council approved. In December, Staff hoped to recommend a plan
to the Council.

                                                                          Page 13 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/21/12
