                       DRAFT MINUTES
would move forward to other proposed Guiding Principles.                     He
asked if the Council wanted to do so.

Council Member Burt suggested that he had heard items fairly
close to consensus and that the Mayor should read off what he
thought he heard and then delegate it to the three Council
Members of the CPAC to finalize the language and bring to the
Council agenda for the following Monday.

Council Member Klein said that if the School Board was
considering the Guiding Principles on the 24th they should have
the Council’s final copy before that meeting. Therefore the
Council would need to have it done by the 16th or the 23rd, but he
thought the 23rd was late.

Rachel Samoff said she ran the children’s preschool center at
Cubberley.       She was encouraged by the commitment to
transparency as there was interest in the community on
Cubberley and many people had critical interests in the process.
She discussed the importance of maintaining the variety of
activities at this critical piece of infrastructure. She said that this
had potential to be a really exciting process and she looked
forward to participating in the project.

Diane Reklis said she moved to Palo Alto just before the
Cubberley High School closed and she was deeply involved in
defining the lease and covenant along with Council Member Klein.
She said her grandson attended the Cubberley nursery school.
There was the potential for a very good process for the project.
She suggested they discuss a 20 year time frame to better plan
needs for schools. The proposed list of committee members
included 4 PTA representatives, 1 City/School Traffic person, and
16 others representing various other neighborhoods, committees,
and stakeholders.     She did not see a balance between the
education specific people and the 16 others if more than half of
the site would end up as schools. She thought they needed more


                                                                      Page 55 of 73
                                                       City Council Special Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes 4/9/12
