                                MINUTES
begun discussing the consequences of having an employee base different
from other cities, which explained but did not eliminate the problem.

Council Member Holman indicated an agreed language change on page 4
regarding a prohibitive exit cost.

Mr. Perez agreed. Withdrawal from CalPERS was allowed; however, it was
costly.

Council Member Holman noted a format change for the chart at the bottom
of page 7; the years on the left should be in descending order to be
consistent. She asked if the response was usually a letter from the Mayor
rather than a report from Staff.

Mr. Perez responded yes.       The letter was usually prepared after Staff
received Council feedback.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to: 1) direct Staff to convert the staff report into a letter from the Mayor, 2)
attach recent colleagues memo to the letter, 3) incorporate word change on
page four from prohibited to prohibitive, and 4) clarifications to tables on
page seven as previously discussed.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Burt's comment that
the Grand Jury's analysis was good, and Staff's responses were thorough
and accurate. The responses highlighted constraints the City faced due to
participation in CalPERS.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt Staff's explanation of the City's high unfunded
liability per capita was good. He too was surprised that the Grand Jury was
unaware of the constraints of CalPERS regulations. He did not understand
the column entitled Unfunded Liability/Active Employee or Retiree Combined
in the table on page 7, even after Staff explained it, and suggested it would
not be helpful to the Grand Jury.

Mr. Ramberg stated Staff would add more description to the response.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired about the pertinence of the table.

Mr. Perez explained the table was used to suggest a comparison by retiree
and active employees rather than per capita. Given the added services
provided by Palo Alto, it was too complex to compare cities based on per
capita.


                                                                          Page 23 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/4/12
