ten-year period to get on the right track for maintaining facilities and assets.
Keep-up annual costs were the amounts spent in both the Operating and
Capital Budgets for maintenance. The IBRC report identified a $600,000 gap
in the CIP portion and a $1.6 million gap in the operating portion on an
annual basis for planning purposes. He had included in the Proposed Budget
for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013 the addition of $2.2 million to meet that
recommendation. If the Council could retain that $2.2 million in the Budget
for the first year, it would set itself on a path to keeping up with the projects
that needed to be done. The City had a backlog of $41.5 million to fund
over a ten-year period. As far as a backlog of existing assets that needed to
be brought up to standard, the City was in better shape and closing that gap
seemed to be within reach. The next piece was the new projects, and that
was the big cost area. New projects included in the IBRC recommendations
were: a new Public Safety Building at a potential cost of $65 million, a
Municipal Services Center replacement project with significant cost sharing
by the Enterprise Funds, a bike bridge, and other issues. In addition, the
Council needed to consider new projects and additional needs, such as the
bike plan, Cubberley, and a Regional Water Quality Control Plant. If the
Council could add $2.2 million yearly to the Operating Budget on an ongoing
basis for keep-up, the City would not perpetuate the decline in existing
assets. The problem was funding catch-up of $41 million over ten years to
close the gap. The City had a host of needs; some immediate and some of
unknown cost. The questions were how to prioritize and fund these projects.
He asked the Council to think about the interrelationship between achieving
the keep-up recommendation of $2.2 million and fixing the catch-up piece of
$41 million.

Joe Saccio, Assistant Director Administrative Services, stated the handout
was a primer on revenues, taxes, and commonly used debt instruments.
The Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) was last increased in 2007, and the
current rate was 12 percent. Staff projected an $8.7 million revenue stream
for the current fiscal year. A one percent increase in the tax could raise
revenue by $723,000, not considering economic influences or competition.
San Francisco had a rate of 14 percent, and most communities were in the
10 percent range. Taxes were one way to fund catch-up, and could also be
used for some of the debt instruments. The last increase in the Utility Users
Tax was in 1987, when it was increased to 5 percent. A general election was
required to increase the rate. Staff projected $10.7 million in revenue in the
current year. San Francisco had a very high Utility Users Tax Utility Users
Tax, but only on commercial entities; San Jose and Redwood City were at 5
percent. Some surrounding jurisdictions were at 3 percent or below. The
Documentary Transfer Tax rate was $3.30 per $1,000 of assessed value for
the City and $1.10 for the County, for a total of $4.40 per $1,000 of
assessed value. The tax was generally shared 50/50 between the purchaser
and seller in Palo Alto. A $1 increase in the rate would increase revenue by
$1.4 million, and a $2 increase would generate approximately $3 million.

                                       10                            4/30/2011
