                               MINUTES

Juanita Gonzales, local business owner, stated patrons from her business
have not had a problem with parking, but taking away a park to put in a
parking lot was not beneficial.

Marilyn Mayo supported all the other speakers and said California Avenue
was an epicenter of activity. The congestion of cars prevented street
cleaners from cleaning. There were other locations people could use for
parking.

Bob Moss stated Public and Private Partnerships were of interest to him but
this project was a disaster, due to the costs outweighing the profits. He said
this project might add some jobs, but would also increase housing. He
added that the project was on a toxic site and concluded by saying that
putting a garage in this area would allow the public to have access to the
Public Safety Building.

Aram James stated the project was underserved by other community
services. He stated that having a Public Safety Building would increase
traffic by increasing the number of workers.

Jessica Roth said she was a business owner on California Avenue. She
stated that the possibility for another park was not needed, since there was
already one. She thought the 6000 square foot building would be too small
for the volume of traffic in the area.

Oral Communications

Wynn Grcich hoped that people would vote “yes” on Proposition 37. She
stated that there were 50 other countries that label genetically modified
foods and outlined bad repercussions for consuming such foods. She spoke
about fluoride content and cited a Material Service Data Sheet that gave
information about the misuse of chemicals in food and water.

Michael Francois stated that on August 14th a Harvard study confirmed that
Fluoride was bad for children. He said it lowered people’s I.Q.’s and has
some lead and arsenic in it. He mentioned a movie called “Professional
Perspectives” that illustrated the bad repercussions for fluoride usage.

Shelley Chu was a resident of College Terrace. She remarked on traffic
problems near College Avenue and how many children and bikers use these
areas. She mentioned Boden Avenue and said cars were often accelerating.
She, and other residents, were requesting a speed hump at Boden Avenue.
                                                                         Page 4 of 10
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/10/12
