Mr. Bartel said in actuality the normal cost would be lower although that was
not the amortization component. To clarify, whether the City accepted an
open or closed amortization rate, the new tier employees had little to no
impact on the current amortization number; the impact would be on the
Rate of Accrual not the payment on the un-funded liability.

Council Member Burt said there were two alternatives presented the fixed
closed amortization and the open rolling amortization. He asked why there
was not an alternative based upon the interest.

Mr. Bartel said the firm had the information for a third alternative although
since the majority of their clients amortized the un-funded liability as a level
percentage of pay they did not include it. An amortization that was a level
percentage of pay with a 7.50 percent investment return assumption on a
30-year amortization, the first year would be approximately six percent on
the balance. Interest would accrue at 7.50 and the payment was six percent
of the balance leaving a negative amortization until the City was below 20
years on the 30-year amortization period.

Council Member Burt said with the fixed closed amortization the probability
to payoff the liability was high within the 30-year period and an open rolling
amortization was basically a reverse mortgage with the City paying less than
the interest. Assuming there would always be an interest payment, Palo Alto
did not want to go further into debt they; wanted to pay more interest
amount without necessarily taking on the principle. He asked why that was
not an option.

Mr. Bartel said the numbers would roughly be 7.75 percent of the un-funded
liability of approximately $134 million. With that option the payment grew
from $8.4 million to $10 million and there would be a contribution decrease
as a percentage of pay.

Council Member Burt said he would be interested in reviewing that option in
more detail as an alternative.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked for clarification on the process where the money
was placed in a Trust account, then the money was taken to pay the Retiree
Medical on a cash flow basis as it became due.

Mr. Bartel confirmed yes, that was the current process.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked how much would be owed for the current year, on
a cash flow basis.



                                       9                           01/30/2012
