Mr. Keene felt $1.2 million was on the low end of the median home sale
price. Staff had not factored in commercial real estate sales, which could be
significantly more. When a property was sold, it was reassessed at the
market value and the Documentary Transfer Tax was paid on that value.

Council Member Holman suggested the average and mean sale prices in Palo
Alto were critical to informed decisions, because that would indicate the
amount of revenue generated by a tax increase. She asked if the City had
issued COPs twice in the past.

Mr. Saccio answered yes.

Council Member Holman inquired what the experience had been with COPs in
1992 and 1998 in terms of having increased revenues to cover the load.

Mr. Saccio reported the 1998 COP was for the golf course, and revenue
streams from the golf course were meant to pay the debt service. If the
economy faltered and golf course revenues decreased, the General Fund
would have to supplement the revenue stream. Revenues from the golf
course had covered debt service. The COP in 2002 was for Civic Center
improvements. He did not recall a new revenue stream to pay for that. If
the Council chose to issue COPs, it would need to either reallocate resources
to pay the debt service or determine a new revenue stream.

Council Member Holman did not consider increasing sales tax as a solution.
She asked for an update on the challenge to the Utility Users Tax, and
whether that would influence the amount of revenue.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported Staff had advised the Council about
those types of legal risks. There was active litigation related to the Utility
Users Tax. She could update the Council confidentially in the next few days.

Council Member Holman noted the potential Post Office acquisition was
outside of new projects. She asked if Staff had evaluated a potential cost
savings in moving Staff from rented office space to the Post Office.

Mr. Emslie reported Staff had not identified an end user and was
concentrating on obtaining essential information to make a credible offer.
Moving Staff from rented facilities would greatly offset some expenses and
could eventually pay for the building. Otherwise, it was premature to
analyze savings.

Council Member Price asked if the numbers for catch-up assumed inflation
costs over ten years.



                                     13                            4/30/2011
