                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked if the definition included landfill natural gas.

Jane Ratchye, Assistant Director of Utilities, said the definition included
counting all resources.

Council Member Burt said that landfill natural gas was currently a renewable
energy source. He asked if it was counted as a net zero greenhouse gas
emission under the definition.

Ms. Ratchye said no. She told the Council to look at Attachment A to the
Staff report, which was a more detailed definition of the protocol they
proposed. It showed what could be used under the protocol as default
emissions. She stated it was page 5 of 10 of Attachment A, Table 3. She
said that hydra had zero, wind had zero, the landfill gas to energy contracts
they had would use the 38 pounds per megawatt hour, and the geothermal
used 235 pounds per megawatt hour. That was the carbon intensity of
those different resources.

Council Member Burt said during the initial discussion they asked about the
impact of the renewable portfolio. He thought the assumption at the time
was that the renewable portfolio would count for the objective. That was
why they had the discussion about if carbon neutrality was what they were
looking for. He wanted to make sure everyone understood the consequence
of that. He asked what percentage of the portfolio was either landfill or
geothermal.

Ms. Ratchye thought the landfill was probably 8 percent.

Council Member Burt said that by using the definition they were less close to
carbon neutral than they had thought during the prior discussion. He
wanted everyone to be aware of that. What they discussed before was
something that would take the City’s current hydra and current renewables
into account. He questioned what would happen with Palo Alto Green,
because that was renewable energy credits that had another estimated 15
percent to get to 100 percent clean energy. He said that they were using a
new term and that changed everything.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:           Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Scharff to refer the item to the Finance Committee.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff made a presentation to the UAC about
the issue he raised.


                                                                         Page 44 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/16/12
