Council Member Shepherd was fine with either term; although, she thought
the USPS did not want to be the deed holder on the property.

Mr. Keene stated discussions of proposals with price and terms could be
appropriate for Closed Session with the Council. Staff understood the
intent of the Motion was to be directive and illustrative rather than
prescriptive of everything to be considered. He thought Staff understood
they were to bring back a range of options and possibilities for
consideration. He suggested the Council not try to identify every possible
scenario, but keep it open-ended.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to bookmark the discussion so the USPS
would understand the City was interested in keeping the Postal Service
Downtown. She thought this would allow the USPS to meet changing
needs and keep public facility space at the highest and best use.

Council Member Espinosa supported the Motion. He was interested in
preserving the building and honoring it and its context within the street
and Downtown while thinking creatively about the maximum use of the
remainder of the space. He thought there were some unique opportunities
given the parking lots and the shape and structure of the building.

Mayor Yeh asked Staff when this Item would return to the Agenda so that
members of the public would be aware of additional opportunities for
comment.

Mr. Keene indicated the timeframe was constrained given the schedule the
Postal Service had noted. He noted there would be opportunity for Closed
Sessions, and anticipated an Open Session between now and the time of
submitting a proposal. He stated there would be at least one more public
meeting before the May timeframe identified by the Postal Service
representatives.

Mayor Yeh recalled the USPS was required to have one public meeting, and
stated an open meeting under the auspices of the City of Palo Alto would
be open to USPS participation.

Council Member Price thought it would be useful for the Council to
understand the impact of this on Staff's work plan.

Mr. Keene stated this was an important step and a wise move by the
Council. He argued that the City's interest in being a potential bidder
strengthened the City position as it related to maintenance of the existing
PF zoning on that location.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

                                     20                         02/21/2012
