                      DRAFT MINUTES
and that they wanted each party to be open and sympathetic to
the perspective and concerns of the other. In other words, they
would not set what the ratio was or the balance, but that there
was recognition that both parties had interests that needed to be
addressed.

Council Member Schmid agreed. He said that Guiding Principle
Number 7 was brought up by Council Member Holman. He
assumed what Guiding Principle Number 7 meant was during
2012 for the current meetings of the CAC and the CPAC that they
would share equal costs.

Mr. Emslie said that was true and that as they moved into more
specific negotiations they would identify City costs and PAUSD
costs. He said that the City would want its own advisors.

Council Member Schmid suggested they say through 2012.

Mr. Emslie said he thought they would agree to that.

Council Member Schmid said that Guiding Principle Number9 was
important regarding school capacity as a significant citywide
issue. He suggested adding “school quality and capacity.” He
stated that one third of the City’s revenue was from property
taxes and that had grown twice as fast as any other revenue
source. Much of that came from young families filling displaced
housing in the community. He thought stating that the City had
an interest not just in the number of classrooms, but in the
quality of schools was an important City statement. Guiding
Principle Number 12, “representatives on the CPAC shall provide
regular reports,” the question was raised and a statement made
that they would determine what the regular reports were. He
was concerned that the reports would be lost, much as with the
Mitchell Park Library reports had been. They had set up a system
calling for monthly reports on the library. The report received
that evening was the second one in three or four months and was
on the consent calendar. He was concerned that the Cubberley
                                                                 Page 48 of 73
                                                  City Council Special Meeting
                                                         Draft Minutes 4/9/12
