                      DRAFT MINUTES
MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item No. 14: 7-1 Holman no,
Scharff absent

17a. (Former Agenda Item No. 13) Recommendation From Policy
     & Services to Approve Labor Guiding Principles.

Council Member Shepherd said the labor Guiding Principles were
important and the Finance Committee did not have the
opportunity to discuss. The minutes related to Guiding Principle
Number 2, read “the City should be able to meet the costs of any
compensation commitment from current and projected ongoing
City revenues.” She knew that they discussed the concept about
not having to reduce services in order to be able to reach this,
and she asked if there was any consideration of putting
something to that effect into the principle.

City Manager, James Keene suggested she read Number 1 as a
Guiding Principle in conjunction with Number 2. He said that
stated that their essential purpose was driven by services
provided to the public and the linkage of compensation ultimately
to supporting that primary ability.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that Mr. Keene felt that they
did not need to reiterate that in Guiding Principle Number 2.

Mr. Keene said if and when the Council adopted the Guiding
Principles as a whole her point would be achieved.

Council Member Shepherd said there were many things that could
be read into with any compensation commitment with current and
projected ongoing City revenues. She hoped they would not have
to pit it against an item that they would have to collapse in order
to afford a labor contract.       She said that Guiding Principle
Number 2 was not clear. On Guiding Principle Number 3, the
timing of negotiations read “The City shall” and then there was a
comment “to the maximum extent possible.” She asked if there
was a reason why they put “to the maximum extent possible
                                                                   Page 13 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
