                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to respond to the Grand Jury that
unless the issue of vested rights is reexamined in California the question
posed by the Grand Jury, “Is the cost of providing pension and other post-
employment benefits interfering with the delivery of essential City services
and is the ultimate cost to the taxpayers a bearable burden?” will be
answered in affirmative for the foreseeable future.

MOTION SEPARATED FOR THE PURPOSE OF VOTING: Mayor Yeh
requested the Motion be bifurcated to allow a separate vote for the
following: To direct Staff to respond to Grand Jury that unless the issue of
vested rights is reexamined in California the question posed by the Grand
Jury, “Is the cost of providing pension and other post-employment benefits
interfering with the delivery of essential City services and is the ultimate
cost to the taxpayers a bearable burden?” will be answered in affirmative for
the foreseeable future.

Council Member Price felt there were too many elements to consider without
additional information.

Council Member Burt understood the Incorporation to state a reality rather
than advocating a position.

Council Member Schmid asked Vice Mayor Scharff to repeat the specific
question posed by the Grand Jury.

Vice Mayor Scharff replied "Is the cost of providing pension and other post-
employment benefits interfering with the delivery of essential city services
and is the ultimate cost to the taxpayer a bearable burden."

Council Member Schmid suggested including the entire question in the
Amendment.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed to include the entire language.

Council Member Burt suggested changing the language to "unless vested
rights are reexamined."

Council Member Klein favored the Incorporation. The operative word was
reexamined. The Council was not taking a position on a particular solution.
Drastically increasing employee contribution to benefits was not in anyone's
interest. The alternative was to change vested rights to reduce long-term
obligations of cities and the State.



                                                                        Page 29 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/4/12
