                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman said that was basically her question. She said that
there was a line item for Stanford fill with a cost of $325,000. She asked if
that was really a cost to the City because she thought Stanford was paying
them to take the soil.

Mr. Richardson said that when they prepared the options they showed the
cost to relocate the soil once it was delivered to the site. They never
received an answer on how much the contractor was willing to compensate
the City to take the soil, even though there were several meetings. Absent
that information it was hard to put the equation together of whether it would
be a net income to the City or a cost. They concluded through a study done
by the construction management consultant that there was a $5-6 per yard
savings to Stanford’s contractor to the City to get the soil. Under that
scenario there was a $2-3 cost per yard to move it and $5-6 per yard of
income to receive it, but they could not state that because they did not
received the $5-6 number from the Stanford contractor. What they had said
when the question came up at the Finance Committee was that if they
brought in soil it would be a wash in the worst case scenario and at best
case a $2-3 per yard revenue. It was not a question that could be answered
until the City received an accurate number from Stanford.

Council Member Price asked if the probable costs in the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) review had included the full cost of that
recovery. She saw “additional environmental consulting” and believed it said
$40,000 for Option G. She asked if they fully reflected the anticipated cost
of the environmental review.

Mr. Richardson said they had.      The number was sought from the
environmental consultant who had been to the site and was for the golf
course reconfiguration, not the San Francisquito Creek work which was
separate. The parking, clubhouse, and entryway were not part of the base
plan for Option G.

Council Member Price said on the topic of lighting they could gain
information from Twin Creeks in Sunnyvale in terms of their lighting
standards and how they dealt with that on their fields. She asked if they
had happened upon any burrowing owls. She knew that was an issue and
then they would have to develop a habitat.

Mr. De Geus said no.

Council Member Price hoped they did not find burrowing owls because that
was an issue at Twin Creeks.

                                                                       Page 21 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
