                               MINUTES
use development for the office space and towers.        Having a home for
TheatreWorks was a public benefit.

Virginia Saldich felt the project would generate additional traffic.          The
Council should consider developments that met zoning regulations.

Patricia Ward-Dolkas urged the Council to consider the comprehensive
infrastructure impact of the project. None of the impacts were included in
the project analysis.      The project did not meet community values,
aesthetics, or the City process.

Paul Ward-Dolkas opposed additional large buildings.       Additional traffic
would be a disaster. He urged the Council to stop the process.

Holly Ward applauded Staff for leading the process. The theatre building
was designed to meet TheatreWorks' needs.            The process was just
beginning, and there would be opportunities for public input.

Robert Kelley, Artistic Director of TheatreWorks stated Mr. Arrillaga's gift
was as important as Lucie Stern's gift many years ago. It would provide a
world-class theatre, link Palo Alto and Stanford, and provide an improved
transit hub.

Anne Ercolani asked why the Council did not set the criteria for an A&I
District before asking for proposals. The public benefit was not as great as
the private benefit. The proposed improvements for circulation around the
Caltrain station seemed to be offset by increased traffic and parking
problems. She urged the Council to vote against Staff's Recommendations.

Michael Griffin did not understand how streets could support additional
traffic. Additional trains would result in longer vehicle waits at crossings.
The project was massive, invasive and expensive, and would not provide
value or benefit to the average citizen.

Elaine Meyer suggested the Council not support the project.

Stephanie Munoz indicated the project was unreasonable.       She suggested
the property be used for low-income housing.

Richard Landes stated most tall buildings mentioned in the presentation had
been constructed prior to the 50-foot height limit. Traffic was a problem
without adding to it.


                                                                       Page 24 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
