the outset. The Applicant was open to looking at other ways to address
community concerns and he hoped that they could find a design that would
work. He knew that this remained a large and tall building, but thought that it
was a gateway building with the opportunity to have outstanding design. He
stated he would trade off some concerns over height and mass for other
values to the community.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that he seconded the Motion for discussion purposes.
He agreed with much of what Council Member Burt said, but wanted
clarification on some items. He felt the Motion was a good starting point. If
the design was not changed he questioned why Council could not make some
decisions that evening.

Council Member Burt answered that it would be bad process. He said that the
Applicant came forward with good intentions and went to the neighborhood
with a proposal on funding a downtown parking permit program. He said that
there was not a City Council determination on that policy. That was part of
the reason he had a broader description of the measures that would be used
to reduce the overflow parking impacts. Second, he said that Council was
looking at making very substantial changes to a project that went through the
City’s system for over a year. He thought that the Council did not make good
decisions that way.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that Council received many e-mails on the PC and
there was fear in the community and feelings that there were not benefits.
He thought that was a struggle with the project. He said that the PC had to
be a positive benefit. It was missing 103 parking spaces, which was a lot of
parking spaces. That made the situation worse, not better. He found it hard
to support a PC in which things would not get better. He said the Applicant
needed to solve that issue. He said he gave the Applicant credit for the
transit oriented development, but only 20 Percent. It went back to the 58
spaces in his mind. He could support a higher number, but he thought the
Applicant needed to pay an In Lieu fee on the 58 spaces. He said that he did
not believe the notion that the Applicant would not get a return. He recalled
what Council Member Klein said about the office space increasing from 17,000
to 49,000 square feet. Office space was worth at least $1,000 a square foot
when it cost $500-600 a square foot. He said that there was an extra value of
$15 to $20 million for that extra square footage. He said that he did not
believe that it was impossible to fully park the project. He felt it was really
important to show the community that the Council would not make the
parking issue worse by doing the PC. If the PC did not make the parking
worse, then he thought it was valuable. One of the public benefits was having
a large office building next to transit because it reduced trips, greenhouse
gasses, and moved the City in the direction of getting people out of their cars.
As Council Member Espinosa discussed, having a policy that punished people
                                   39                    March 12, 2012
