                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt was prepared to offer a Motion that would focus the
discussion. A discussion of various aspects and details of the project could
not be accomplished at the current time.

Mr. Keene reported there were no time limits for the project, and the Council
could discuss it at length. Clearly, another meeting would be needed for the
discussion. One consideration was the new Council taking office in January
2013. There were many misunderstandings about intentions and motives.
The Palo Alto process had many layers and opportunities for public
meetings. Staff needed some direction to have a meeting with the new
Council.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman not to go forward with a request for the City Attorney to draft ballot
measure language for Council consideration for the June election, to direct
Staff to proceed on Master Plan variations for the site with guidelines for
Staff to begin to develop two different alternatives compatible with the
downtown urban design in both the architectural style, mass, and scale and
other urban design features to include as the anchor to the Master Plan a
theatre design, and a public process of review of those alternatives that
would include at least two community meetings in addition to the Board and
Commission meetings, and request Staff to return with a plan for proceeding
under these guidelines.

Council Member Burt did not believe the office component to the project
should be more than 4-5 stories. He was interested in the site for a
visionary outcome, driven by community values and consistent with the
Downtown urban fabric. The Council would have to review a variety of
impacts and issues. He encouraged the public to read the "frequently asked
questions" portion of the City's website regarding the project. Key was
moving the process and potential outcomes in a constructive direction. The
best method for the Council to move toward a well-designed outcome
supported by the community was to invest in the Palo Alto process. The
Council should determine a Master Plan and then inquire whether a
developer was interested in building within the framework of the Master
Plan.

Council Member Holman stated this was not the time to present a ballot
measure to the community, because there was not information for the public
to be informed. The current proposal was overly ambitious. She felt Mr.
Arrillaga would stay attuned to the process and build a project
complementary to his legacy and to Palo Alto.


                                                                       Page 26 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
