Council Member Burt inquired whether spay and neuter services at the
Animal Services Center was full cost recovery.

Ms. Stadler answered yes; it was full direct cost recovery.

Council Member Burt asked if the City could consider contracting with local
vets if spay and neuter services were not offered by SVACA.

Mr. Keene replied that was possible.

Council Member Holman inquired if this could be on the next Policy &
Services Committee Agenda, since there was not much additional
information.

Mr. Keene reported there were two items on the April 10th meeting, which
was the next meeting. He indicated Staff would work with the Committee
Chair on that.

Council Member Shepherd felt the RFP was a fishing expedition for
information. She thought the Council should be able to determine costs, if
services were outsourced. She indicated it would not be worthwhile to
respond to an RFP that was issued only to gain information. She asked Staff
to explain why the Council should take the RFP seriously.
Ms. Antil thought the Council should take it seriously.      She indicated
information from an RFP would paint a compelling picture of cost savings.
She suggested the Council outsource Animal Services because of the budget
situation and long-term Infrastructure issues, whether or not it was at the
current location. She reported there were opportunities to share services
with other entities. Given budget discussions over the last few years, she
stated it was not a surprise that Staff would bring tougher and tougher
decisions to the Council. She stated it was Staff's recommendation to
outsource services.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED:              9-0

At 8:06 P.M. Council took a break and returned at 8:29 P.M.

Council Member Klein left the meeting at 8:06 P.M.

Mr. Keene reported the next section concerned the Public Safety Building
update and the Post Office update, both of which were reports of Staff's next
actions. He thought the Council could discuss those in 5 minutes. He


                                   33                    March 26, 2012
