                              MINUTES
He said one difference between the Japanese Sister City Program and the
Yangpu District Program was that Yangpu focused on internship
opportunities.    Part of the effort was to connect with several of the
companies that existed in the Stanford Research Park District and for
Yangpu to pursue opportunities with Palo Alto students, in tandem with
PAUSD. In discussions with PAUSD with regard to Yangpu China, he asked
school board members why students were learning Mandarin Chinese. Many
said they learned the language to prepare for future career opportunities.
This relationship aligned with the Youth Forum and PAUSD. He said having
different complexity levels within the Student Exchange Program, the Smart
Cities Program, and the Research Parks Program made the converge
exciting.

Council Member Shepherd mentioned Hillary Clinton, Secretary of State’s
program called 100,000 Strong, a program dedicated to bringing 100,000
youth to China. Council reached out to the Super Intendant of PAUSD in
order to connect with the Instructional Supervisors of the high schools and
with parents of the students studying Mandarin Chinese.

Dana Tom, PAUSD Board Member spoke from the perspective of a School
Board    Member      and    a    parent. He   referenced  the   Spanish
internship/partnerships and said there was not a lot of effort that was
needed to arrange the exchange. He thought it was good to speak to
parents about their level of interest in the program and the volunteer
participation options available.

Council Member Holman asked what the financial arrangement was for the
Smart Cities Conference.

Mr. Keene said they did not have that information at this time and said the
Smart Cities Program was part of combining a lot of different components of
cities in many ways, and how it was timely to be thinking of the 2014
Symposium in Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman confirmed that there was no notion of what the cost
was.

Mr. Keene said he would be coming back to Council at a later date with the
cost.

Council Member Espinosa mentioned the Neighbor’s Abroad Program and the
Sister Cities Program relationship and wanted better understanding on
where the Yangpu China relationship was headed. He talked about how the
cities connected with Palo Alto wanted an economic partnership with Palo
Alto and how that meant having nonprofit organizations run these programs.
                                                                      Page 8 of 19
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 12/17/12
