                                MINUTES
paradoxical to him to do something that made the street look worse as a
test of a beautification project. He said that if they did the trial they would
get a study showing the traffic rates. People currently disputed the traffic
service level. He asked if the Council really believed that if they did a study
about traffic down a restriped street and got different numbers they would
get agreement that the numbers were valid. He said that they should move
forward with the project.

Robert Schick said that he worked at Accent Arts at the intersection of Ash
and California Avenue for the last twelve years. Three days a week for
twelve years he observed cars and pedestrians there. California Avenue was
a thriving business district and the pedestrian load on the sidewalks
currently looked like the illustration for the preferred street alignment. He
said that the cost of the trial was grossly overstated because it was not
necessary to test if people would enjoy wider sidewalks or more trees, they
obviously would. The City simply needed to measure the amount of time it
took a car to travel the street and the amount of extra stops it made.
Future development also needed to be taken into account. He suggested
they put planters in the middle two lanes and leave the parking alone. If
they did that then they could see how it affected traffic.

Terry Shuchat said he was a property and business owner on California
Avenue. He said merchants met with five of the Council Members between
the previous Friday and that evening and hoped they got their point across.
They really wanted to see a trial. They had many doubts and nothing they
saw had proven the plan would work. If the plan worked, they were totally
in favor of the project and would work with the City Staff do develop criteria
for construction. They were not looking for a time trial, they wanted to
know what happened when a delivery vehicle parked and if cars were able to
go around. They wanted to know how long it took a car to back out of a 60
degree angled parking space as opposed to a 45 degree space. He said that
presently cars could pull out of the 45 degree space into one lane of traffic
while a second lane of traffic could continue to move. There was not
currently congestion and the merchant’s concern was that traffic would not
move as efficiently in the future with two lanes. He asked for a trial and said
they did not need the beautification along with it.

Robert Neff said he was involved with PABAC and lived in the Midtown
neighborhood. He used the underpass at California Avenue frequently;
including the previous night when he bicycled to Mollie Stone’s to purchase
dinner. He was concerned about the contraflow bike lane and was thrilled
with the new version of the plan which was more workable. There were
places where the plan could be refined further, but it was moving in the right
direction. He said that as a more aggressive bicyclist he currently rode
                                                                         Page 55 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
