all sorts of interpretations of Measure E that were never presented to voters
and that pressure tactics should not obscure their responsibilities as Council
Members to run the Enterprise Fund in a fiscally responsible manner. She
requested they complete Byxbee Park as expeditiously as possible.

Jon Leeb stated he was the owner of most of the properties along the west
side of Embarcadero Way. He expressed concern regarding a facility at the
end of the street and the traffic being proposed along Embarcadero Way. He
was also concerned about the economic impact on his property. He strongly
urged that any sort of studies be done to minimize impact be brought along
the street itself to make certain that all guidelines were being followed and
that the public would be informed of any issues. Secondly, he stated there
was an issue raised about if the sewage sludge from the treatment plant
would be treated at this facility. He said that the incinerator worked fine and
that there was no odor from the sludge that was being treated. He said that
if the sludge would actually be utilized and incorporated as part of the
composting he had major concerns over the impact to the neighborhood. He
stated the environmental impact report should study that as well.

Walt Hays said that in November 2011 more than 64% of the public
expressed a strong mandate for a deeper investigation of the possibility of
an energy and compost facility in Palo Alto.       He said that the Staff
recommendations were the logical and appropriate next step in that process.
He said that the goal was to complete a valid study and to keep all options
including composting open. In response to Emily Renzel, he said that
composting was very specifically mentioned as one of the ways of converting
waste in the initiative. He agreed with City Manager Keene that it was hard
to see how anybody could object to the Staff recommendations. He stated
they did not know what the ARI study would say or if composting would be a
part of the whole process of dealing with bio solids, food waste, and yard
trimmings. He said that we needed to find out what ARI recommended in
the way of an investigation before the option was closed. He questioned
what would happen to the equipment if composting was stopped. With
respect to smell, he stated that his understanding was that any compost
would be done in connection with the digestate from the digester and would
be covered. He stated he agreed with the Staff recommendations.

Alice Smith of 4284 Las Palos Circle said she was part of the 64% and was
part of the 99%. She said that she was proud of the Staff, and that she had
read the Staff Report. She said that the most important thing was to get an
anaerobic or logical way to use our own waste in Palo Alto. She stated she
also composted at home. She said that some could call her a zealot, but she
called herself an enthusiastic resident of Palo Alto. She expressed pride that


                                   14                     February 6, 2012
  
