                                MINUTES
implementing a carbon-neutral policy. She preferred an in-depth discussion
to determine methods for moving carbon-neutral resources into the City's
portfolio. She supported the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff referenced the alternative strategy of increasing the ten-
year electric energy efficiency goal. He wanted to ensure the design of
these programs differentiated new users who used more electricity. A two-
stage approach would be a good option. The City should not use RECs only
to achieve this. It was logical to accomplish this in 2013, and have a second
stage with more impacts by 2015.

Mr. Keene indicated the date stated was January 1, 2015, which was only
one year more than the 18-month interim step.

Council Member Espinosa associated himself with the general comments of
Council Member Klein and others. The Council needed to ensure it was
setting an example for communities across the country.

Council Member Schmid stated the definition of carbon neutral was critical,
and flexibility in goals and methods was important. He noted the discussion
at the UAC that identified a number of risk possibilities and changes in
regulations, technology, Federal and State mandates, and markets. Long-
term goals had to be flexible to take advantage of these changes. One of
the City's goals concerned electric vehicles. Policies for the electric utility
had to encourage people to move in that direction. He was not enthusiastic
about the use of RECs, allowances, credits, or offsets to achieve these goals.
It was essential to integrate Palo Alto Green into this program, so the public
could see it was a participant in this goal and program.

Council Member Holman aligned herself with Council Member comments, and
hoped the Council could move forward in an aggressive fashion to
accomplish sustainability goals.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

11.   Approval of Policy &      Services   Committee    Recommendation           on
      Infrastructure Funding.

Council Member Holman reported the Policy & Services Committee (P&SC)
voted unanimously in support of the recommendation. P&SC discussed an
election in November 2012, and concluded there was not sufficient time to
determine the best funding mechanism. P&SC had outlined a detailed
timeline for an election in 2014.

                                                                         Page 19 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
