                               MINUTES

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested Staff should plan for coffee shops and
restaurants to use the plaza for seating areas. He requested Staff consider
an entertainment venue or a lounge as technology workers had indicated a
desire for that. He would support a TDM program for the project. The
Council should ensure parking would not impact area neighborhoods.

Council Member Schmid felt language of the Motion directed Staff to proceed
with the exchange of park land, and asked if that was the intention of the
Motion.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether removing the part of the Motion
regarding the exchange of the park land would hamper the process for Staff.

Vice Mayor Scharff     suggested   following   the   language   of   the     Staff
recommendation.

Council Member Burt inquired about the process for exchanging the park
land.

Ms. Stump explained the City Charter provided the legislative body could
convey a minor portion of a park in exchange for an equal or greater area or
value without an election. The process included notice and public hearing, a
determination that the exchange was in the public interest, and adoption of
a Resolution of Discontinuance.

Council Member Burt asked for the date at which the Council would need to
provide approval to Staff for a measure to go on the March 2013 ballot.

Mr. Emslie indicated the deadline for the March 2013 ballot was 88 days
prior to the election, or the first Council meeting in December 2012.

Beth Minor, Assistant City Clerk stated the deadline would be December 3,
2012.

Council Member Burt inquired how long Staff would need to prepare an
Advisory Ballot Measure.

Ms. Stump reported the preparation of the language was not a lengthy
process, but Staff would want Council review of the language.

Council Member Burt believed the Motion directed Staff to prepare language
for the Advisory Ballot Measure. He envisioned the Council would provide
comments, Staff would return with revisions, and then the Council would
                                                                        Page 22 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/24/12
