Mr. Mahar said in cases of no communication to the community or no action
taken by the community, there were no harmful quantities that could hurt
anyone.

Council Member Shepherd noted Risk Management Professionals'
presentation indicated tests were performed as though accidents occurred
outdoors. She asked if that was the case when mixing toxins.

Mr. Mahar reported Title XIX requirements called for analysis of releases
outdoors. Separate from that requirement, Risk Management Professionals
also considered extreme scenarios of earthquakes, loss of power, and
someone deliberately mixing chemicals. Risk Management Professionals also
considered use of the scrubber system, which removed 98 percent of
material in the plating room, loss of power when the scrubbers might not
work, and use of emergency vents when power was restored.

Council Member Shepherd asked if Risk Management Professionals tested for
mixing toxins in an outside environment and the distance that would travel
to the neighbors.

Mr. Mahar answered no.

Mr. Fickett indicated Risk Management Professionals did test where these
accidents could happen.      They considered the possibility of potassium
cyanide being added to the acid tank, and tested for the distance the release
would travel from the acid tank. That release remained onsite in tests.

Vice Mayor Scharff referred to residents' comments concerning hydrogen
cyanide. He asked if Risk Management Professionals' tests indicated the
release from someone mixing two chemicals did not leave the site.

Mr. Mahar replied correct. In the scenario of mixing materials, the chemicals
could mix in the plating room only. The plating room itself was not outside,
and there was a scrubber system that removed 98.5 percent of the release.
The scrubber system operated continuously and had emergency power. It
was fair to take credit for that. If the scrubber system did not operate,
there was no place for the hydrogen cyanide to go; it stayed inside the
room. It would gradually seep out, but by that time first responders and
emergency responders would be onsite to re-establish operation of the
scrubber system, or possibly seal leakage points. Earthquake events could
cause an interruption in power, but the emergency power system was
seismically qualified to ensure the scrubber system functioned properly.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked Mr. Mahar to address the scenario in which an
earthquake occurred, the building collapsed, and chemicals mixed in the
open air.

                                     13                          04/23/2012
