                               MINUTES
approximately 10 acre El Camino Park lease nine years from 2033 to 2042.
The Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) reviewed the proposed
amendment at a public hearing on March 14, 2012 and voted in support of
the proposed amendment. They added a condition restricting land removed
from Area B to the new energy center. She said that the amendment came
down to removing one property from a development restriction nine years
early to allow Stanford to consider the site for a new energy facility in
exchange for an extension of the El Camino Park lease for nine years. Staff
supported the proposed amendment and recommended that Council approve
the proposed amendment to the Sand Hill Road Development Agreement.

Catherine Palter, Associate Director of Stanford Land Use and Environmental
Planning Office, spoke regarding the Sand Hill Road Development Agreement
which was approved by voters in 1997. The Development Agreement
allowed the extension and widening of Sand Hill Road and other related
roadways as well as the construction of 628 senior housing apartments at
Stanford West, and an additional 80,000 square feet at Stanford Shopping
Center. In addition, it dealt with the two areas up for discussion that
evening, Area B and the El Camino leases, which were at either end of the
Sand Hill Road corridor.       With Area B the City placed development
restrictions on 139 acres of Stanford land along the Sand Hill Road corridor,
which was under the jurisdiction of Santa Clara County. The restriction
included limiting the development to recreational and academic field use on
all 139 acres although also allowing housing on 39 acres in the area shown
in orange crosshatch. The Development Agreement would expire at the end
of 2020, which was in less than nine years. There were amendments to the
Area B provision, the most significant of which was in 2001 following the
GUP discussion in the year 2000. Approximately 2000 acres of the portion
of the housing site was shifted slightly within Area B. She explained that the
Development Agreement also affected some City leases along El Camino
Real. First, the El Camino Park and the Depot lease terms were extended 20
years to 2033, and the City gained determination right for the Depot lease
that was available in 2013. At the same time the City returned the Red
Cross and MacArthur Park leases to Stanford. She showed the Council what
the area currently looked like and said that the change the amendment
proposed was to remove 10.25 acres of land from Area B and allow
development to proceed nine years sooner than the Development Agreement
allowed. She said the removal would allow the site to be considered for a
replacement central energy facility for the campus and by the action that
was taken by the PTC the site could only be used for an energy facility
during the next nine years. She explained that any proposal that might
come forward would need to be consistent with the GUP in the County and
have environmental review and approval by the County. She stated that the
next part of the amendment, the parallel agreement had its genesis by the
                                                                           Page 22 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
