Council Member Burt said he wanted to put two things in context because
Council got wrapped up in looking at the proposal before them and suddenly
that became the definition of the incremental increase of a PC. He said that
historically when they looked at PC’s the projects have been much smaller
increases over permitted zoning than what was in the Substitute Motion. He
said that they were still talking about going from a 17,000 square foot
building up to a 53,000 square foot building with a significant architectural
element above the 50 foot height limit. He said that if that had been the
original proposal that would have been a conversation about how it was a big
PC. He stated they had gotten trapped into thinking this was insignificant. He
did not remember a PC that had this much of an incremental increase above
the baseline zoning. He still thought for the reasons stated that at this
location it was a reasonable thing to do. Second, he spoke to the housing
portion. He thought that by allowing a large office PC at this location it was
reasonable that they would look for a significant contribution to the Housing
Fund to be able to provide affordable housing elsewhere as an offset to the
office creation.    He thought that would serve the affordable housing
aspirations better than what had been proposed in this project. He stated
that the housing had been well intentioned, but was not a good approach in
the end.

Council Member Holman asked if the intention was to bring the project back to
Council or to send it back to PTC or ARB.

Council Member Klein said his intention was to bring it back to Council, but as
Mr. Williams said that may not be possible.

Council Member Holman said that she would rather see the project go to PTC.
She thought the direction the project was going in was an improvement. As
she stated earlier she had concerns about the environmental process and
while the project would be smaller, there were still questions she had that did
not all have to do with the size of the project. She was unable to support the
Substitute Motion because of environmental analysis concerns. She said that
this was a considerable increase in the allowable floor area ratio and she was
not certain that four stories was the right size.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:                      6-3 Holman, Price,
Shepherd no

12.   Approval Of Final Park Design for El Camino Park And Approval Of The
      Use Of $2,275,796 In Park Development Impact Fees To Fund The
      Design And Construction Of The Improvements.

13.   Consideration of a Recommendation by the CAO Committee to the City
      Council to Approve a Contract with Sherry Lund Associates for the
                                  51                    March 12, 2012
