                                MINUTES
Mr. Perez explained the method for funding the vacation payout. For those
nine employees covered by sick leave payout, the City also funded that.

Council Member Schmid stated there was another benefit that allowed
employees to use sick leave for personal business per year.

Mr. Perez indicated employees could use 20 hours per year.

Council Member Schmid inquired if that benefit could be accrued.

Mr. Perez reported the City did not pay out sick leave; therefore, it could not
be accrued with the exception of those nine employees.

Council Member Schmid asked if that benefit was listed as compensation.

Mr. Perez said it was not.      The typical annual hours were 2,080;
approximately 85 percent were productive and 15 percent non-productive.

Council Member Schmid indicated that benefit had no cost to the City.

Mr. Perez explained it could have a cost if another employee was needed to
fill the position. The majority of the time it was a productive issue. Current
employee contracts called for an artificial increase in the final year of
compensation related to pension calculation. That had been eliminated for
all labor groups.

Council Member Price would support the Motion, but was uncomfortable with
the at-will employment element.       She was concerned because the
management professional group was unrepresented.

Mayor Yeh felt this was an important step forward for the City. The technical
clarification from Mr. Perez was helpful in highlighting the achievement.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

21.   Approval of City Positions for the 2012 League of California Cities
      Resolutions.

Sheila Tucker, Assistant to the City Manager reported each year the League
of California Cities (League) accepted Resolutions from member cities and
elected officials to be considered for adoption at the annual conference. The
Resolutions constituted an additional method to develop League policy and
allowed cities to initiate policy discussions at a statewide level. The City's
voting delegate made decisions and determinations on Resolutions. The
                                                                         Page 34 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/4/12
