He proposed an Amendment and said that it created an incentive to move
expeditiously to resolve the issue and provided an offset to the people of
Palo Alto who are giving up 50 acres of parkland during the study.

AMENDMENT:     Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman that rent starts to accumulate starting May 1, 2012.

Council Member Schmid said there was a dilemma in trading off the benefits
of parkland to the people to moving ahead on the green energy situation.
He said that everyone wanted to make a correct decision. He asked what
the true cost was to the City of making these kinds of decisions. He stated
that rent was a way to measure that cost and that it gave economic value to
both sides. He said that at some point the Council could decide not to
charge rent, but that would be different than asking what the economic cost
was. He stated that charging rent would tell everyone in the City this was
the value of that decision.

Council Member Holman said that Council Member Schmid addressed the
issue well. She said that the Amendment spoke to her challenge as to how
to honor Measure E as well as parkland. She said that rent would be some
compensation and that it was a reasonable compromise.

Council Member Shepherd said that she was not in favor of charging rent.
She requested an understanding of what Council Member Schmid intended
rent to be.

Council Member Schmid said there was a current rent per acre that expired
June 30, 2011. He would extend that cost per acre to the fifty plus acres
that the public does not have access to.

Council Member Shepherd asked if he wanted to start the rent on May 1,
2012.

Council Member Schmid said that his understanding was that there was a
transition period where they were producing compost for the cover. Once
that activity was completed and we are ready to do the cover, the study,
and the actual action, then it would be a discretionary decision to postpone
that. He said that the discretion should have a cost.

Council Member Shepherd asked what fund the rent would come from.

Council Member Schmid said it would come from whoever controlled the
decision process.
                                 23                    February 6, 2012
  
