13.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept MGO’s Financial
      Statements and Letter.

14.   Adoption of a Resolution 9231 Expressing Appreciation to William
      Berry Upon Completion of His Term as a Utilities Advisory
      Commissioner.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent


ACTION ITEMS


15.   Public Meeting for Presentation from U.S. Postal Service to Discuss
      Process for Disposition and Relocation of Post Office at 380 Hamilton
      Avenue.

Director of Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams indicated
the purpose of tonight's meeting was to allow the U.S. Postal Service to
present information regarding the potential disposition and relocation of
the Downtown Post Office. He stated Postal Service representatives would
outline the process and schedule for a potential sale and would accept
public comments now and through March 7. Staff expected, unless Council
directed otherwise, to commission an appraisal of the site and to return to
Council to discuss whether the City was interested in presenting an offer to
purchase the site. He reported no Council action was requested at this
time, but Staff had listed this as an Action Item in the event Council wished
to provide direction.

Jim Wigdell, USPS Communications, reported he was present to discuss the
possible relocation of the Palo Alto Post Office currently located on
Hamilton Avenue, which USPS called the Hamilton Station. He indicated he
would discuss why they were here, the decision-making process, cost and
community input. He stated there would be a comment period, which was
important to him. He indicated he would discuss the financial condition of
the Postal Service, and Ms. Alvarado would discuss the cost avoidance by
relocating retail operations in Palo Alto. He stressed this was not a closure
of the Palo Alto Hamilton Station; it was merely a relocation. He stated the
community would still have the same retail services, the same PO boxes
and everything available today; it may not be in the Palo Alto Hamilton
Station going forward. Lastly he would discuss the next steps. He
explained they were present because of 39 Code of Federal Regulations
(CFR) § 241.4, which was a federal law dealing with the relocation of Post
Offices no matter where they were located in the country. He indicated
there was another process they used for discontinuing a Post Office, 39
CFR § 241.3. He didn't want people to be confused by the two processes.

                                      5                           02/21/2012
