                      DRAFT MINUTES
significant financial interests and that they should be evaluated as
equal priorities. He said that they were not equal and that
PAUSD had four times the amount of property on the site than
the City. The City paid 100 percent of the income on the
property, so those were not equal. He did not understand what
was meant by equal priorities. He asked how that could be a
Guiding Principle when nothing was equal.

Mr. Keene asked if Council Member Schmid had alternative
language.

Council Member Schmid said financial interests were certainly
important for the City. He said that they were interested in
paying for value, so if those were City Guiding Principles they
should say something about what the City had and how it paid
the bulk of rental and upkeep payments. He assumed that Staff
was talking about working toward an equal burden of those types
of payments.

Mr. Emslie said that the intent was in the spirit of collaboration
and not to point out the inequity. He thought the point was to
say that one economic interest or budgetary interest did not
supersede the other. The services the City provided at Cubberley
through nonprofits and through childcare were on the same
footing as the educational needs.        It tried to create an
underpinning of one concern did not supersede the other that
both education and community service were on equal footing.

Council Member Schmid said he admired everything that they had
given about the role of the City and City services. He said that
was important, but that “equal” was a strong word that could lead
to contentions. He suggested they think about a word that
engaged both bodies’ valuable services from both sides without
saying they were the same financially.

Mr. Keene suggested that they shift it to the concept that both
entities had significant financial interest in the Cubberley campus
                                                                   Page 47 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
