                                MINUTES
Alto course had. It contributed greatly to other City services over the years.
He said that was public policy, but it was another way to look at it. It was
one of the highest cash flowing municipal facilities in the country.

James Keene, City Manager, clarified that the City would need to look at the
alternatives much more specifically as they moved forward. He thought that
they would be thinking similarly to a revenue bond. They would have done
the analysis about the increased revenues generated by the improved play
and the effectiveness of the golf course to help fund the debt service. He
thought the ultimate test would be if the public had confidence in the City’s
overall financial management. Part of the appeal of Option G was the fact
that it made the golf course more popular and revenue generating. With
respect to revenues from the playing fields, he noted that they did not have
expenditure dollars in the pro forma related to the development of the
playing fields themselves. It had not been a situation where the golf course
had spun off money to the General Fund. They developed a methodology
where the golf course was designed to cover all of the costs associated with
the golf operation including the direct operational costs, the capital costs,
the debt service costs, and the overhead spread from the General Fund
associated with the golf course. That was really a charge that was the full
carrying cost for the golf course. The comment was correct in that the City
had a much more aggressive program in capturing all of the potential costs
related to the golf course through the Golf Fund itself.

Mayor Yeh knew that there were Council Members that wished to speak
again. He said that would happen following the public comment.

Jeff Seqol, Golf Course Advisory Committee Member, said he prepared the
letter that the other members of the Golf Course Advisory Committee signed
expressing their consensus opinion that they had concerns about Option G
and were in favor of Option D. He took the cost of Option D and the cost of
Option G and tried to aggregate which of the additional Option G costs were
attributable solely to the additional encroachment that occurred on the golf
course in order to create the 10 acre athletic field site. Fixing the irrigation
system and doing drainage work was something that clearly needed to be
done fairly soon on the golf course, but the other costs only had to be done
in order to create the athletic field site. The difference between Option D
and Option G was about $3 million. Of that $3 million, he estimated that $1
million were things that would have to be done in any case and $2 million
were attributable to the encroachment required for creating the athletic field
site. The second point he wanted to make had to do with the issue of the
risk the City was taking on in doing the expanded project and financing it.
That came down to whether or not the NGF’s pro forma was correct. A

                                                                          Page 24 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/23/12
