                                 MINUTES
Ms. Stump indicated it was acceptable to have general discussions about
what might be accomplished with this range of dollars, but all of this was
dependent on policy decisions and votes that the Council had not taken.
They were not before the Council for decision.        The language of the
Ordinance provided some appropriate general description and flexibility for
the Council to consider these items as information developed and as noticed
Motions.

Council Member Holman asked whether the $250,000 and the $60,000
would be held in discrete funds to be used for these specific purposes.

Mr. Williams stated Staff would create either separate accounts or possibly
Capital Improvement Program (CIP) accounts. The City had an existing
parking CIP to hold the funds, but funds would be used for the stated
purpose.

Council Member Holman regretted the process this project had followed.
She appreciated the comments of the Maker and Seconder of the Motion.
She would like to see the tower be removed as it seemed out of place. She
did not consider this location a gateway site. She understood the Council
had purview to approve the exceptions to height and daylight plane as part
of the PC Ordinance; however, she felt it was a dangerous precedent. The
PC findings did not address those issues. She expressed concern that the
parapet would have a large reflective component and would not appear as
transparent. Policy issues needed to be addressed regarding this area and
PCs, and should have been addressed before this project proceeded. She
would not support the project, because it was not the right project with the
right public benefits for this site.

Council Member Shepherd asked the applicant for their concerns regarding
changing the ten-year limit to the life of the project.

Mr. Smith stated they were okay with it.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Council could review how the project
was parked, because of the square footage, and begin rebuilding in lieu
parking fees. This project was located on the border of the Downtown
District, which was a critical area for the City of Palo Alto. It was critical that
the Council make business work.             This project would bring capital
improvement investment for the Downtown area, so that the Council could
consider building another parking garage. She supported the Motion.

Council Member Price supported the original Motion. Given the proximity to
transit, she regretted this was not a five-story building. The Council had
                                                                            Page 30 of 34
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 5/14/12
