    Council Member Shepherd stated Staff's slides indicating property owners
    and possible visions for the subareas were very helpful. The historic
    building on 91 Commercial Street told the story of this area, where Four
    Phase Systems started after it had been a dentist office, and now a
    preschool. This particular area was unfocused and the Comprehensive Plan
    didn't contain much information to illustrate Palo Alto's future.      She
    commended Staff and Planning and Transportation for working with the
    landowners to make sure, if the TDR process occurred, it would work for the
    landowners in a way that would be beneficial to them and to the City.

    Council Member Klein thanked Mr. Garber for an excellent philosophical
    overview. He thought Mr. Garber did a great job in locating the Council as
    to the opportunities and difficulties of this area of town. He stated the work
    on the East Meadow/Fabian/West Bayshore neighborhood made a lot of
    sense.     He thought the Echelon Building was a big mistake for the
    community, that the community was in the process of losing light
    manufacturing, R&D buildings on East Meadow Circle and the adjacent
    areas, and that was going to be a loss for the community. He said the
    community's heartbeat had been R&D and innovation, and to lose one of the
    last places in town with a relatively inexpensive space of that kind would be
    unfortunate. He didn't think it was right for the City to provide housing
    because it could. He indicated the City had an obligation when it provided
    housing to do it right, and it was almost impossible to do it right in that area
    of town. He asked where the City would put another park, to say nothing of
    how the School District would have to serve them. He thought the direction
    the City was moving made a lot of sense; however, there were still
    problems to work out which was inherent. He didn't have any trouble
    moving forward with where the Council wanted to go on the East San
    Antonio neighborhood, but he was not sanguine about the chances of
    success and would be skeptical about expending a large amount of money
    on further studies. He felt the Council should take advantage of skilled
    citizens and consult with them to determine if any of these things are
    possible. He knew the advantage of setting high goals, but there were only
    so many goals the Council could set for itself and it had to make
    determinations as to what was most practical. At the moment he was not
    persuaded that the Council could convert this area into a retail area or
    hotels. He indicated the Council would have to get a substantial number of
    landowners to consolidate. He didn't think the zoning incentives would be
    sufficient, but he was willing to give it a try. He was not willing to see the
    limited Staff spend lots of effort trying to persuade a number of private
    citizens to do something they might not regard in their economic self-
    interest. He said they would have to find good incentives or find the
    equivalent of the fellow City Manager Keene mentioned who put together
    the Fourth Street proposal in Berkeley. He remarked Loral had become one


                                     30                  February 13, 2012 
 
