Mr. Black explained it was a combination of products; the left turn volume
multiplied by the opposing through traffic volume. He agreed that the
opposing through traffic volume was about 1,000; therefore, 100 vehicles
would meet the 100,000 cross product.

Mr. Rodriguez stated if Staff were to apply the volume it was approximately
2/3 of the way to the warrant.

Council Member Klein inquired if there was a way to factor in the higher speed
of traffic from Bayshore.

Mr. Rodriguez stated typically Staff applied that left-turn warrant consistently
at all intersections around the City. He indicated doing that consistently
meant Staff applied the same kind of warrants established by the State for
that type of improvement.

Council Member Klein asked for the cost of installing a left-turn signal.

Mr. Rodriguez estimated $120,000.

Council Member Klein inquired if the City would have to pay for the installation
if it were installed later.

Mr. Rodriguez replied that would happen. He indicated Staff would discuss
this with the applicant to determine if the applicant was willing to do some
type of improvements for the Project.

Council Member Klein stated if the Council made it a Condition of Approval,
then it would be the applicant's job.

Mr. Rodriguez agreed.

Council Member Klein agreed with the applicant concerning visibility of
Building 2. He noted Building 2 had had a number of restaurants, and he felt
lack of visibility made it impossible for them to survive.

Council Member Schmid thought tremendous progress had been made in
dealing with the issues, the neighborhood and neighbors and in finding a
dynamic tenant. He reported he was given four days to review 500 pages and
14 web sites. He stated the goal of the process was to have an open and
transparent public process, and one of the rules the Council tried to follow was
not to start investigating information before the public packet was available.
He noted Planning Staff had gone through a long process, and had reversed
their position and changed the wording in both the draft Environmental
Impact Report (EIR) and the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR). He


                                             21                     03/19/2012
