interconnect both the Downtown University Avenue area more broadly than
these narrow, subway-type tunnels. She understood the theater could be
quite tall, and asked what were the challenges with the concept of a theater.

Mr. Emslie explained TheatreWorks wanted to develop a Broadway-level
theater, because their productions appeared on Broadway.            He stated
theaters had a large component called fly towers, which were large buildings
that the sets retracted into. He indicated the fly towers had to be double the
height of the stage, or as high as 85 feet to 90 feet, in order to meet the
minimum standards.

Council Member Shepherd stated this was a performing arts center, not a
theater like Varsity Theater. She inquired if it would be larger than the Lucie
Stern Theatre, more of a professional Broadway-format performing arts
center.

Mr. Emslie indicated many parallels had been drawn between this and the
Bing Center being built on the Stanford campus. He explained that was a
concert hall; it did not have a fly tower and it couldn't support dramatic arts.
He stated the proposed theater was a dramatic arts theater, where stage
plays and musicals could be performed in the dramatic setting. He said
concerts could be held in the performing arts center, but its dedicated
purpose would be for dramatic arts.

Mr. Emslie reported the question had come up about compatibility with the
new theater at Palo Alto High School. He explained TheatreWorks held over
200 performances a year, so there would not be any opportunity to share
that facility because of the dominance of the program.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to authorize $250,000 from the Intermodal Transit Funds (set aside in
the Stanford Medical Center Development Agreement) for the preliminary
design review and initial environment review of 27 University Avenue.

Council Member Shepherd stated the Council had asked for this as it was in
the Comprehensive Plan. She was very excited about the whole concept of
having TheatreWorks come back to Palo Alto and have a premiere
auditorium for them. She was also quite fascinated with the opportunity of
this more integrated segue from this area of University to the other side of
University on the other side of the railroad tracks and underneath Alma.
She thought this could open things up for the Downtown area. She thought
it would be really good for Palo Alto, and would complement the other
aspects of Palo Alto.

Council Member Price thought some of the concepts outlined made sense.
She said the location of this particular property was a key gateway location

                                      21                            3/05/2011
