                      DRAFT MINUTES
option. If Council decided to increase the role of the PTC they
would have had a liaison in place to provide continuity.

Mr. Keene added that they needed a specific decision at minimum
on the Guiding Principles.

Mayor Yeh said that there were several items for discussion. He
suggested they start with the Guiding Principles and then proceed
to feedback for the CAC and conclude with discussion on the site
plans.

Council Member Shepherd said she wanted to ask broad
questions before just going straight to the Guiding Principles.
She said that she noticed the Guiding Principles were the “City
Council Guiding Principles.” She asked how it was integrated with
PAUSD and if the Superintendent was taking the same Guiding
Principles to PAUSD.

Mr. Emslie said they were and that Staff had shared the Guiding
Principles, both draft and final versions, with PAUSD Staff. It was
PAUSD Staff’s intention to take the Guiding Principles to the
School Board on April 24th for adoption. He said that PAUSD
could either adopt the Guiding Principles or make changes, but
that they would have their own PAUSD Guiding Principles to work
from as well.

Council Member Shepherd said she knew PAUSD was looking at
enrollment projections in order to determine how large the high
school should be. She asked if PAUSD’s input to the space
planning was their best information as to what their needs would
be, or if it was the City forcing the fact that PAUSD would only
need a 500 count high school and a 600 count middle school.

Mr. Emslie said that the numbers PAUSD gave the City were
induced by PAUSD’s projections.     The City asked PAUSD to
provide their long term needs and they responded with that size
of facilities.  The City expected the CAC to look into the
                                                                   Page 42 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
