Spence Carlson, Treasurer of the Teen Arts Council, stated the Teen Arts
Council would expand its reach, increase its impact on the community,
continue searching for ways to promote youth wellness, provide teens with
methods for taking control of their events and projects, and pursue
partnerships and fundraising to support those goals. They planned to
continue producing the open microphone series, middle school dances, and
the Hurricane Music Festival. The teens supported and appreciated the
parent organization Palo Alto Children's Theatre, which had allowed them to
pursue the arts.

Ethan Hausser, a general member of the Teen Arts Council, reported he was
an actor in an upcoming show. Without the Teen Arts Council, the teens
could not create and perform unique productions. He thanked the Palo Alto
Children's Theatre and the City of Palo Alto for giving them the opportunity.

Zillah Glory, Teen Arts Council Coordinator, had learned to love the fact that
her voice did not matter. What mattered most was the teens' view of
themselves after the event. The teens did not describe all the things they
did, how much they worked together, how often they met, or their work to
resolve problems. She invited the public to the Julia Alvarez Capstone Event
for the Big Read Voices United Bay Area on Wednesday, at 7:00 p.m., at
Cubberley Community Center. The Teen Arts Council designed the website
for the event and was hosting the entire online aspect of the event.

Bill Burruss noted the quick response of the City Council and Staff to the
design change at Middlefield Road.     Approximately 80 percent of the
merchants of California Avenue were opposed to reducing four lanes to two.
The change would be a disaster for the merchants and traffic flow. The
Council had worked quickly to change the design of Middlefield Road;
however, there would be no correcting California Avenue once it was
reduced to two lanes. He invited the Council to observe traffic and discuss
the problem with merchants.

Philippe Lchot said the situation with California Avenue was a farce. At peak
traffic times, there would not be any through traffic. At the beginning of the
project, some people were in favor of it; however, they were now opposed
to it. Residents were opposed to the change as well.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
No. 3 as he lives across the street.

Council Member Espinosa stated he would not be participating in Agenda
Item No. 8 as he was an employee of Microsoft.


                                      3                           04/23/2012
