                      DRAFT MINUTES
had a great operation but was concerned about the intensity of
the use. Their traffic consultant reviewed the Mustard Seed
traffic consultant’s report and had very strong concerns about the
amount of traffic the school would generate on its site and on the
shared driveway. If the school was approved at 117 students and
the resulting traffic impacted his property as their traffic
consultant expressed they were left with very few options. At
that point all they could do was pursue some type of civil lawsuit
against the property owner for overburdening the easement or
restrict access to the parking alongside the building. They much
preferred that the City Council limit the number of students that
could be served at the daycare center or give them the ability to
discuss with Planning about reducing traffic at some point in the
future.

Ronald Cioffi asked Council to consider the information presented
by Ms. Cioffi. He said that it was important they consider the
safety of the children.       The proposed location was not
appropriate. He said that the area needed to be closely looked at
over a long period of time in terms of what it was originally
designed to support, which was industrial manufacturing. He said
that the City of Palo Alto probably only had one warehouse left.
He asked the Council not to push out the businesses that
supported the community. His real concern was the issue of the
children’s safety.

Mayor Yeh closed the Public hearing at 9:13 p.m. He said that
the Applicant had three minutes to respond to the comments
made by the public.

Mr. Jones said he had no further comments, but thanked the
families that came to support Mustard Seed. He said that Council
could see the commitment and love the community had for the
facility and he hoped that they would support the project.




                                                                  Page 27 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
