Enid Pearson said the election was over but the status of Measure E would
not be known for several more months. She said there were a large number
of landfill issues to be addressed and completed. She said Council’s first
responsibility and its first guiding principle was to be totally honest with the
public. Council should not be tempted or pressured to make Measure E what
it had never been. The proponents of Measure E had unrelentingly stated
that undedicating the 10 acres of parkland was to study whether an
anaerobic digester was feasible or not. She said that the Council needed to
assure the public that it would do no more nor less than authorize the study.
The landfill operation was closed and Palo Alto already had a plan to execute
the proper closure. She said that Staff should be directed to proceed
without further delay. Since the windrow compost operation was only an
adjunct to the landfill operation, Staff should be directed to end the windrow
compost operation. She stated that a windrow operation was not a legal
activity on parkland. She reminded Council that once the landfill operation
ceased this area became a public park. She said that the public needed to
see that the Council understood that this was a park for public use. She
urged that the Council not be pressured into taking actions or making
pledges or statements that prejudge a valid study. She urged the Council to
direct the Staff to complete the park and begin the study process.

Emily Renzel said there were a number of very complicated issues involved
with the 10 acres that were undedicated by voters in November 2011. The
most significant issue was completion of the remaining park which depended
on completion of the landfill closure. Mr. Bobel had indicated that it was
possible to fast track the planning for that so that closure could be
completed in 2010. That was her preference. She also agreed that it made
sense to spend $29,700 for assistance in developing a process and timeline
for the energy compost facility consideration. She said that Measure E
required access to the 10 acre site be by Embarcadero Way. That alone had
many environmental and engineering ramifications. She said that windrow
composting was not lawful park use and should not continue on Byxbee Park
without a vote. She said that composting did not generate power so it was
not within the exclusive use which Measure E called for on the 10 acres. She
stated the Refuse Fund was an Enterprise Fund which was expected to “pay
for the direct services they receive from the General Fund including a fair
market rent for the land sites used.” She said that was CMR 181.95. She
stated that arbitrarily adjusting rents for social engineering was a slippery
slope. She stated that the City must continue to exercise an arm’s length
relationship with the Enterprise Funds or it could find itself challenged by any
of several taxpayer organizations for circumventing requirements of
Proposition 13 and Proposition 218. She said that the Council should adopt
a new rent schedule showing accrual of rent until the park was opened. She
said that there were major design ramifications for the park and the 10 acre
site that will need to be addressed. She said Measure E zealots had claimed
                                   13                     February 6, 2012
  
