Council Member Burt asked for clarification if the City chose the option of the
full payment of the interest.

Mr. Bartel clarified the 28-year amortization had no payment on the principle
amount; the payment effecting the principle began once there was less than
20-years remaining on the amortization.

Council Member Burt said the dollar amount the City would pay in the initial
years would actually be higher if they switched to the interest only
alternative rather than if the City was paying down the principle on a 28-
year amortization.

Mr. Bartel stated yes but there was no payment going towards the principle
for a minimum of eight years on a 28-year amortization.

Council Member Klein said there were more than three options since there
was no required payment amount. The Actuary recommended three options
for the Council but those were not the only options available. He thought the
information requested in the Motion was included in the report and Staff
merely needed to extract it and enter it into a separate sheet.

Mr. Bartel noted the impact on the ARC was not included in the report. The
report covered the impact on the un-funded liability.

Council Member Klein believed he heard several numbers discussed
throughout the meeting regarding what would lower the ARC.

Mr. Perez said that was correct. Staff had derived numbers outside of the
report such as the 30-year open amortization.

Council Member Klein argued the numbers were readily available if they had
been discussed in the meeting so his confusion was why the report needed
to be re-written. He requested a small report showing the five or so
differences in the dollar amounts with the ARC.

Mr. Bartel said the clarification he needed was whether Council wanted to
know in addition to the difference in the ARC what the impact in the un-
funded liability would be as time went by.

Mayor Yeh clarified the value of having the additional information was the
Council would have a greater certainty of the impact on the un-funded
liability within the two-year timeframe before the next Actuary Report was
produced. There was a budget being prepared for the upcoming Fiscal Year.
Ultimately he was confident in the decision made met GASB requirements.
The reason the interest only options was provided was because it was a
policy goal of keeping the un-funded liability at a constant. The question was

                                      23                          01/30/2012
