$53.00 per ton and export would be $123.00. This meant that the price of
having a facility in Palo Alto declined over time while export option
increased. He said that was an $18 million savings over 20 years. He
believed the best option was wet anaerobic digestion for bio solids and food
waste followed by aerobic composting of yard waste. He said that would be
one facility handling all three waste streams. He stated Staff did a great job
on the Staff Report and that he supported the recommendations. He agreed
that maintaining the composting permit was very important. He said that he
would love to have a community pickup of compost again as he had used it
in the past. With respect to rent, he said that it would be income to the
General Fund at a cost to the rate payers. He urged Council to follow Staff
recommendations.

Herb Borock said that there was a court case pending challenging the
validity of Measure E and that Council should consider the status of the court
case. He said that Council should direct Staff to bring this issue back after
the court decision. He said that the idea of continuing something for a year
sounded reasonable; but that the initiative had contemplated it might take
10 years. He said they had been told to wait for 10 years to see whether
any of this land is used for a facility before the Council can rededicate it as
parkland. He asked why, if the court case would invalidate Measure E, they
would have had to postpone for a year. He said that he waited for the cost
of service study for the Refuse Fund for some time. He said that he had
thought there would be a new cost of service study and a new rate structure
proposed this year. In regard to Council Member Schmid’s questions of the
adverse effects to the public from the composting, he said the three regional
agencies have nothing to do with parkland. He said they had to do with the
Refuse Fund. He said that at a previous meeting Council Member Klein had
asked what would happen if the City stopped composting. Staff answered
that we could do that and did not mention a permit problem like the one
raised by Mr. Gans.

Annie Ercolani said that 64% of the voters voted to undedicate parkland so
that Council could determine if an energy and compost facility was
appropriate and could be built on that land or not. She said that she was
confident Council would take that mandate seriously. She said it was not a
vote that they wanted a facility, it was that they wanted Council to be able
to consider a facility. She was concerned about the other 41 acres that was
supposed to be parkland and urged Council to make it so as soon as
possible.

Carol Muller of 199 Heather Lane stated that the citizens of Palo Alto are
very educated and that it was logical they wanted a study. She said she was
surprised by what she heard tonight and how it seemed to suggest that the

                                   17                     February 6, 2012
  
