                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid liked the revised Guiding Principles and thought
they came across well as a joint enterprise. He also liked the site maps and
thought they were exciting because they gave a true notion of a joint use
and because everything was new. He reminded everyone that Association of
Bay Area Governments (ABAG) requested that they have approximately
24,000 new residents by 2040. He said that if you looked at the history of
PAUSD, it had grown on average over the last 24 years 1.3 percentage
points faster than the City had grown. One of the reasons for that was the
fastest growing age group in Palo Alto was the 85 plus group and the second
fastest was the 65 to 75 year old group. That implied that there could be a
major influx of young families into town. The site plans seemed to have
alternatives only for a small high school of 500 students and that seemed
striking before the two committees started their operation. He thought
there should be a clear statement that those were not excluding examination
of key alternatives that could take place.

Mayor Yeh said he knew Staff had discussions with PAUSD regarding the
school sites and asked if there was an indication that PAUSD wanted multi-
stories for the schools.

Mr. Emslie said yes, that most of the buildings were multi-story.

Mayor Yeh asked if there was a specific height being considered.

Mr. Emslie said two stories.

Council Member Holman wanted to check with the maker and seconder of
the Motion because as she read the Motion it gave some gravitas to the draft
conceptual plans and Council Member Klein’s comments were that they were
a starting point, which was more consistent with her understanding of Mr.
Emslie’s comments. She asked if the language on the board was what was
intended by the maker and seconder, or if it was something that was more
precise.

Council Member Klein said he was comfortable with the language but agreed
that they were not voting on the plans in any way whatsoever. The Motion
said that they were forwarding the draft conceptual plans. They could add
their own statements that they were simply a starting point, but he thought
that was clear. He was comfortable with the language.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to convey that because the Motion was
what went forward. She wanted to be clear that the comments she made on
the site plans were just thoughts of other things that should be addressed.

                                                                           Page 20 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
