Council Member Burt suggested 27 University and surrounding areas.

Mr. Emslie indicated Staff would determine a shorthand for referring to this
in the future.

Council Member Espinosa asked if Staff needed any sort of guidance about
changing 27 University if Staff determined that was the wrong address.

Mr. Emslie answered no.     He stated it was just a matter of verifying the
records.

Council Member Espinosa supported the Motion, and was cautiously excited
even though there wasn't a full project yet. He thought TheatreWorks was a
world-class organization.      He stated their needs for space were not
conducive to using existing theaters. He explained the Council developed
the much broader plan about connectedness from Downtown to Stanford
over to the Stanford Mall, because of many discussions over many years.
He wanted to make sure the Council built a process that reached out to the
neighbors and businesses and built a partnership with Stanford and Stanford
Mall. He felt an arts district was developing in that corridor, and the Council
had the potential to build upon that.

Mr. Keene suggested revising the fourth line from the bottom, "connections
as well as public space design," by striking "for the" and inserting "and." He
read the new language: "as well as public space design and preliminary
design review and initial environmental review of 27 University Avenue." He
thought that decoupled it from just the public space design. He suggested
the following statement could be parenthetical to the Motion, "this review
may influence design factors of the buildings themselves and overall urban
design for the site." He explained Staff would understand that the interface
was there and would pay attention to that as well.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if that was necessary, because she
thought that was an assumption.

Council Member Holman felt it was a unique opportunity. She appreciated
that this project was in a state of flux, but was concerned that it was an
ethereal project with the public. She stated until tonight there hadn't been a
conversation about the theater not being a performing arts center, which
had a different impact and function. She indicated she had read a comment
about a hotel being proposed for the site, and didn't know where that came
from. She thought the Council had a challenge in working in a proactive
fashion, while providing the public enough information to determine
adequate direction. She inquired how soon this could come back to the
Council to review which areas this covered, because the Council didn't have
any maps or aerial plans. She reported the Staff Report mentioned studies,

                                      24                            3/05/2011
