                      DRAFT MINUTES
imperative that the City Council provide the property owners with
an alternative of keeping California Avenue at four lanes rather
than reducing it.

Bill Burress spoke regarding the California Avenue lane reduction.
He said that over 75 percent of the merchants on California
Avenue opposed the two lane reduction. He stated his business
was open until 10:00 p.m. and almost every night Starbucks and
other trucks pulled up and stopped. Also during that period he
saw numerous emergency vehicles going to the residences at the
end of California Avenue. He said that he never had anyone from
the City Staff ask him what he thought of the lane reduction and
he did not think many of the other merchants had been
approached either. He thought if the City blocked off two lanes
and conducted a study it would find that it was a mistake. He
thought reducing the street to two lanes would reduce the
parking ability of the customers, emergency vehicles, and trucks
for the loading and unloading of goods.

Philippe Lehot spoke regarding the California Avenue lane
reduction. He said that he represented several tenants at 405,
407, 409, 411, 415, and 417 California Avenue which were four
retail stores and eight residential units. He was very displeased
with City Staff’s behavior in the matter. To the best of his
knowledge 75-80 percent of the residents in Palo Alto Central
were opposed to the reduction of the lanes, including his eight
residential and four retail units.

Jessica Roth spoke regarding the California Avenue lane
reduction. She requested Council reconsider the lane changes on
California Avenue. She said that she was a long time merchant
on the street and that she did not believe that the lane reduction
was good for the business district. Recently over 40 merchants
came together and stated their opposition to the lane reduction
and current plan. They wanted improvements to their street and
were willing to go through down time during construction, but
only if it made California Avenue a nicer, more inviting area for
                                                                   Page 6 of 73
                                                   City Council Special Meeting
                                                          Draft Minutes 4/9/12
