                      DRAFT MINUTES
Services. The current site was equipped with 44 parking stalls of
which 18 at the rear would be modified to allow for outdoor play
and activity areas.    He said that modification was listed in
Council’s packet.    Traffic and access to the site would be
discussed in more detail later in the evening. There was a shared
driveway to the right with the adjacent property owner and then
a single driveway to the left which was on the Applicant’s site.
He showed a diagram which indicated the proposed play areas
along the back and left side of the project. He said that there
were minor exterior changes. They were adding a new trash
enclosure as required by the ARB. There was also additional
fencing for the play area and accessible ramps and parking
features.

Council Member Burt asked Staff if the Applicant was a licensed
daycare center.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams
said that he could not speak to what they were currently, but as a
condition of approval of the project they were required to be
licensed by the Department of Social Services.

Council Member Schmid said it was an exciting proposal, but he
had a contextual question for Staff. He noted that of the City’s
ROLM district in that part of town that there were at least four
buildings on West Bayshore that had been transformed from
Research and Development (RND) into educational service
organizations.   He thought there were three now on East
Bayshore. He said that was the beginning of a transformation of
what was once an RND district into something else. That had
impacts for how the City thought about economic development.
He asked if Staff had any comments on the general context of
change that was taking place.

Mr. Williams said that the East Meadow/West Bayshore Concept
Plan indicated that in part of the area a conditional use permit for
daycare would be required, and in some areas daycare would be
                                                                   Page 20 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
