                               MINUTES
stated the building complex was 72 percent complete. That calculation was
based on the amount of money that the City spent as a percentage of the
contract amount, which was a standard industry measure for computing
completion percentages. He said that they could also compute it based on
the amount of time which had past as a percentage of the contractor’s
current estimated completion date, which put the project at 65 percent
complete. He stressed that those numbers were variable and what was
important was focusing on cost and completion. Staff’s primary focus was
building completion. Once that was achieved, the focus would shift to
further determining the level of responsibility each of the City contractors
and consultants bore for the delays and associated costs. The Council had
raised concerns about the schedule and sharing the status with the public.
Staff felt that an estimate of spring 2013 completion was a good estimate
even though it was a year past the contracted date.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, said that they would hold a Closed Session and
that would be the best forum for the Council to be briefed on the relative
risks and responsibilities in what really was a pre-dispute or dispute mode
that the project was progressing under. Staff could answer initial questions
but wanted the Council Members to note that the Closed Session was
available shortly for a full briefing from a litigation risk perspective.

Mr. Keene added that depending on the nature of Council’s questions they
could defer to the Closed Session. They wanted the contract attorneys and
other professionals who were assisting the City with the matter present to
meet with Council, which was why they were now targeting June 18, 2012.

Council Member Klein said that he understood the purpose of Closed
Sessions, but thought they were limited to those situations to protect the
City’s legal interests. He hoped the City Attorney would act as a referee if
any members of the City Council or potential answers from Staff would
potentially harm the City legally. He thought they needed to be open with
the Public as it was their money. The City and Council were supposed to be
good fiduciaries for it and the public deserved to hear as much information
as possible. He said that a Closed Session was fine, but that it was not a
substitute for what he thought they needed to have now, which was more
detail on the project in a public forum. The Staff Report referred to
upcoming events and listed the Exterior Wall Dry in & Finishes for the Teen
Center May 16th, Community Center June 1st, and the Library June 7th. He
asked if those dates were on target.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Public Works Director, explained the term dry in meant
the building was fully weather protected. Because of a heavier than expected

                                                                      Page 11 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
