                               MINUTES

Candice Gonzalez, Palo Alto Housing Corporation reported PAHC had
leveraged several funding sources.

Herb Borock requested the Council not act on the Item, because the
requested actions did not abide by the law. This project was subject to the
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), and an application had been
submitted. Council action at the current time would preclude it from
imposing alternatives or mitigations resulting from the CEQA process.
Funding approval could be made as part of or after project approval.

Mayor Yeh asked the City Attorney to address CEQA issues raised by Mr.
Borock.

Molly Stump, City Attorney explained the loan was for site acquisition, which
was time sensitive. The loan documents made clear that the project was in
the planning stages and subject to environmental review. There were no
approvals of the specific project before the Council, nor could there be,
because the environmental review process needed to be completed.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Stanford Agreement allowed the
Council to take a short-term loan for 2-3 years to cover the City's
contribution. He inquired whether Staff expected the Housing Fund to
generate funds to repay the loan within that 2-3 year period without action
by the Federal Government or other levels of government.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether local developments that would
contribute to the Housing Fund were in the process or whether they were
merely expected to happen.

Mr. Williams reported developments typically were approved but did not pay
a housing fee until a building permit was obtained or until the sale of
residential units in ownership housing cases.

Council Member Schmid asked if this action would increase pressure on the
Council to approve developments.

Mr. Williams responded no.

Council Member Holman noted constraints were identified in the funding
plan, and inquired about Council latitude to protect itself against
environmental impacts and to accomplish best design.
                                                                       Page 11 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
