                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt suggested use of "design work as a basis for the plan
going forward." That language would be inclusive.

Council Member Holman preferred to delete "to date," but would accept the
amendment.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether the Motion was for Staff to draft
a Master Plan, develop two alternative proposals , and then present them to
the Council along with timelines and budgets and a public process for
moving a project forward.

Council Member Burt answered yes. Staff should not abandon the current
proposal; however, the community probably would not favor it when
compared to the two alternative proposals.

Council Member Espinosa asked if the Motion would remove the current
proposal from consideration or prevent Staff from suggesting additional work
on the current proposal.

Council Member Burt would not prescribe that. The intent of the Motion was
to move the discussion forward.

Council Member Espinosa would support the Motion, because it added
transparency, implemented a good process, and addressed community
concerns. He asked Staff to ensure the Council understood the costs, the
amount of work, and timelines for the process.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether Staff would return to the Council
before moving forward with concept plans.

Mr. Keene responded yes.

Council Member Shepherd did not intend for the process to be rushed. She
asked where Staff and the Council was in the process.

Mr. Keene was unsure as it was the Palo Alto process.

Council Member Shepherd indicated Downtown had buildings taller than 50
feet, and asked if Staff would present ideas complementary to the historic
design or limit buildings to 50 feet in height.

Council Member Burt personally preferred the height be 4-5 stories;
however, buildings over 50 feet would fit the urban fabric.

                                                                      Page 29 of 32
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/3/12
