wireless communications providers, to better meet the community’s need for
a City-wide wireless network. Council should specifically direct Staff to:

     1. Initiate the request for proposal process, including preparing the RFP,
        seeking bidders and selecting a vendor.
     2. Evaluate zoning ordinance amendments to address height and site
        development standards for such facilities, and to provide for
        expeditious review of projects and subsequent collocations.
     3. Explore and develop City actions to encourage the use of collocation
        facilities, including but not limited to approaches such as a ministerial
        permit review process and streamlined utility and encroachment
        permit reviews.
     4. Within 6 months of Council action, report back to Council with the
        citywide service proposal and study, as well as initiate proposed code
        modifications and any recommended incentives to use the City’s
        proposed network.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

6.      Resolution 9270 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
        Alto to Support of the Santa Clara Valley Water District’s Safe, Clean
        Water and Natural Flood Protection Plan (Plan) and Placement of the
        Plan on the November 2012 Ballot”.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) adopt the Resolution supporting the Santa Clara Valley Water
District’s (District) Safe, Clean Water and Natural Flood Protection Plan
(Plan), and 2) recommend the District place the Plan on the November 2012
general election ballot.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

Mayor Yeh announced the Council would hear Agenda Item Numbers 7 and 8
together.

7.      Acceptance of the Long Range Facilities Plan (LRFP); Provide Direction
        to Staff to Develop a Financing Plan, and, for Biosolids, to A) Retire the
        Incinerators; B) Prepare a Biosolids Facility Plan; and C) Coordinate
        Biosolids Options with the Energy/Compost Facility Evaluation;
        Regional Water Quality Control Plant CIP WQCP 10001.

8.      Energy/Compost Facility Action Plan Presentation; and Approval of
        Amendment No. 2 to Contract C11136602 with Alternative Resources,
        Inc. in the Amount of $290,224 for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of
        $517,682 for Assistance with the Energy/Compost Facility Action Plan
        Implementation and Adoption of Budget Amendment Ordinance.

                                         5                           07/02/2011
