                               MINUTES
storm drain system; and to remove trash and debris in commercial districts.
Street sweeping had always been a cost in the Refuse Fund.

Mr. Eggleston reported Staff determined revenues from the residential class
of customers did not meet costs, while revenues from the commercial class
exceeded costs. Under Proposition 218, the revenues from the residential
class had to be increased. The Cost of Service Study provided the cost per
residential customer for street sweeping, the annual Clean-Up Day, and
household hazardous waste, and Staff proposed adopting those costs as
fixed increases. Showing these amounts on bills increased transparency and
allowed customers to see the different services paid by refuse rates.
Customers could provide feedback regarding ways to improve or change
services. With regard to tying street sweeping rates to street frontage, the
community at large received benefits in addition to a clean street.

Council Member Shepherd felt keeping the City clean and storm drains open
was vital. These services had fixed costs, and maintaining rates at a
reasonable level was difficult.

Council Member Klein inquired about the topic for questions and discussion.

Mayor Yeh indicated questions should be focused on utility rates and
protests.

Council Member Klein asked whether the City charged itself the same utility
rates as any other customer.

Ms. Connolly answered yes.

Council Member Klein stated every city was facing community concerns
regarding paying more for water while consuming less. While water itself
was free, the cost to supply water was not. The cost of infrastructure would
increase due to necessary improvements. The total utility bill for Palo Alto
residents had increased only marginally.

Mayor Yeh highlighted the role of the Utility Advisory Commission (UAC).
The UAC had not approved some rate increases over the years. The UAC
considered each utility rate and the aggregate impact of increases. The City
Council did not consider rate increases lightly. The City would review other
resources for water and cost savings.

Mr. Perez reported water increased by $8.52 per month, gas decreased by
$18.03, wastewater increased by $1.40, refuse increased by $4.06, storm
drain increased by $0.33, and Utility Users tax decreased by $0.48. The
                                                                       Page 13 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/18/12
