                               MINUTES
He wondered if more cities were getting involved, where this left the Sister
Cities Program and what the difference was in the present educational
programs and Yangpu China.

Mr. Fehrenbach commented that Neighbor’s Abroad meant mainly building
cultural relationships and was a way to engage citizens in Palo Alto. He said
Neighbor’s Abroad expressed interest in being involved in Yangpu China.

Mr. Keene said a lot of the visitors from other countries helped show what
opportunities there were. These relationships made clear the criteria for
participation, allowing people to see new potential in economic, intellectual,
and innovative ways. Palo Alto did not have infrastructure requirements
outlined, but the Bay Area Council partnership helped to build requirements.
There was a potential for the Sister Cities relationships to evolve and said
the criteria that should be discussed was why, who, and how was Palo Alto
going to support and sustain these relationships.

Council Member Espinosa thought it was good to understand what the
relationship looked like before engaging in a partnership, but more
importantly, deciding where in the world Palo Alto should build partnerships,
rather than being reactive about decisions.

Mayor Yeh said there was some discussion on different ways for community
members to be engaged with the Sister Cities Programs and what it meant
to have an inactive status. There was an acknowledgement from Neighbor’s
Abroad that some programs might need to be reinvigorated. The Student
Internship Program was not intended to touch City Staff, the responsibility
was on parents. One reason for choosing China was Palo Alto had a 15
percent Asian population, and in high schools the ratio was higher. He said
this was an opportunity for people who were not civically engaged to be
involved. He pointed out that Staff was not using time to arrange the 2013
Symposium in China, but was going to use time for the 2014 Conference
held in Palo Alto. He said Stanford Research Park received a lot of interest
to host and set up meetings.

Mr. Keene said this was fair criticism and said they safeguarded themselves
a little by creating a three year pilot program with Yangpu. He thought Staff
learned a lot on how to build and sustain these types of relationships. Who
Palo Alto wanted to be partnered with was a conversation that needed to
happen in the future. In the case of Heidelberg and the dialogue had there,
he asked if there were practices, leadership lessons, or healthy competition
that could be used in the realm of municipal urban sustainability
improvements that a city was able to make. With regard to the Sister Cities
relationship, there was proactivity on their part and said there was

                                                                         Page 9 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/17/12
