Council Member Holman read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to police canine
Aris z Kaplickeho hamru upon his retirement

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

3.   Proclamation of the Council in Support of Plug-In Day, September 23,
     2012.

Vice Mayor Scharff read the Proclamation into the record.

4.   Community Partnership Presentation – 20 Years of Clean Bay Business
     Program.
The Palo Alto City Council recognized automotive businesses in Palo Alto that
have been part of the Clean Bay Business program for 20 consecutive
years. 17 businesses in Palo Alto were honored for participating in this
program, which has been successful in reducing heavy metal pollution from
reaching the sewers and storm drains by using an incentive-based rather
than regulatory approach. The significant decrease in heavy metal pollution
from these businesses since the inception of the program contributes to the
Regional Water Quality Control Plant’s ability to meet its stringent heavy
metal discharge requirements. Two businesses, Art’s Bodycraft and Park
Avenue Motors, were represented at the Council meeting and received their
20-year Clean Bay Business Plaques from Mayor Yeh. Steve Kirksey,
representing Park Avenue Motors, addressed the Council and spoke about
the value of the program to his company, his desire to lead by example to
reduce pollution, and the great assistance he has received from the City’s
program manager, Margaret Zittle.

STUDY SESSION

5.   Preliminary Review of Proposed Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC)
     Affordable Senior Housing Development at 567-595 Maybell Avenue.
Steven Turner, Advance Planning Manager gave a brief overview of the
potential use of the 567-595 Maybell Avenue property as an affordable
housing site with 60 units of senior affordable rental housing targeted to
very low income households and 15 market rate for-sale single family
homes. He described how staff is seeking feedback from the Council about
the proposed development. He introduced Palo Alto Housing Corporation
(PAHC) Executive Director Candice Gonzales and she gave a brief summary

                                   2                  September 18, 2012
