                                MINUTES
Molly Stump, City Attorney reminded the Council that the Staff
recommendation included extensive discussions with the applicant and their
agreement to that package. She asked the Council to invite the applicant to
express their views regarding possible changes.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated this was not a good retail location. Splitting the
retail and non-profit space could provide a vibrant corner. Non-profit
organizations had difficulty finding office space in Downtown Palo Alto.

Council Member Klein said the basic rule of economics was retail attracted
other retail. More stores would increase the likelihood of success for each
store.

Council Member Espinosa could not imagine a non-profit use in this project
at the prior meeting. However, he had talked with non-profit organizations
since that meeting about uses Downtown, and now understood there was an
opportunity for a non-profit organization in this project. He would not
support the proposed Amendment.

Council Member Burt commented there was a secondary rule of not forcing
retail where it would not flourish naturally. There were many potential non-
profit organizations that would succeed at this location and benefit the
community. Trying to drive retail where it did not work well would not
create a benefit.

Council Member Price supported the Amendment. She was sensitive to the
plight of non-profit organizations, but it made sense to increase retail
opportunities at this location. She could not state whether retail uses would
succeed at this location, because of the reconfiguration of the site. She was
more comfortable increasing the economic vitality related to retail activity at
the location.

Mayor Yeh asked if the applicant was receptive to the changes in the
proposed Amendment.

Mr. Smith reported the applicant would do its best to implement the
Council's proposed changes. The applicant was responsible for leasing the
space, so it wanted to do that.

Mayor Yeh indicated the Council would ask for the applicant's views on all
other proposed amendments to the applicant's project.

REVISED AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Holman, Klein, Price Schmid, yes

                                                                         Page 27 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
