                                 MINUTES
Council Member Espinosa asked PARC Commissioner Markevitch to provide
an overview of the PARC discussion of the project.

Pat Markevitch, Parks and Recreation Commissioner reported the PARC met
many times to discuss improvements to El Camino Park. The PARC opposed
relocating the Julia Morgan Building into El Camino Park, and formed a
subcommittee to discuss possible relocation sites. The final three options
were the Golf Course, Lucille Packard Children's Hospital, and El Camino
Park.    The PARC took no action at the November 27, 2012 meeting
regarding the proposed project; however, the PARC had many concerns with
respect to possible negative impacts to the park including loss of trees, loss
of active outdoor field space, reduction of park impact fees, and loss of
parking.    Concerns regarding placement of the Julia Morgan Building
included park integration and connectivity, safe drop-off points for children,
and no well-defined concepts for programs using the building. More thought
and planning with regard to the project was needed in order to minimize
negative impacts to the park. If the Julia Morgan Building was relocated into
El Camino Park, four things needed to be considered as part of the overall
design: 1) underground parking beneath the soccer field at the north end of
the park; 2) artificial turf for the soccer field; 3) lights for the soccer field;
and 4) a bathroom for field users.

Council Member Espinosa felt few had considered the possible increases in
bus and bicycle traffic to the area. He inquired about the timeframe for a
traffic impact analysis.

Mr. Emslie reported Staff had performed a preliminary traffic analysis;
however, a detailed analysis was needed to understand the full extent of
traffic impacts and potential mitigations. With Council authorization, Staff
could have a traffic analysis by the end of February 2013 for the Council,
P&TC, ARB, other reviewing agencies, and the community.

Council Member Espinosa asked if the traffic studies would determine the
impacts to street congestion, parking, ingress, and egress.

Mr. Emslie indicated Staff typically used a wide catchment area for traffic
impacts, including intersections within several miles.   Traffic would be
modeled and analyzed based on customized conditions for Palo Alto. A
parking analysis would be performed in conjunction with a traffic analysis.
The project proposed a significant number of underground spaces. Parking
shared by the theatre and office building would be analyzed in the report.
That could be done prior to the end of February 2013.


                                                                           Page 10 of 32
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 12/3/12
