properties on Chimalus had homes on them in 1950. He noted the major
expansion mentioned earlier happened in 2004 which greatly increased the
risk. He reported that, even if a simple alarm did sound, there were
situations where it was best to shelter in place and other situations where it
was best to run. He was aware that CPI had substantially reduced the
amount of hazardous materials stored onsite by having more frequent
deliveries. He stated transportation and transfer of materials carried their
own risk of accidents.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere spoke regarding the value of the compost permit.
He wanted to call to the Council's attention some recent corrections made to
the feasibility study, in which some missing costs of over $1 million a year
for the export cases were corrected.           He indicated there were three
alternatives in the feasibility study: alternative 1 had local handling and
composting of all organic wastes; and alternatives 2 and 3 would export the
yard and food waste. Several months ago he found and informed Staff that
there was an error missing in alternatives 2 and 3 in which the cost of
dealing with the solid residuals left over from digesting the sewage waste
was not accounted for. With the passage of Measure E, the Council had
allocated money to study the next steps and a timeline and a process for
moving forward, and Staff took the opportunity to correct some of these
errors in the study. He noted the cost of the export alternatives increased
by about 25 percent, equating to about $20 million over a 20-year period,
net present value. As the studies progress, he thought the Council would
find that alternatives which handled all organic wastes locally would help not
only the environment, but also save the City money. He reported alternative
1A, which was closest in cost and concept to the proposal that they were
currently advocating, would be local digestion of our organic wastes and
composting and would save the City approximately $40 million over 20 years
compared to the alternatives of exporting waste. He indicated he also lived
in the Barron Park neighborhood and supported the Council's efforts to make
these chemical facilities as safe as possible.

Michael Adar stated he lived on Chimalus and was a neighbor of CPI. He
wanted to point out that CPI seemed to have been successfully luring the
City to convince everybody that the problems were smaller than the
community was making them, and that everything was under control. He
knew that was not true because it was demonstrated by an accident in 2006.
He indicated a new company applying for a permit today to put such a
factory so close to houses would be rejected. He reported the permit would
be rejected on the basis of incompatibility, and that incompatibility needed
to be solved now with a proper amortization of the investment in the
shortest time possible to stop the use of dangerous chemicals next to
houses.



                                      5                            3/05/2011
