                               MINUTES

Council Member Holman said the projects were included according to Staff
so her only concern was the 45 days.

Vice Mayor Scharff called a point of order that the Motion was seconded by
Council Member Shepherd.

Council Member Price supported the Motion and concurred with Council
Member Espinosa regarding the issues of fairness and the process laid out.

Council Member Klein confirmed that the two in process projects could not
move forward for 45 days.

Mr. Williams said it was not unusual to have a preliminary design review
without all of the compliance details worked out.

Council Member Klein asked if the 45 days would delay the final approval of
the projects.

Mr. Williams thought it would delay them, but indicated the projects could
move forward in the interim at their own risk in terms of ARB review. He
said that either project could solve the issue by paying in lieu fees, but was
not sure that either developer was interested in moving forward until the
parking issue was resolved.

Council Member Klein stated he reluctantly supported the ordinance because
he wanted to exempt the projects in process. He also agreed with Council
Member Espinosa’s comments because the Council’s job was to be fair and
equitable. He generally supported the Motion because the City needed a
definition of “in process” for future ordinance changes. Secondly Staff had
to return to Council with a recommendation of what the projects in process
needed to pay. He believed that the Council made it clear in 1987 that they
should pay some amount, and urged Staff to use a formula other than the
bond formula, which did not exist in 1987.

James Keene, City Manager said Staff would review that, but indicated the
opposite could be argued. In 1987 the thinking was to redress the situation
as it was then and currently they attempted to redress the current situation
which was more complex.

Council Member Klein was open to suggestions, but stated the bonds did not
make sense because it was a static amount. 2012 Inflation or property
values needed to be taken into consideration.

                                                                        Page 26 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
