MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mike Sartor stated he was proud     and humbled to be chosen as the next
Public Works Director to fix the     Refuse Fund, repair Palo Alto’s aging
infrastructure, completion of the   library capital program, closure of the
landfill and much more. He said      he looked forward to working with the
community, the City Manager, the    Executive Leadership Team and Staff on
all initiatives.

ACTION ITEMS

9.    Public Hearing: on Objections to Weed Abatement and Adoption of
      Resolution 9223 Ordering Weed Nuisance Abated.

Mayor Yeh announced that the Public Hearing opened and closed without
public comment at 7:33 P.M.

City Clerk, Donna Grider advised she received no protests.

Mayor Yeh asked if there was anyone from the public that wanted to be
heard. He said there were none and asked that the records reflect there
were none.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to accept Staff recommendation to adopt the Resolution ordering the
Abatement of Weed Nuisances in the City of Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.   Public Hearing: Approval of Request for Removal of a Category 4
      Single-Family Residential Building at 935 Ramona Street from the
      City’s Historic Inventory.

Director of Planning and Community Environment, Curtis Williams,
announced that Planning Manager, Steven Turner would be giving a
presentation.

Planning Manager, Steven Turner stated the 1980 property was added to
Palo Alto’s historic inventory as a category 4 structure, an example of a
Queen Anne architectural style prevalent during the time of its construction
in 1895. Since this listing numerous exterior and interior alterations have
occurred. He said the structure was purchased in 2007 by the current
owners and did not know it was part of the Historic Register. Last year, the
homeowners submitted a request to have their home removed from historic
inventory. They hired Garavaglia Architectural Inc. to prepare a historic
research evaluation and to access the historic significance of the building.

                                      4                         01/09/2012
