                                MINUTES
worth of capacity. Standard and Poor (S&P) and Moody provided positive
feedback regarding the City's revenues and demographics.         Given the
demographics and economic climate, the City should receive a high rating.

Mayor Yeh stated for purposes of considering the potential of a bond
measure, it would be helpful to know the maximum amount possible.

Mr. Saccio indicated Staff would discuss that with the financial advisor.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director reported a GO bond would be
based on the assessed valuation of properties in Palo Alto. Because the City
had relatively little debt in comparison to the assessed valuation, Staff could
determine that. Another option was a revenue bond for the Wastewater
Quality Control Plant. The public would not need to vote on a revenue bond,
but Staff would need to consider the capacity of the revenue stream within
the Fund. It would be more complicated, because partners were involved in
the Fund. He felt $100 million was likely. Staff would work closely with the
financial advisor to determine a range of funding.

Mayor Yeh did not want to risk the City's AAA rating.

Mr. Saccio recalled the City's Library bond was rated AAA. He believed the
City was in good shape financially to maintain a AAA rating.

Mayor Yeh wanted to prioritize basic government services first, and then
maintain flexibility with respect to Cubberley due to discussions with the Palo
Alto Unified School District (PAUSD).       There was still a great deal of
uncertainty regarding Charleston-Arastradero. The Council had not received
much community feedback, and the project did not involve land owned by
the City or have a City-wide impact. Improvements to the Civic Center
should be financed over several years within the Budget. The Enterprise
Funds were a separate discussion regarding a revenue bond. Because there
was some urgency concerning Animal Services, the Council should consider
a Municipal Services Center (MSC). Prior to 2014 the Council should discuss
long-term intentions for the MSC. He believed the Bicycle Bridge, Bicycle-
Pedestrian Plan, and Animal Services should have Friend groups to assist
with financing. The Council did not have enough funds to implement the last
Bicycle-Pedestrian Plan.      An active Friends group could hold targeted
fundraising for the projects most appealing to the community.

Council Member Schmid felt the Bicycle Bridge had potential funding from
Stanford and California Department of Transportation (Caltrans). The Post
Office would be self-funded if the Development Center occupied that
building. Priorities for the potential 2014 measure were the Public Safety
                                                                         Page 17 of 21
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/13/12
