                               MINUTES
option was encouraging people to use alternative modes of transportation.
Staff had discussed with Caltrain new pilot programs for Go Passes. If the
City built supply, it had to ensure people used it. An RPP program would
probably be the final piece in the Downtown parking program to eliminate
parking in neighborhoods. There were many ways to estimate the true
deficit of parking spaces. As Staff developed the RFP and scope of work for
the Downtown Cap Study, they would need to define the method for
determining the parking deficit.

Council Member Klein stated that when he looked at the minutes of Mayor
Fazzino’s farewell meeting in 1983 he was surprised to see that one item on
the agenda was Downtown Parking.

Council Member Shepherd inquired about the method for addressing each of
the 11 Recommendations.

Mayor Yeh indicated the last matrix was presented to allow Council Members
to review specific Recommendations. Staff was open to a discussion of
topics as well as Recommendations.

Council Member Shepherd inquired if she should discuss topics at the current
time.

Mayor Yeh stated Staff wanted to receive Council feedback of whether they
would direct some items to the different next steps. Each of the 11
Recommendations could be separate Agenda Items.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Council would discuss each
Recommendation individually or move for Staff to return with each
Recommendation individually.

Mayor Yeh reported the matrix had an embedded work plan for Staff.
Recommendations 9 and 10 were open to Council discussion.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the Council would vote on the
Recommendations for action or whether Staff would return with the
Recommendations as they were completed.

Mr. Williams suggested the Council vote to move forward with the 11 items
outlined with suggested changes. Staff needed a sense of the full list and
the process to follow.

Council Member Shepherd asked if she could move for Staff to proceed with
the 11 items.
                                                                      Page 23 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/13/12
