                               MINUTES
following be added afterwards - qualified as tax exempt under Internal
Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3).

Council Member Klein felt the public considered non-profit organizations as
those qualified under Section 501(c)(3).        A range of Section 501(c)
organizations did not qualify for a charitable tax deduction and participated
more widely in the political process. It was not appropriate for the City to
sponsor an organization that could speak for and against City positions.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated many cities subsidized and supported non-profit
organizations not qualified under Section 501(c)(3) such as a Chamber of
Commerce.

Council Member Shepherd inquired why that was not included in the
language proposed by Staff.

Mr. Williams recalled the Motion from the prior meeting stated non-profit,
and Staff did not distinguish among types of non-profit organizations. Staff
left it as broad as possible.

Council Member Shepherd suggested the wording be a tax deductible non-
profit organization as opposed to a Section 501(c)(3) non-profit
organization.

Mr. Keene stated the Section 501(c)(3) category was large and not
restrictive.

Council Member Klein reported the City had provided space and support for
the Chamber of Commerce in the past, but a prior Council had decided as a
matter of policy not to continue that support.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Klein, Price, Schmid, Shepherd yes

Mr. Williams corrected the TDM monitoring portion of the Motion to state
Transportation Condition No. 3 on the second line and 20 percent mode split
on the fifth line. These changes affected various parts of the PC Ordinance
and conditions. Staff would ensure all changes were made prior to the
second reading.

Council Member Klein supported the Motion for a variety of reasons.
Existing zoning should be respected and not overturned lightly; however,
times and conditions change and it was appropriate to amend zoning
requirements. This location was an important entrance to Downtown, and it
was essential for it to be vibrant. This project did not cause the parking
                                                                       Page 32 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/14/12
