Council Member Burt also questioned the heat produced. He asked if there
was a single expert who could answer his question.

Mr. Albritton explained the batteries were gel to prevent leakage in the
event of damage.

Council Member Burt focused his question on the size of the battery and the
enclosure required in order to use a more compact battery.

Mr. Albritton stated AT&T was investigating smaller battery designs and
hoped they would be available sooner rather than later. He indicated the
Condition of Approval that obligated AT&T to use new technology.

Council Member Burt asked if that meant retrofitting.

Mr. Albritton answered yes. He said it was a cost-benefit situation for AT&T.

Council Member Burt reiterated the Condition of Approval required
retrofitting of new technology, but AT&T determined if the technology was
cost effective. He asked how that benefited the Community.

Mr. Albritton thought that scenario put the Community in the driver's seat.
He explained the Community determined if the reduction in size was
warranted with respect to the backup protection.

Council Member Burt asked if the Community would have to choose between
battery protection in an emergency and a compact battery box, if there was
a cost trade-off to AT&T. He also asked if AT&T was the sole decision maker
in determining whether to install a more compact battery.

Mr. Albritton felt the question was hypothetical. He said AT&T would expend
the resources and funds to include battery backup in its Palo Alto facilities,
because AT&T felt the backup service is important to the Community. He
expected AT&T would have the same motivations tomorrow as today to
include the battery backup for the Community. He expressed concerns
about replacing batteries every year with smaller batteries and confirming
the batteries were actually smaller.

Council Member Klein asked for the dimensions and weight of the batteries.




                                  18                    January 23, 2012
 
