                                     MINUTES
      Phil Bobel, Assistant Public Works Director, believed the funds were reported
      in the Budget, but was not sure where. Staff could provide that information.

      Council Member Schmid inquired where in-lieu parking fees were reported in
      the Budget.

      Mr. Keene indicated Staff would provide this information the following week.
      The Budget contained funds that would be appropriated in the current year.
      Funds that were collected, but not appropriated, would be appendices to the
      Budget. They should be included in the Annual Financial Report.

      Mr. Nafziger stated the in-lieu parking fee was for the University Avenue
      Assessment District. There was no in-lieu fee for the California Avenue
      Parking Assessment District.

      Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, noted the California Avenue Parking
      Permit Fund was located on page 71 of the Budget.

      Council Member Schmid asked how many spaces were located in the garage.

      Mr. Nafziger did not have the number of parking spaces, because there was
      more than one garage in the California Avenue District.

      Council Member Schmid asked if this paid for only one garage.

      Mr. Nafziger answered yes. Staff would provide that information.

      Council Member Schmid wanted to know the number of spaces purchased
      with the $2 million bond funds to compare it with the in-lieu fee for
      University Avenue.

      MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   Public Hearing - Approval of a Tentative Map and Record of Land Use Action
      to Create Six Residential Condominium Units at 382 and 384 Curtner
      Avenue.

      Curtis Williams, Planning & Community Environment Director, reported the
      project would merge two previous single-family lots and divide the property
      into six condominium units as a result of litigation and a settlement
      agreement. The condominium units were approved by the Architectural


                                                                             Page 23 of 25
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                         Minutes: 6/11/12
