                               MINUTES
that it was a rezoning and that the Site and Design Review process was
required. The issue of access and egress was critical. The Council needed
to be creative with respect to setbacks from Page Mill Road for pedestrian
access.

Council Member Shepherd agreed with Council Member Price's comments
regarding parcels along Page Mill Road, and inquired whether the rezoning
proposal would return to the Council on the Consent Calendar.

Mr. Williams reported the proposal would return to the Council at the first
meeting in January 2013, because of the need to have ten days between
readings.

Council Member Shepherd requested Mr. Rodriguez explain whether an
easement was needed for an extension of the double turn lanes.

Mr. Williams agreed and suggested Mr. Rodriguez could provide information
in the Council Packet for a second reading, if the proposal was on the
Consent Calendar. If the Council did not approve the proposal at the first
reading, then Staff would need to re-notice it and return to the Council with
an Action Item.

Vice Mayor Scharff supported rezoning the parcels. He had concerns similar
to Council Members Burt and Holman regarding an easement.              Staff
recommended the Council approve the proposal with Mr. Rodriguez
providing additional information before a second reading. He inquired about
the process should Mr. Rodriguez determine an easement was needed.

Mr. Williams explained the Ordinance would be an Action Item with that
additional condition, because the Consent Item would be the Ordinance as it
currently existed.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether the Council's vote on the first reading
would become ineffective should the Council not approve the Ordinance on a
second reading.

Mr. Williams indicated the second reading was the final reading if there were
no changes. If the Council made a change, then the Ordinance would
change and would need to return to the Council for a new first reading.

Council Member Holman agreed that many of the "D" overlay properties
were in the Baylands and the Foothills. There were also a number of
properties on El Camino Real with a D overlay. Some of those properties
went through Site and Design Review, because they became mixed-use
                                                                       Page 13 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 12/10/12
