                               MINUTES
was uncomfortable voting for a Project which she had not personally
reviewed. The route for accepting fill was out of sequence. The Council
would be approving a project for which it had not reviewed an EIR.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to
continue this item to a date to be determined by Staff to allow: 1) Staff
time to discuss with JPA and determine means of discussion regarding the
EIR; 2) consider the timing, staging, and the route of the fill; and 3)
negotiations of any fees collected as a result of the fill.

Council Member Holman supported the Project, but was concerned that the
lack of process would set a precedent.

Mayor Yeh asked for Staff's thoughts on the Council's role and responsibility
in reviewing environmental documents.

Mr. Williams explained each city has its own process for EIRs. If the Council
directed Staff to present an EIR, Staff would do that. It was unusual for any
EIR to be reviewed by the City Council as a whole. The P&TC typically
served as the City's process for vetting EIRs. The P&TC reviewed the EIR
and entertained public comments at the meeting.

Molly Stump, City Attorney reported there was no legal requirement that the
Council review or formally comment during the draft stage of an EIR. The
process was generally open to invite comment during the draft stage. The
City had a special role, because it was a member of the JPA and had a direct
dialog with the JPA to provide input.

James Keene, City Manager felt the Motion had two prongs. The first was
additional time for Council Members to review the EIR. The second was
additional time to obtain answers to Council Member Holman's questions.
He was unsure whether Mr. Materman could answer her questions at the
current time. The Council could have other questions engendered by its
review of the EIR.

Mr. Materman stated the EIR had been certified. The JPA would file its
Notice of Determination in December to move the Project forward. At that
point, the public could contest the EIR and the Project. The JPA met all
requirements for noticing and worked with Staff and the City's Commissions.

Mayor Yeh withdrew his second for the Motion.
                                                                        Page 8 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/13/12
