                                MINUTES
Of the 51 acres not capped, 8 acres had been undedicated and an additional
2 acres not part of the landfill had been undedicated, for a total of 10 acres.
The key objectives were to cap the landfill and open Byxbee Park to the
public; consider an Energy/Compost Facility; minimize costs; and maintain
compliance with regulations. Staff suggested the Council direct them to
prepare an Organic Resource Recovery Strategy (ORRS). The Request for
Proposal (RFP) process was the key feature of the Action Plan. Staff
requested acceptance of the Action Plan, because the details would change.
The RFP for landfill capping would occur in 2013, and Staff would present it
to the Council in early 2014. If the Council decided to proceed with an
Energy/Compost Facility, then Staff would negotiate a contract with
construction beginning in 2015. Staff expected the facility to be complete
and open in 2018. If the Council chose to export biosolids, Staff could
execute the export option in 2014. The biosolids process would occur
concurrently with the Energy/Compost Facility process.

James Keene, City Manager reminded the Council that Staff
recommendations would take significant time to occur, and Staff could
return to the Council during that time with interim reports.

Council Member Shepherd noted Mountain View during peak wet flows had
50 million gallons per day (MGD), and inquired whether it needed that
amount.

Mr. Bobel reported all partner cities had the same fundamental problem of
infiltration and inflow during rain. The average flow of slightly more than 20
MGD increased to as high as 80 MGD, which was the plant peak
instantaneous capacity.

Council Member Shepherd referenced the chart on page 2-5.

James Allen, Manager Water Quality Control Plant stated the chart indicated
the capacity of a trunk sewer and not the capacity of the treatment plant.
Most of the trunk sewers carried mainly Mountain View sewage.

Mr. Bobel advised this was only one of the pipelines coming into the sewage
treatment plant.

Council Member Shepherd inquired how partner cities participated in these
decisions.




07-02-2012                                                              111-128
