                               MINUTES
Mr. Richardson said his environmental consultant would be very happy with
that because the difference between stagnant saline wetlands and a tidal
change wetland were dramatic. He said they could work with the JPA to
figure out how handle it. He said that much depended on the engineering of
the San Francisquito Creek itself.

Council Member Burt confirmed Option G completely redid the irrigation and
all of the greens.

Mr. De Geus said that was correct.

Council Member Burt asked if they were able to establish any economic
value to that.

Mr. De Geus felt that within the next five to seven years it was likely they
would have to replace the entire irrigation system if they did not do so now.
He said that it failed frequently. The NGF’s pro forma added the capital
improvement later for Options A, D, and F. That was partly why Option G
fared better.

Council Member Klein was excited about the playing field options because
several years prior the Council was told it was not feasible. He thought it
was appropriate to call them playing fields because they were not
necessarily soccer fields. He asked how they planned to get rid of the
geese.

Mr. Richardson said there were a number of low and high tech ways. The
geese were attracted to the grass turf habitat, which was not their natural
habitat. Reducing the grass turf from 135 acres to 90 acres helped that.
Some of the other measures were to eliminate standing water and fresh
water. They also recommended trained dogs to move the geese north.

Council Member Klein said there were still 90 acres that the geese were
interested in.

Mr. Richardson said they were successful at other courses and he had given
Staff a number of people to contact. He thought they had already made
progress over the last year.

Council Member Klein was pleased to hear that. He asked why the noise
from the playing fields would be different from cheers for golf tournaments.

Mr. De Geus said that the cheers at golf tournaments were after players had
hit the ball.
                                                                       Page 14 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
