                               MINUTES
MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to direct Staff
to develop a pilot neighborhood grant program with $25,000 in funds from the
FY 2012-2013 City Council Contingency Fund. Staff would design a grant
program with the following characteristics: 1) clearly state which associations
or groups are eligible to apply for the grant. This should not develop into an
entitlement for any particular group and safeguards should be put in place
such that it does not exist. Furthermore, new and innovative ideas for
neighborhood events should get preference; 2) allow neighborhood
associations or groups to submit a basic application to fund events or
activities in their neighborhoods; 3) events to be funded would bring both
longstanding and new neighbors (moved within last 5 years) together in their
neighborhoods and would seek to incorporate interaction between generations
and cultures; 4) include a cap to the amount each neighborhood association
or group could apply for through the grant to insure multiple grants to
different neighborhoods; and, 5) Staff should have the pilot program ready to
go by the beginning of 2013.

Mayor Yeh indicated the proposal did not prescribe the types of events to be
held in the community.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the application process should be simple. Staff
should develop a simple program for the trial period. After one year, the
Council could make further determinations regarding the program.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that at the end of the first year of the program it
would be reviewed by the Parks and Recreation Commission.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to delete Number 1 in the Motion: clearly state which
associations or groups are eligible to apply for the grant.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Yeh asked the City Attorney for her thoughts on criteria for who could
apply for grants.

Molly Stump, City Attorney indicated there were standard, good government
items that could be included in the process. For example, sponsored events
should not charge admission and should have open accessibility.

Mayor Yeh noted the Office of the City Attorney would be involved in
developing program specifications. He asked if the Amendment was to
strike the first sentence or item Number 1.
                                                                        Page 5 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/24/12
