    current use to what it would be to move it forward. He explained if the land
    was worth $120 a foot, and it was zoned to something worth $90 a foot, no
    one would make the change. y land, he meant the land with the current
    use on the building. He explained you had to move from the existing use
    and the existing revenue stream on that, and that created a value, and the
    value to tear it down would have to be more than the current value. He
    stated that was basically what kind of incentives the Council could provide
    to get people to combine lots.

    Council Member Burt thought it was a good question, because the Council
    did not want an open-ended economic analysis. He described the economic
    analysis would evaluate the proposed incentives to determine whether they
    would have a reasonable likelihood of resulting in the land use changes
    envisioned by the specific plan over a significant period of time and, if those
    incentives would not result in that change, what incentives would.

    Council Member Schmid saw the broad context of the Council's action as
    performing an element of the Comprehensive Plan. He asked how the value
    of a given area's transformation on the rest of the City was measured. He
    referenced the Staff Report's discussion of resource impacts in terms of how
    much revenue could be generated by new business in the area. He stated
    the numbers generated by the types of developments being discussed paled
    in comparison to the real revenue generated to the City, which was property
    taxes.   He indicated the true value for Palo Alto for these types of
    developments are 1) offering jobs that bring young families to the City, and
    2) inducing families to want to live in Palo Alto. He said that meant the
    quality of life of the City had to be improved, and that was why it was
    important to take into account things like traffic impacts and impacts on
    neighbors. He agreed an economic analysis was valuable, but thought it
    should be put into the context of what economic change had a big impact on
    the City, the property values and life. He stated it was not the square
    footage value of this property, but what it did to the land values to the City
    as a whole.

    Council Member Price supported the proposed Amendment, as it made a lot
    of sense. She had a positive and hopeful attitude about the outcome of
    these efforts.  She thought the Amendment was clearly stated and
    appropriate.

    Mayor Yeh repeated the change of Staff evaluating the economic incentives
    proposed to have a reasonable likelihood to achieve the change in land use
    as envisioned in the East of San Antonio Subarea Plan and, if necessary,
    return to the Council with recommendations regarding this analysis.



                                    33                   February 13, 2012 
 
