                                MINUTES

Mr. Williams spoke with Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, who
did not feel the City needed any right-of-way or easement on this side of the
street. The County talked with the City about extending the second left-turn
lane, and there would be adequate width for that to occur without taking any
additional property.

Council Member Burt asked if the double left-turn lane currently extended to
these properties.

Mr. Williams believed one of the turn lanes did, but the other did not.

Council Member Burt inquired whether there was sufficient room to have a
double left-turn lane beyond these parcels.

Mr. Williams indicated Mr. Rodriguez had reviewed the proposal and believed
that would work without any change to the proposal. He would confirm that
with Mr. Rodriguez.

Council Member Burt wanted to ensure the City did not lose the opportunity
for an easement.

Mr. Williams was happy to confirm that with Mr. Rodriguez.

Council Member Burt was surprised the City would not need additional width
to accommodate an extension of the double left-turn lane.

Mr. Williams was unsure whether an extension of the double left-turn lane
would affect these parcels.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the Negative Declaration, adopt an Ordinance rezoning
a 0.6-acre site at 423-451 Page Mill Road from Single Family Residential (R-
1) to Service Commercial (CS), and adopt a Resolution amending the
Comprehensive Plan Land Use Designation of 423-451 Page Mill Road from
Single Family Residential to Service Commercial.

Council Member Price believed this was a straightforward application. She
expected the public would have many questions about the Site and Design
Review process and other issues related to a potential mixed use and
transition project. She was comfortable that development standards within
the CS Zone were sufficient to make a good transition and allow
opportunities for redevelopment of these properties. She did not believe the
Council needed to make additional points to the Motion, other than the fact
                                                                         Page 12 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/10/12
