problems with it, but overall they were not opposed to the concept. He
reported San Jose had indicated a concern about the amount of housing
they had been allocated, but they were not pushing back.
Council Member Price hypothesized that at some point in the next ten or
fifteen years, Palo Alto would decide to substantially, in concert with
Caltrain, upgrade the Caltrain Station at University Avenue, and along with
that there were some PTOD developments. She asked what the process
would be in this scenario, when the Council was viewing this as a GOA
rather than a PDA.

Mr. Williams indicated agencies were asking cities if they wanted to pass a
resolution making that designation, which then provided more priority for
obtaining transportation grants. Staff thought it would likely allocate more
intensity to that area; although, it was difficult to imagine how as they had
already allocated a level of intensity as a GOA that seemed to be difficult to
achieve. He explained that both the Downtown area and the El Camino
Real Corridor were appropriate areas to be reviewing higher density
development. He said the scale was the problem. He explained a much
reduced scale of intensity would accommodate a lot of intensity Downtown
or in the Corridor. He believed there would be another opportunity to re-
evaluate in a few years. Staff suggested a phased process starting with
some level of intensity in combination with transportation options. He
noted they were supposed to re-evaluate this every four years to
determine if changes were to be made in different areas. He stated at
some point in time, the Council could be comfortable with a PDA
designation for Downtown and/or the Corridor. He said the 25-to 30-year
growth scenario for these areas was unmanageable.

Council Member Price agreed in concept with Staff's recommendation, and
recognized that many factors were out of the City's control. She thought
the reliance on transportation policies and initiatives did make sense, but
her concern was the impact of that over time. She was disheartened to
see that in 2030 or 2040 they anticipated the use of transit, bicycle and
pedestrian to be about 20 percent. She stated the City had to provide the
opportunity, but there were some core issues related to individual choices.
She concurred with the need for an economic consultant. She asked if
Staff had shopped that around to any other cities who might be interested
in sharing costs.

Mr. Williams wanted to hear from the RHMC after its meeting on Thursday.
He stated if this was viable, he would definitely want to talk to other Santa
Clara cities about doing this on a larger scale and sharing costs

Council Member Price referenced correspondence regarding the One Bay
Area Transportation grant issue, and asked if they were amenable to re-
examining some of that criteria.

                                      25                           02/21/2012
