                               MINUTES
to consider for the parking garage study. This project's contributions would
help fund an expert to review that over the next six months.

Council Member Espinosa asked when the report would be finalized.

Mr. Williams indicated probably six months.

Council Member Espinosa confirmed conversations with Downtown North
would begin in September 2012.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Mayor Yeh inquired whether the applicant was advised of a pre-application
opportunity within the City of Palo Alto when the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) indicated the applicant should reconsider
the scale of the project.

Mr. Williams reported Staff did advise the applicant of a pre-application
process. He wished Staff had forced that issue, but the applicant chose to
go directly to the P&TC with the application.

Mayor Yeh stated the pre-application process benefited the applicant, Staff,
Commissions, the Council, and neighbors to the project.       The Council
included monetary penalties in the Stanford Hospital project if TDM goals
were not met. He wondered if the Council would like to include those types
of provisions in the current project TDM, and asked Staff if that would
require additional language within the proposed Ordinance.

Mr. Williams responded yes. Staff could provide some language and require
that agreement be presented to Staff before occupancy of the building;
however, Staff could not provide dollar amounts for penalties.

Mayor Yeh indicated the Council could include a general statement with
follow-up at the Staff level.

Public hearing opened at 10:39 P.M.

Paul Wright, President of the Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, stated from a
planning and economic development perspective, the proposed gateway
project benefits included: proximity to transit, the developer's commitment
to transit passes, mixed uses, increased foot traffic and exposure of
businesses in the development, dramatic enhancement of the entrance of
Lytton Avenue, increased business for Downtown and sales tax revenue, and

                                                                      Page 18 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/14/12
