                               MINUTES
decide on an Advisory Ballot Measure.

Council Member Espinosa confirmed that Staff could draft the Advisory Ballot
Measure language quickly.

Council Member Price inquired how a revised draft measure would be
different from the current draft measure.

Council Member Burt explained Staff would prepare revisions to the Master
Plan to reflect Council comments and the applicant's responses. The Council
could review the revised Master Plan before reviewing ballot language.

Council Member Price clarified that he was suggesting an interim step rather
than moving straight to draft language which would incorporate Council
comments.

Council Member Burt answered yes.

Council Member Price expressed concern about the expediency of an interim
step.

Vice Mayor Scharff was concerned that the Council would not have time to
review proposed language for the Advisory Ballot Measure prior to the
December 2012 deadline.

Council Member Burt explained proposed language would return to the
Council at the latest on November 12, 2012. The Council would have two
meetings, November 19, 2012 and December 3, 2012, to review the
language.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether Staff would have sufficient time to draft
the language under that timeline.

Ms. Stump believed the Council would not want to review the language for
the first time on December 3, 2012. Staff could work under that timeline.

Council Member Shepherd supported the Motion. Better access was needed
for pedestrians and bicyclists. The MacArthur Park Restaurant Building could
be located in another area.

Council Member Espinosa asked Staff to suggest wording for the beginning
of the Motion.

Ms. Stump suggested "direct the City Attorney to develop options for an
                                                                       Page 23 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/24/12
