                               MINUTES
     School Day Care Program Associated with an Existing Private School
     (K-8 Program) at 1095 Channing Avenue.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official said Staff anticipated that the applicant
and their closest neighbor would make brief statements regarding the recent
request for approval of the Conditional Use Permit, along with the
Recommended Approval Conditions.         There were difficulties with the
property line survey, with respect to the fence; the Approval Condition
discussed the perimeter fencing, landscaping, and pruning of ivy. She said
the fact that the church wanted to place the fence at the property line or to
build the fence at the same location, closer to the driveway showed the
churches flexibility. Staff supported the latest efforts of the applicant and
the neighbor.

Public hearing opened at 7:40 P.M.

John Miller, Architect for the Project read a letter on behalf of Evelyn Rosa,
the principal of the school. She said since the June meeting she considered
her neighbor’s concerns and has acted on them. She created a traffic plan
and absorbed the cost of the new fence, but the project was significantly off
schedule. Any delay to secure a building permit caused an incomplete
project before the next school year. She requested the approval of the
Conditional Use Permit.

Rita Vrhil said the plans for the project began in 2008 and neighbors were
not notified until November 2011. The notification was done by a posting of
a Proposed Application on the school property. She said the application was
set for November 3, 2012 and would have been approved, except for last
minute changes of the fence. The neighbor’s did not appreciate taking their
time to come to City Council Meetings. She lives on the adjacent property
and said she will bear the brunt of the altered traffic pattern.        She
encouraged the approval of the application and said her concerns were
resolved.

Lee Caswell represented the neighbors and recommended that Council go
ahead with the approval process. There were different issues, for example
one with the fence and some with trees but was glad there was a resolution.

Public hearing closed at 7:49 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to approve the Record of Land Use Action (Attachment A) approving a
Conditional Use Permit (CUP), modifying the existing CUP for the St.
Elizabeth Seton School to allow the establishment of a pre-school program in
an existing K-8 private school, to be located within a previously approved
                                                                         Page 6 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 12/17/12
