                               MINUTES
Mr. Ting responded yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether the agreement was negotiated five
years ago.

Mr. Ting stated the agreement was negotiated approximately five years ago
when the City established the boundaries of the District.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt an Ordinance establishing Underground Utility District 47
including portions of Homer, Cowper, Addison, Middlefield, Channing, and
Webster) by amending Section 12.16.020 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Vice Mayor Scharff was happy more utilities would be underground, because
undergrounding made an aesthetic difference. He wished utilities could be
undergrounded in more areas of the City, but it would be a slow process
because of the costs.

Council Member Shepherd felt the issue confused the community, and hoped
to provide explanations while finding a way to move forward with
undergrounding all of Palo Alto. The issue would need a period of public
comment and discussion regarding funding.

Mayor Yeh supported the Motion and agreed with Council Member Schmid's
comments regarding higher maintenance costs. Benefits of undergrounding
were emergency preparedness and aesthetics. Public understanding could
inform decisions for future Underground Utility Districts. He reminded
Council colleagues that the UAC was tasked with the responsibility of public
discussion.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Holman not participating

15.   Public Hearing: Adoption of an Ordinance Rezoning a 0.6-acre Site
      from Single Family Residential (R-1) to Service Commercial (CS),
      Adoption of a Resolution 9306 Amending the Comprehensive Plan Land
      Use Designation from Single Family Residential to Service Commercial,
      and Approval of the Negative Declaration for the Properties located at
      423-451 Page Mill Road (Continued from 12/3/12.).

Amy French, Chief Planning Official reported the project site of 0.68 acres
was comprised of four residential parcels on Page Mill Road, a busy arterial
roadway located near the corner of El Camino Real. The adjacent Page Mill
Road sites were zoned Neighborhood Commercial (CN) and General
Manufacturing.   The properties to the rear were zoned Single Family
                                                                       Page 7 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/10/12
