                               MINUTES
Ipek Connolly, Senior Resource Planner, reported wastewater rates for
residential customers were based on an estimate of winter indoor water
consumption, and were consistent with the methodology suggested. The
City did not measure wastewater specifically for each residential customer,
because there was a very narrow variation unlike the business sector.
Business usage could vary substantially from business to business;
therefore, the City based wastewater rates on actual monthly winter
consumption. Residential wastewater usage was based on an estimate of
indoor water consumption. Many agencies used that method, and other
agencies based rates on measured consumption.

Council Member Burt asked if the Mayor's direction was to question
speakers.

Mayor Yeh stated this was the opportunity to address questions to any
member of the public who spoke to the Council. Council Members could also
address Staff with regard to questions raised by public speakers.

Council Member Burt requested Staff provide a summary of the cost drivers
of water rate increases.

Ms. Connolly reported the City's water supply cost was approximately $1 per
ccf to SFPUC prior to FY 2006. A major regional infrastructure upgrade at a
total cost of approximately $4 billion was required for seismic and age
improvements. Currently, Palo Alto's cost for water was approximately
$2.09 per ccf; in a few years, that cost would be $4 per ccf; and beyond
2017, it would be $5 per ccf. The City was facing this significant cost
increase just like other cities.

Council Member Burt asked if that was the wholesale cost to the City.

Ms. Connolly responded yes. The City was also investing in infrastructure to
upgrade pipes, for seismic improvements, and for emergency preparedness.
Operating costs also continued to increase. The City was spending more for
capital investments in infrastructure compared to other cities. All of this
resulted in a higher rate.

Council Member Burt indicated the two major drivers were a complete
reconstruction of the Hetch Hetchy transportation system and a one-time
upgrade to seismic standards. In addition, the City was upgrading its water
system to prepare for emergencies. Perhaps that would help the public
understand why the increases occurred. He inquired whether in subsequent
years the City's groundwater system could handle limited sustainable
pumping to supplement certain uses.
                                                                       Page 10 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/18/12
