public benefits, it said, “ground floor retail—personal service or financial
service area.” He asked the Applicant how it felt about deleting “personal
service or financial service” and having only retail.

Mr. Baer said they were not comfortable because in that location was largely
pedestrian driven, not destination driven, and that financial services and retail
banking services for train riders was meaningful. He asked how Council would
distinguish personal service from retail service.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked Staff to define what “retail” was versus “personal
services.” He asked if sales tax was charged on personal services.

Ms. French said personal services were in the nature of salons. Retail carried
with it sales tax.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that the purpose of a PC was to grant exceptions
because there was a public benefit. One public benefit from the Staff Report,
was that retail would provide sales tax. He asked if there would be any
traditional retail concept.

Mr. Baer said that they would be glad to eliminate the personal service
component. He thought they limited in their application to Staff that the size
of the financial service would be limited.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked what kind of retail would be included in the project.

Mr. Smith said that the Lytton piece would be well suited for traditional retail
such as a coffee shop that would serve train passengers. He said that the
Alma site was a tougher retail location based on discussions with brokers.
The Planning Commission liked the idea of a financial institution on Alma
Street.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked about the square footage.

Mr. Smith said that it was about 1,500 on Lytton and about 2,700 square feet
along Alma.

Vice Mayor Scharff said that there was about 1,500 square feet on the ground
floor that the Applicant would charge about 50 Percent of the market for
retail. He said that he could understand that if it went to a non-profit. He
questioned why it was 50 Percent for retail, how the tenant would be chosen,
and why the City would subsidize a for profit retail business.

Mr. Smith said they presented the option to the PTC to have a nonprofit office
or subsidized retail. The PTC chose the subsidized retail. They would be
                                   14                     March 12, 2012
