Committee discussed the variety of animal services and how to handle it, but
felt that could go in conjunction with that process. She was curious about
how that process would work; she asked would it go first to the Committee
to decide whether or not there would be an overall policy to bring the actual
expenditures into play when the City offered a program or services.

Mr. Keene suggested there should be offline conversations with the Mayor
about this. He indicated there would be many Animal Services conversations
in the future, and Staff would want to determine the most efficient way to
work through those.

Vice Mayor Scharff was not concerned with whether the issue went to the
Policy & Services Committee or not. He said the question was how that
interfaced with the budget. He asked when the Finance Committee made a
recommendation to the Council on the budget.

Mr. Keene would want the Policy & Services Committee to forward their
recommendation either to the Finance Committee or the Council by the
middle of May. He thought the Finance Committee would have worked its
way through most of the budget by then, and a recommendation from Policy
& Services at that time would be appropriate.

Council Member Burt was not fond of the ad hoc approach in this case. He
thought there were pros and cons to each Motion. He stated the Policy &
Services Committee would consider the policy side of the issue.            He
expected community members who valued this service would ask for the
services to be kept. He said community input would need to be folded into
the larger picture. He indicated certain discussions could occur prior to the
RFP coming back; however, no decision could be reached without
information from the RFP. He believed the Council should think through
what the Committee would be doing and when.              He suggested the
Committee review the matter in the next few weeks, if it had time on the
Agenda, and then the Council would determine if the discussion should move
to the Finance Committee. He asked what the timing for hearing from the
RFP was.

Ms. Antil said Staff was determining if they could do a fast track of an RFP.
She suggested Staff could do something quickly and see if there were
responses. She indicated that sometimes deterred people from bidding.
She did not think Staff would receive anything by the end of May.

Mr. Keene felt it was a policy issue, but in the end there would be a big cost
component to this.

                                  32                     March 26, 2012
