                                 MINUTES
facilities on Churchill from Park to El Camino Real. That was not an element
of the Park Boulevard Bicycle Boulevard; therefore, Staff chose not to pursue
funds for the project, because of the cost of improvements to bridges.

Council Member Burt said if the Stanford Perimeter Trail was added, then the
gap became more important. The current route was not efficient for a
cyclist. He inquired about Water District and other sources of funding for the
Matadero Creek segment.

Mr. Rodriquez explained the Water District typically released a call for
projects in November or December for trail projects along levies. One of the
major requirements for submitting proposals was to have a feasibility study
and an agreement with the Water District. Staff's work plan included
completing a feasibility study in time for the call for projects in 2013.

Council Member Burt asked if additional funding was available for the project
once engineering work was performed.

Mr. Rodriquez answered yes.

Council Member Burt understood that the loss of parking on the north side of
Stanford Avenue could be recaptured by implementing diagonal parking on
the south side of Stanford Avenue and by switching traffic to two lanes on
Coyote Hill Road. He inquired about Staff's plan to have comparable access
to the area in the future and whether the City had a voice in any plans.

Mr. Williams reported Stanford was committed to angle parking. Staff was
working with Stanford on the Coyote Hill Road issue. Because the street was
within the City's jurisdiction, Staff could stripe it for parking and convert it to
two lanes.      Improvements along Stanford Avenue were subject to
architectural and site review at the County level. The County would provide
notice of a public hearing on the issue. The City could issue a notice as well
to provide input.

Council Member Holman recalled the inability to substitute projects and
asked about the flexibility of shifting funds from one project to another.

Mr. Williams stated that had not been specified, and the County could agree
to shift funds or return to an open competition for those funds. The City
could not depend on being able to shift funds from one project to another.

Council Member Holman clarified that her intent was shifting funds from one
project to another project identified in the proposal.



                                                                            Page 13 of 36
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                         Minutes: 9/4/12
