                               MINUTES

Council Member Burt felt having a CS Zone immediately abutting an R-1
Zone was not the usual transition. He recalled the applicant mentioned Site
and Design Review, and inquired whether the Council should have something
in the record to state Site and Design Review would be part of the review
process when a project was presented.

Ms. French explained a CS zoned commercial site next to an R-1 Zone had
height limit and daylight plane requirements, because of the adjacency
issue. Those would not be required if the R-1 use and zoning did not abut
the commercial property. The applicant's intention to have more than four
residential units was in the PTC record. Having more than four residential
units required Site and Design Review once rezoning was finalized. The
applicant stated his intention again in the current discussion.

Council Member Burt inquired whether it would be within Council discretion
to require Site and Design Review for these parcels either way.

Mr. Williams did not believe Site and Design Review could be conditioned on
a rezoning request. The Council had required Site and Design Review in a
few instances by applying the "D" overlay Site and Design Review on
projects. Staff expressed some concern about utilizing a "D" overlay in
random areas of the City.

Council Member Burt noted Staff's concern of utilizing a "D" overlay in a
patchwork manner; however, the applicant's stated intentions were not
requirements.

Mr. Northway reiterated the applicant's intention was a residential mixed-use
project.    The project would be subject to Site and Design Review.
Protections for the interface between residential and commercial uses were
built into the zoning. Neighbors would have a great deal of input into the
interface between uses. The Council as protectors would have the final
word.

Council Member Burt stated the zoning did not follow the applicant; it
followed the parcel.

Mr. Northway indicated the Council's implementing a "D" overlay would not
change the project.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff had considered the need for
easements. For instance, there was an interest in extending the right-turn
lane traveling southbound on Page Mill Road.
                                                                       Page 11 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 12/10/12
