Rick Jarvis, outside Counsel had reviewed an administrative draft of the
response to comments, and provided feedback to Staff on issues that he felt
needed addressing. He was satisfied that the FEIR as prepared adequately
addressed all the comments.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the concerns expressed by a couple of
citizens were outside of the time allowed to provide exception to the EIR.

Mr. Jarvis explained CEQA provided a comment period for the EIR, and the
City had an obligation to respond to any comments submitted during the
comment period; however, the City was not obligated to respond to
comments submitted after the comment period. He stated anyone could raise
new issues in terms of exhausting administrative remedies.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Council could rule against the
adequacy of the EIR based on public comment.

Mr. Jarvis stated that would be within the Council's discretion. He explained if
the Council felt the comments raised an issue that the Council wanted better
addressed, then the Council could direct Staff and consultants to better
address those issues.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to:
1) approve the Resolution certifying the Final Environmental Impact Report
(FEIR) and Amendment to the FEIR, 2) adopt an Ordinance approving the
Planned Community (PC) project (modify three retail structures, and add a
new park and ten single family homes on a 3.58 acre property) and the
eleven parcel Tentative Map (one commercial parcel including a 0.20 acre
park and ten single family parcels), 3) modify traffic signal at Embarcadero
Road & St. Francis Drive to provide left turn signal phasing on Embarcadero
Road, and 4) preserve access between project site and Shell Gas Station at
existing site connection with no net loss of parking.

Council Member Burt said this Project had evolved, the neighbors had
engaged in a constructive way, and the developer had responded to the
concerns of the surrounding neighbors and the Architectural Review Board.
He noted the community had looked forward to this Project for a long while.
He thought the Project was a good balance of competing interests. He
thought the developers had worked hard to provide something the community
would be pleased with, and he looked forward to seeing it. He felt the grocery
store would be a great addition to the community, and the Project as a whole
would be a net gain for the community. He believed the bulk of the
surrounding neighborhood was anxious to have the Project built.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted the process for this property had been torturous and
winding. He hoped the outcome would be a good one, and was pleased with

                                            40                     03/19/2012
