                            ACTION MINUTES
Public hearing closed at 7:49 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to approve the Record of Land Use Action (Attachment A) approving a
Conditional Use Permit (CUP), modifying the existing CUP for the St.
Elizabeth Seton School to allow the establishment of a pre-school program in
an existing K-8 private school, to be located within a previously approved
building designed to house Kindergarten and Pre-K classroom and after
school day-care program activities.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

19.   Presentation and Update on Council and Staff Visit to Yangpu District,
      China and Request for Direction on Next Steps of Partnership Between
      the City of Palo Alto and the Yangpu District of China.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to
accept the report of activities of the recent Bay Area Council delegation to China and
direct staff to continue pursuing a formal “Smart Cities” partnership with the Yangpu
District of Shanghai (Yangpu) by 1) Exploring the Palo Alto Unified School District’s
interest in creating a student exchange program, 2) Engaging with Bay Area Council
and Yangpu Officials to explore City participation in a “Smart Cities” Conference in
Summer 2013, and 3) Engaging the Stanford Research Park management and
employers to identify areas of mutual interest and potential collaboration with the Bay
Area- Yangpu Digitization Park management and employers.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct Staff to prepare a study session in the first half of
2013 to discuss metrics for determining whether a relationship with a
foreign city is successful and criteria for future relationships.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

18.   2012 Year in Review.

No action required.

20.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Yeh and Council Members Price and
      Shepherd Regarding Youth Council Liaison.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to rename the Council Project Safety Net Liaison to Youth Liaison


                                       4                      December 17, 2012
