                                MINUTES
Center. The Hoover Pavilion project opened and the City received $32.5
million in Public Benefit Funds to date. The Council approved the Lytton
Gateway Project, and the 27 University Avenue was underway. The City
Council helped to adopt a Bicycle and Pedestrian plan, of which $86 million
was spent, $5.5 million of that was spent over past three years. The
California Avenue Streetscape had approved designs that were going to be
seen this next year, along with the High Speed Rail, and the Arastradero
Traffic Calming plan; there was much discussion on Residential Parking
projects as well. The Palo Alto Stanford Trail program was very successful,
receiving many funds for different trails in Palo Alto.        Regarding the
Rinconada Park Long Range plan, it involved over 400 participants and
established methods to forecast the Long-range Recreational and Cultural
Conservation needs of the park, in particular with regard to the Main Library.
There were improvements and enhancements on phase three of the Bixby
Park Hills, where 10 acres were open to the public and the trail system
expanded to over 1/3 of a mile. In July, the Environmental Volunteers re-
opened the Sea Scouts Eco Center and the City planned on a Golf Course
reconfiguration. The Golf Course plan included 10 acres of Sports Fields
near the Baylands Athletic Center.         In the priority of Environmental
Sustainability, there was a Renewed Sustainability Initiative, which included
a Sustainability Officer and Sustainability Board. There was a long-range
plan in place for the Regional Quality Treatment Plant. Staff helped to
finalize the road maps for the upgrades, and they worked with five partner
agencies to consider utilizing wastewater, while controlling costs at the
Regional Facility. The City installed five Electric Vehicle Chargers in City
parking garages. The Palo Alto Clean Local Accessible Energy Now CLEAN
program was implemented, which had an initial design adjustment recently
made for Solar Development. The Council adopted a definition of Carbon
Neutrality for the Electricity Portfolio and there was consideration of
implementation of the plan in 2013. The Emersion Technologies program
launched the Utilities Innovation and Emergency Technology Demonstration
program, promoting the testing, evaluation, and deployment of technologies.
In the area of Energy and Water, they received seven proposals, with a
review in process. The Energy Compost Facility issued proposals prepared
to protect private sectors, which allowed the City to build the Energy
Compost Facility. The City entered into a potential collaborative, joining
California Green Cities to help decrease Greenhouse Gases. The Bay Area
Biosolids Collaborative was created to research the potential Extract
Resource Value from Biosolids. There was also the Cool Cities Challenge,
where the City submitted a letter of intent to consider participation. The
Environmental Impact Report was completed to consider the Plastic Bags
Ordinance Expansion to expand restrictions on large grocery stores that
were previously approved for all retail, and was going to go into effect for all
foods service facilities December 1, 2013. The City was in the process of
                                                                          Page 13 of 19
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/17/12
