                               MINUTES
Marcie Scott, Acting Manager Employee Relations Human Resources reported
the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) was a package of concessions that
reduced pay and benefits by 7.14 percent total compensation. It was similar
to the agreement reached with the Fire Union in the fall 2011, except it did
not contain an agreement on post-retirement medical contribution by future
retirees. The main components of the new MOA included a reduction in base
wages of 1.33 percent for all classifications; the employees would pay the
full 9 percent employee pension contribution; eliminated the $1,000 per
person professional development benefit; eliminated three paid holidays;
employees would contribute 10 percent toward their medical premiums;
established a second pension tier of 3 percent at age 55 with the final salary
calculation based on the average of the three highest consecutive years. As
mentioned, there was one issue on which agreement could not be reached.
In the interest of moving forward, the parties agreed to an impasse on a
post-retirement medical contribution. That dispute would follow the impasse
procedure. The total savings from changes in compensation were estimated
at $1.3 million annually. This agreement was a significant step in the City's
efforts to obtain equity across bargaining units to make similar structural
changes to compensation.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the Resolution amending Section 1601 of the Merit System
Rules and Regulations to adopt a new Memorandum of Agreement (MOA)
with the Palo Alto Police Officers' Association (PAPOA) effective May 14,
2012 through June 30, 2014.

Council Member Shepherd felt structural changes in compensation were
beginning to meet the City's expectations.

Mayor Yeh thanked Staff and members of the Police Union.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price encouraged Council and Staff to attend the upcoming
QPR training (Question, Persuade, Refer) on May 21, 2012 at 5:00 P.M. in
Council Chambers.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 1:06 A.M.




                                                                        Page 34 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
