    slowly improved the number of hotel rooms was decreasing. He knew
    families couldn't afford even the discounted rates at hotels. He noted the
    Ronald McDonald House charged $10 per night, but didn't turn away anyone
    who couldn't pay. He said the need was there for expansion and for the
    families served. He noted the Council had many decisions to make based
    on the facts of the issue and on how the proposal fit into zoning
    requirements. With regard to intersections and crossings, he noted the
    Ronald McDonald House provided shuttles to the hospital and shopping, and
    made it possible for families not to travel throughout Palo Alto, which was a
    benefit to the community overall.        He looked forward to the Council
    approving the Staff Recommendation.

    Christopher Dawes felt he couldn't add much to the good comments
    previously made. He appreciated the support behind the hospital renewal
    project. He noted the construction was well underway and Council Members
    would receive an invitation to the official groundbreaking in the fall. He
    stated it was scheduled to open for patient care in December 2016. He
    thought the project was very important to the hospital, patients and entire
    community; and was a great resource which would be utilized and valued.
    He strongly urged the Council to support the project.

    Herb Borock commented two contradictory events were happening
    concurrently. First Staff's recommendation was to initiate a rezoning.
    Under that Agenda Item, he stated the Council couldn't rezone based on
    what a project might be or the kinds of information presented this evening.
    Second, he said the Council had treated this Item as if an applicant had
    applied for rezoning rather than a recommendation from Staff for rezoning.
    He noted Vice Mayor Scharff had given the applicant an opening statement
    of 10 minutes and Council Member Espinosa had asked a question of the
    applicant; however, there was no applicant on this Agenda Item. He
    explained there was a project that had been segmented into two parts: one
    part occurring tonight, and the other was the future Sight and Design
    Review and CUP. He noted there would then be an Environmental Review
    for the Council's action and for the applicant's action. He stated the only
    justification in the Staff Report was that the process would give the Ronald
    McDonald House the feasibility of moving quickly in order to avoid the need
    to commit resources to purchase other sites. He stated this was not moving
    forward quickly. He indicated the Ronald McDonald House had filed an
    application for rezoning on October 27 and paid fees; however, the
    application did not include the fees for an Environmental Assessment, a
    CUP, or the Architectural Review. He thought Staff should have told them
    they needed a Comprehensive Plan Amendment and suggested a Site and
    Design Review, at which point the Ronald McDonald House could have
    completed the application. He stated they would have already had the
    hearings before the Planning and Transportation Commission, the
                                   44                  February 13, 2012 
 
