                               MINUTES
MOTION:       Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to: 1) authorize Staff to submit the draft 2007-2014 Housing
Element to the State Department of Housing and Community Development
for review: 2) include that the City of Palo Alto does not agree with the
ABAG process, and 3) remove Program H3.1.2 paragraph; “Evaluate revising
the BMR calculation to base the required number of BMR units on maximum
density allowable on the site rather than the total number of proposed units
in the development.”

Vice Mayor Scharff noted the RHMC could have spent more time on this
document, but time was limited. He wanted to see the RHMC and the
Council receive regular updates,, and have it completed within two years.

Council Member Shepherd felt residents were opposed to the Housing
Element concept; however, regulations required it.         The Council had
objected to the Housing Element over many years. She asked the City
Attorney to provide more details regarding the Menlo Park litigation.

Ms. Silver reported the Menlo Park situation was a serious lawsuit for cities
throughout California. It had been heavily reported and served as an
example of one of the worst case scenarios. Three housing advocacy groups
sued the City of Menlo Park, and used the Facebook development project as
leverage for a settlement. As part of the settlement, Menlo Park had to pay
$1 million in outside consulting fees to develop a Housing Element in a short
timeframe and pay attorneys' fees to the law firms that brought the lawsuit.
The most serious ramification in the settlement outcome was a carry-over
impact. Menlo Park had to provide sites for the current cycle of 2007-2014
as well as sites for one or possibly two cycles.

Council Member Shepherd felt the RHMC's attention to detail resulted in
significant changes to the proposed document. With regard to the site and
design review for projects exceeding 50 feet, she suggested including a
standard process of presenting these projects to the Council in a Study
Session.

Mr. Williams explained the Council would need to amend zoning to allow
heights above 50 feet, which would require Council review. A planned
community project required a design review as well. Neither of those
scenarios necessarily required a preliminary review, but that was outside the
Housing Element process.

Council Member Holman agreed with Vice Mayor Scharff that the RHMC could
have spent a great deal of time reviewing the Housing Element.



07-09-2012                                                            111-166
