that would greatly improve the block and provide services to the surrounding
residents.

Harold Justman said he lived in the downtown area since 1998. He said that a
significant number of homes in downtown Palo Alto either had no off-street
parking or inadequate off-street parking. The inadequate off-street parking
was often a result of a poorly constructed garage or one with shed doors that
have to be dragged open and closed. In 1999, he rebuilt his house on Ramona
Street. Prior to rebuilding it had no garage at all. He said he added a two car
garage and also remodeled a duplex and added a two car garage. He said
that was three properties since 1985 on Ramona Street that had added seven
parking spaces which then freed up the driveway for tandem and guest
parking for a total of 13 parking spaces. He said that residential homeowners
in the downtown area could be part of the parking solution and he did not
think it was a comprehensive analysis to always ask developers to solve the
parking problem.

David Van Nata of Hanna & Van Nata explained he was an attorney for the
development Applicant. He said they submitted a letter which hopefully
Council received in its package in response to Mr. Alsman’s letter regarding
the Mitigated Negative Declaration. He wanted to point out that they felt that
the Mitigated Negative Declaration adequately covered the parking issue as
far as the Environmental Quality Act was concerned and in addition as stated
by Staff, the parking issue in and of itself was not a physical attribute which
was required to be covered under CEQA. He said they also had much
discussion of the mitigation measures which he thought would be adequate for
Council’s findings in establishing that the CEQA matters were handled under
the Mitigated Negative Declaration by making the appropriate findings with
respect to those mitigation measures.

Mary Grace Bertsch said Russell Hancock asked her to speak tonight because
he could not attend. She explained he wrote a memo and read it verbatim as
follows: “My name is Russell Hancock and I live in the St. Claire Gardens
neighborhood. In my professional life I am the President of Joint Venture
Silicon Valley, but I am writing you today as a 25 year resident of Palo Alto to
express my support for the project being proposed for 101 Lytton. In my
view the project is a model of urban design and sustainability. It has the
support of many disparate groups including the Sierra Club, the Palo Alto
Housing Corporation, and The League of Women Voters. It has no opposition
from its direct neighbors and has the endorsement of Palo Alto City Staff. In
my view, which is widely shared by professionals in the field of urban planning
and design, the 101 Lytton proposal is precisely what cities across our nation
need to be doing in the face of climate change. The project situates housing,
retail, and office space directly adjacent to transit and densifies in a place
where density makes perfect sense. The developers are even providing
                                   30                    March 12, 2012
