for the City of Palo Alto. She felt it was a creative opportunity not only to
support the cultural and arts element, but also to have offices and retail.
She was a proponent of design solutions that work, and was excited about
this opportunity because the buildings themselves, the designs, the
placement, the profile were visible.        She thought this could be a
tremendously exciting visual experience. She stated the concept of a
community benefit element and a community use element being a beautiful
community plaza complemented the pedestrian and bike linkage. She
thought this was an appropriate use of these funds for purposes of design,
and it met many of the Council's transportation goals. She looked forward
to seeing this return to Council with more definition and more concepts the
Council could explore.        She stated it also addressed some economic
development goals. She thought there were a lot of elements of the
Comprehensive Plan that could be implemented by a creative design and
utilization of this property.

Council Member Burt asked whether reviewing the urban design, public
space and connectivity of bicycle, pedestrian and transit elements was
consistent with the initial targeting of these funds through the Stanford
Development Agreement.

Mr. Emslie answered yes. He stated the public areas under the tentative
proposal were being contemplated. He indicated the architecture of the
buildings, the public's use and enjoyment of the space, and the public's
interaction with the private areas were very important. He noted there was
a design and architectural element that would advise the pre-applicant's
architect to make sure the building face contributed to the overall usage of
the space.

Mr. Keene stated spillover of the connectivity issues to the buildings
themselves can inform such things as the placement of ground-floor retail to
make the public space come alive.

Council Member Burt stated those were the urban design and public space
elements of this. He understood that, because the Council would be setting
parameters and general guidelines for that space, the use of those funds for
these purposes would be applicable whether this project moved forward or
not.

Mr. Emslie agreed with that.

Council Member Burt indicated the Staff recommendation that was part of
the Motion didn't address those elements.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to insert after the parenthesis in the original

                                     22                           3/05/2011
