                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt felt the items in the matrix were not self-explanatory.

Mayor Yeh indicated Numbers 1, 2, and             3   should   correlate         with
Recommendations 8, 9, and 10 on Slide 10.

Vice Mayor Scharff explained Recommendation 9 was reaching out and
developing parking strategies. Number 2 would be part of Recommendation
9.

Mayor Yeh stated the information on Slide 9 for Number 2 would be the
details for Recommendation 9 on Slide 10. Number 2 on Slide 9 discussed
commercial loading zones, and that would be the extent to which Staff would
follow up on Number 9 on Slide 10.

Mr. Williams explained Numbers 1, 2, and 3 were Recommendations 8, 9,
and 10. The confusion could result from the use of residential in the matrix
and the use of commercial in Number 2 on Slide 9.

Council Member Burt asked if that was within a residential neighborhood.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Mr. Keene stated it was both short-term neighborhood and commercial
loading zone strategies.

Council Member Burt asked if the Motion indicated the RFP for garage access
would return to the Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff indicated it should be included in the Motion.

Mr. Williams said the contract for the complete parking study would be
presented to the Council the following week.

Council Member Burt asked Staff to clarify the topic being presented to the
Council the following week.

Mr. Williams indicated the parking garage study contract would be
presented.

Council Member Burt inquired which Recommendation included that topic.

Mr. Williams answered Number 1, the attendant parking study. Number 1
should state the parking garage analysis. The next step was to complete the
parking study, and not the attendant component.
                                                                           Page 33 of 36
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 11/13/12
