                               MINUTES
   2. Initiate zoning ordinance amendments to address height and site
      development standards for such facilities, and to provide for
      expeditious review of such projects and subsequent collocations; and
   3. Explore and develop incentives for use of the facilities, including a
      ministerial permit review process, favorable lease rates, and
      streamlined utility and encroachment permit reviews, for consideration
      with the zoning ordinance amendments; and
   4. Return to Council in 6 months with specifics of proposal and related
      ordinances.

Council Member Shepherd felt these were the right types of steps to answer
the question of coverage within Palo Alto. The design of the DAS system
was for single users only. The Council might need to expand that to other
carriers, which meant more DAS units. She asked if Staff had considered
that in this information.

Mr. Williams believed a logical component of the RFP would be review of
single carrier DAS and multiple carriers.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether the Motion should include space
for the City's emergency radio and/or wireless communications.

Mr. Williams reported Staff would ask that proposals address that factor.
Staff would consider proposals that best included that kind of set up.

Council Member Shepherd noted the Motion did not include that language.

Mr. Williams stated it would be a component of the RFP.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the City would have to pay for expansion
of fiber for backhaul.

Mr. Marshall indicated a portion could be charged to system expansion and a
portion could be charged to carriers for extending fiber as a new customer
on the fiber system. The City typically charged the customer for the
extension.

Council Member Shepherd inquired whether a carrier would be considered a
customer at the substation and would have to extend fiber.

Mr. Marshall noted all substations had fiber. He meant extensions to DAS
locations.

Council Member Shepherd asked if fiber currently extended to DAS locations.


06/25/2012                                                           111-109
