pathways, a picnic area, and other amenities, and use of $1.4 million in
Impact Fees for funding it. The Council's first amendment was to pursue
improved connectivity for bicycles and pedestrians. On the north section of
the park, across Alma into the proposed dog area, Staff proposed a
crosswalk. A traffic safety study was needed to confirm the location and
method for crossing. The proposed crossing was only 250 feet from an
existing controlled crosswalk on El Camino Real. Towards the south end of
the park, Staff was considering a sidewalk connection that would go across
MacArthur Park and connect with a bike path. The additions to 27 University
Avenue and MacArthur Park regarding connectivity would provide a
connected southern portion of the park. The second amendment was to
incorporate bike racks into the design. Siegfried Engineering Inc., the
landscape architect firm designing the project added 15 bike racks, each
supporting two bikes, in four areas. The third amendment was to seek an
alternative to the Public Facility (PF) zoning currently in place to restrict land
use to recreation or to serve as a disincentive for other uses. Staff
confirmed the existing PF zoning was as restrictive as possible for the
property. The fourth amendment was to incorporate a dog exercise area
and to expand the parking lot. Staff met with the PARCPARC to discuss
options for a dog off-leash exercise area. The PARCPARC voted on a dog
exercise area of approximately a half acre in the undeveloped north section
of El Camino Park. Stanford University would require some additional
environmental study as well as possible mitigations because of the proximity
of San Francisquito Creek. Due to the need for additional study, possible
mitigations, and limited funding, Staff recommended deferring the final
design and construction of that dog exercise area until a study could be
completed and funding found. Regarding additional parking, Staff met with
the PARC and presented options for expanding parking.                After much
discussion, the PARC helped select a design that added a loading/unloading
zone and 26 parking stalls to bring the total to 68 for the site. The fifth
amendment was to pursue an extended lease from Stanford University. On
April 16, 2012 the Council approved an amendment to the 1997 Sandhill
Road Development Agreement and extended the lease for El Camino Park for
nine additional years, from June 30, 2033 to June 30, 2042. The sixth and
final amendment was to return to the PARC for final design approval. On
September 27, 2011, the PARC approved the design, but recommended the
dog exercise area at a cost of $207,000 and the expanded parking lot at a
cost of $242,000 be funded by a source other than Park Development
Impact Fees. There was no other uncommitted capital funding available,
which explained the difference between the PARC's recommendation and
Staff's recommendation.       Staff understood and appreciated the PARC's
concern about investing heavily from the limited fund, but wanted to use
$2.275 million on this one site. Given Council's concern about the critical
need for parking and the anticipated increase in usage, Staff added the
recommendation for Impact Fee funding. Since the PARC felt the dog park
was a non-essential item at this park at this time given funding limitations,
                                       32                            04/23/2012
