Mr. Williams reported this Project would require 1.5 BMR units. Staff felt
obtaining in-lieu fees was more worthwhile than the difficulties associated with
monitoring and maintaining one BMR unit.

Mayor Yeh noted the applicant's presentation included a $1.66 million figure in
impact fees to the City and PAUSD. He asked what portion of that figure the
City would receive.

Mr. Williams reported the City would receive approximately $100,000 to
$150,000 from property taxes, property sales and utility user taxes, not
including the housing impact fee. He noted the in-lieu housing fee was 7.5
percent of the sale prices of the homes.

Mayor Yeh invited the applicant to respond to comments.

Mr. Baer reported the BMR in-lieu fee was estimated to be $1.5 million. He
noted the decision was to accept the funds rather than attempt to monitor one
unit. He stated the St. Francis intersection issue would be expensive, but he
thought he had a significant impact and therefore contribution. He indicated
that was different from the neighbors who would be traveling on West
Bayshore. He offered to review the St. Francis signal issues. He felt Fresh
Market was a spectacular grocery chain and would be an unbelievable
contributor to the City. He said delivering ten homes was an enormous effort.
He hoped for the Council's support.

Council Member Burt noted public comments concerning the adequacy of the
EIR, and asked Staff to respond.

Mr. Williams reported Staff was comfortable with the EIR and believed it was
fully defensible. He stated the City had hired Rick Jarvis as environmental
counsel to address this issue. He stated traffic in particular was based on a
zero baseline analysis, contrary to some public comment. He explained the
only existing uses that were included in the existing baseline traffic were the
two in operation at the time the Project started. Staff thought that was
adequate. He noted consultants were present to address air quality issues;
however, Staff believed the air quality issue was addressed. He stated it
would improve safety to have a sidewalk on West Bayshore, but Staff did not
feel this Project was creating a significant impact in that respect. Staff
believed the City had the final decision regarding historic significance as long
as it had adequate evidence on both sides, and Staff felt it did. Staff believed
that the EIR and associated Resolution were sufficient and defensible.

Ms. Stump agreed that the environmental documents were adequately
supported to meet the legal standard. She suggested the Council direct
specific questions to Rick Jarvis, outside Counsel.


                                            39                     03/19/2012
