Mr. Burns understood the concept and wasn't opposed to it. He didn't like
the recommended location for a variety of reasons. He explained the design
of the Business Park and Barron Park limited access to that area. He noted
moving the pieces affected the other Fire Stations and their response times.
He stated Staff still needed to review that, but it wasn't one of his first
choices.

Council Member Burt repeated Stations 3 and 4 had physical conditions that
put them toward the top of list of what do we do with them; and Stations 2
and 5 had geographic and demographic issues that put them at the top of
the list with the Fire Utilization Study. He thought Staff and then the Council
needed to determine an action and not have it spread among four stations.

Mr. Burns stated the recommendation to close Stations 2 and 5 and move
them to another location was not as urgent as Stations 3 and 4.

Council Member Burt asked whether the possibility of less than 49,000
square feet for the Public Safety Building was partially driven by trends in
policing toward mobile offices for sworn offices.

Mr. Burns replied it was true to a certain degree. He said offices for patrol
officers were patrol cars, especially with access to the Internet and mobile
data terminals, ability to write reports, and make telephone calls. Because
of this, Public Safety didn't need much space for writing reports; however, a
variety of functions would not change significantly. He thought the future
would involve storage and retrieval of data, so Public Safety would be more
reliant on technology. He indicated additional space would be needed for
increasing numbers of servers.

Council Member Burt asked if he had considered transferring some functions
historically performed by the Police Department to the Fire Department
when personnel were not on a call. He recognized that meant these
functions would be interrupted in an emergency. He suggested school safety
training might be one of those functions. He inquired if there was a
potential for better utilizing Fire Personnel during periods when they were
not on call.

Mr. Burns indicated they had not examined that, but it was a possibility. He
noted Fire Personnel currently performed a fair amount of that work. He
tried to have Police and Fire engage on an Ad Hoc basis, and wanted them to
be in schools and to provide inspections and training. He stated there were
opportunities to do more of that.


                                   31                   January 21, 2012 
 
