                                MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez said the design before Council that evening tried to respond to
those concerns. They originally had angled parking and the early feedback
from the merchants and area visitors suggested they not have angled
parking so traffic would flow. It was the equivalent of an 18 foot area with a
15 foot travel lane and a 3 foot gap. It was much more convenient for
traffic if someone was waiting for someone to head out of a parallel parking
space on the first block to just go around them on the left side versus if it
were angled like the rest of the corridor. For that reason they listened to the
community concerns.

Mr. Keene said that sounded like a good solution.        He asked if Council
Member Shepherd could turn on other streets.

Council Member Shepherd said she rarely used El Camino Real.

Mr. Keene said that he knew people’s practices and they would turn on
Sherman and then turn on Ash Street or another street. Everyone did those
sorts of things if a pattern emerged.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to make sure that the City stayed close
with the merchants on that because it was one of their clear angsts. She
knew they wanted a trial but she could not go through that without having
an understanding of how they undid the trial. There was no way to put the
street back to its current state. She said that the North County Courthouse
was on California Avenue and was a huge destination. She asked if they had
tried to embrace that in their schemas and planning to make sure that
people were walking from there down to California Avenue. She said that
they talked about putting the Police and Safety Building on Park Avenue, so
there were destination points in the area. She asked if they had looked at
enhancing that connectivity to North County Courthouse.

Mayor Yeh said there was as Substitute Motion and an original Motion. He
appreciated the question but there were several Colleagues who wished to
speak to the Motions.

Council Member Shepherd said she would not speak again and that was why
she had tried to wrap up her comments. She did not believe that the City
was doing anything between California Avenue and Park Boulevard.

Mr. Williams said Park Boulevard was not right at the Courthouse but it was
receiving a major pedestrian and bicycle upgrade as part of the Bike
Boulevard and the California Avenue Area Plan. He thought they would look
at other connections as part of the California Avenue Area plan outside of
the context of the street specifically.
                                                                         Page 71 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
