                               MINUTES
The Memo outlined a number of different policy directions for review, which
were aligned with the initiatives of the Governor and the California League of
Cities (League). In addition, the Memo outlined a number of other areas
open to exploration. Council Members requested Staff return with an
agendized Item in September for full Council discussion on these topics.
Staff should answer the bulk of the questions to the extent reasonable and
feasible by September; those questions requiring research could be
agendized for a subsequent meeting. Staff should also identify any legal
constraints to implementing initiatives and actions taken by other cities, the
League and the Legislature on related issues. Legislative action in the
coming weeks would likely affect future discussions, because State level
constraints would need to be corrected to enact the Governor's proposed
reforms. That legislation would enable cities to adopt similar reforms.

Council Member Holman advised that most action regarding labor
agreements concerned negotiation and were held in Closed Session. This
was a method to have a public discussion and to educate and inform the
public about opportunities and constraints. She hoped labor groups would
participate in public discussions, and looked forward to creative methods for
addressing employee retention and job satisfaction.

Council Member Schmid reported the engendering of this Memo was
Governor Brown's pension reform proposal. He asked Staff to define those
issues subject to the Council's discretion and those subject to State level
constraints and regulations. Staff and union input were critical to the
process.

Vice Mayor Scharff welcomed a public discussion of the issues and
constraints. The Memo raised many issues, and now was the time for
Council Members to raise other issues.

Council Member Shepherd reported the League was working to get a
proposal to the Legislature to make significant changes. It would address
many items in the Memo.

Mr. Keene stated many laws restricted local governments' abilities to make
decisions about benefits and costs. The League's main focus was ensuring
the Governor's proposed reforms were extended to local governments.
State laws, California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS)
regulations and interpretations, and State-wide pension and healthcare
programs precluded the City's ability to make decisions, even when
employees were willing to make changes. Existing regulations did not allow
the City to do anything to the taxpayers' and employees' benefit. The Memo
was aligned with the League's initiative.


07-02-2012                                                             111-142
