vote should be interpreted in other ways. She said that a study was needed
and that it was apparent that it would be a very complex study. She said
that she did not believe that the study would be completed in time to make
a decision to start the park in process. She said that she was 56 and did not
want to wait another 10 years to enjoy Byxbee Park. She said that she
thought that the intangibles in quality of life, health, recreation, and habitat
would be held up and unduly compromised for potentially years. She said
that she would like the park open as quickly as possible.

Cedric de La Beajardiere of 741 Jocina said that he supported the Staff
recommendations. He said it was fiscally prudent and avoided unnecessary
expenditures in the millions of dollars by retaining the Staff, equipment, and
permit and the capability to compost without increasing the costs. He said it
was environmentally responsible; it kept compost local and avoided 140,000
vehicle miles by seven 22 ton trucks and up to 285,000 vehicle miles by
private haulers. He said that was a pretty significant environmental impact.
He said this was permitted by Measure E, which called for rededication of 10
acres for an organics processing facility. He said that Enid Pearson and
Emily Renzel asked the Council to not prejudge itself to the study, but
capping the landfill prematurely or choosing to pay a high rent or stopping
the composting operation, getting rid of the equipment, laying off the Staff,
would be prejudging against the project. He encouraged City Council to
support the Staff recommendations.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, stated they have
several hundred members in this community and several of them told her
that supported Measure E because they felt that a study should be done.
However, none of them supported compromising the rest of the park for the
purpose of achieving Measure E. She said she missed the environmental
stewardship aspect in the objectives that were given to by Phil Bobel and
Staff. There were various regulatory objectives but there were no specific
environmental stewardship objectives. She said that the City of San Jose
was developing a master plan for 2,600 acres for their water pollution
control plant. While this was a temporary project, they have approved an
environmental stewardship program to enhance habitat for various species
and to do other quite intensive projects there. She said that Measure E
ramifications would take a lot of study and time. She urged City Council to
reject the Staff recommendations and to cap the landfill and stop the
degradation of the environment by continuing to compost. She said that it
was unknown if the Staff recommendations would be less expensive in the
long run. She said that the right thing to do was to return the park to
nature and the people and then determine how to comply with Measure E.




                                   18                     February 6, 2012
  
