immediate environment with the streetscape setting. She reported the ARB
findings were provided in the Record of Land Use Action (ROLUA) and they
referenced Comprehensive Plan Policies B13 and B14 to support the
approval. She stated ARB Finding 15 was not applicable to the project. She
noted Heather Young, Chair of the ARB, was present to represent the ARB
and its consideration of the project. She also noted the presence of Dieter
Preiser of RCC to answer the Council's technical questions. She reported
during the review process Staff met with Mr. Preiser at the applicant's
expense to assist Staff with the analysis of the application materials,
including the noise report. Mr. Preiser reviewed the AT&T letter regarding
the undergrounding of equipment and Mr. Coxe's statements regarding
exploration of alternative technology. Mr. Preiser determined that the
applicant's noise analysis was adequate in its assumptions and methodology.
She stated Staff had included a Condition of Approval to provide for onsite
testing once the equipment was installed to demonstrate compliance with
the City's noise ordinance and the predicted values prior to operation of the
site; and such compliance would be verified by Mr. Preiser. She noted Staff
had consulted a landscape architect from the firm RHAA to review tree
foliage screening of each location and to evaluate the potential for additional
plantings.

Mr. Williams indicated the focus had been on the design review aspect of the
project. He stated Staff was planning a workshop for the Council in late
February or early March to discuss evaluation of substation sites as potential
locations for pole erection, and to review the current ordinance and
guidelines for possible updating. He said Staff would not be proposing a
"wireless plan" or specifics. He noted the Resource Impact section of the
report regarding fees charged by the City for facilities and installations was
incorrect.

Heather Young, Architectural Review Board Chairperson, reported AT&T
initially presented an option with two transmitters atop the pole. She stated
the ARB requested AT&T reduce that to one projection, and AT&T did so.
She indicated the ARB and AT&T discussed ways to reduce the number of
pieces of equipment on the poles and to orient them in a way to minimize
the visual or physical intrusion on the local environment. She noted AT&T
made modifications based on the ARB's comments. She indicated AT&T also
reviewed alternate designs that might shroud the equipment; however,
those designs were not feasible because they increased the size of the
equipment. She stated AT&T provided color options for the equipment, and
the ARB recommended either a tan or brown to blend with the color of the
poles. She reported AT&T also located poles in locations with existing
evergreen trees, which would help equipment blend with the environment.
She said in locations without trees, AT&T proposed to add trees. She noted

                                   6                    January 23, 2012
 
