                               MINUTES
in parking for Transit Oriented Developments (TOD), and asked whether
reducing the percentage until the study was completed was feasible.

Mr. Williams did not believe the level of gain would be worth the effort and
time to change zoning criteria. The Council would have to follow the zoning
process to make those changes.          Changing zoning regulations would
probably take as long as completing the study.            Following Staff's
Recommendation would be better than temporarily halting reductions and
exemptions.

Council Member Holman recalled the Casa Olga Project received an
allowance to eliminate existing parking places, and inquired whether that
allowance was used often.

Mr. Williams noted the Casa Olga Project paid an in-lieu fee to compensate
for the loss of those parking spaces.

Council Member Holman stated the in-lieu fee did not move the City closer to
constructing a parking garage.

Mr. Williams reported that particular allowance was not used often. Most
projects generally kept on-site parking, because they did not want to pay in-
lieu fees. A few projects did eliminate a small number of parking spaces.
One project requested a one-to-one exemption, which was not preferable.

Council Member Holman referenced Staff's comments regarding private
parking garages being fully occupied or having security issues. She asked
Staff to obtain more information on possible cooperative relationships with
private parking garages. She inquired whether the Council could make TDM
agreements enforceable after the fact.

Mr. Rodriquez reported changing conditions of approval for a project after
approval was difficult, unless the project requested an additional permit.
Staff had placed conditions of approval regarding enforcement of TDM
programs on the last few large projects. Staff could not reopen an approved
project.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Council could enact an
overarching Ordinance to govern those projects.

Ms. Stump understood Council Member Holman to be addressing a general
police powers Ordinance that would apply to all businesses.

Council Member Holman clarified that the Ordinance would apply to existing
                                                                       Page 27 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/13/12
