Council Member Burt noted this site had two other considerations at least.
One was a community asset in the MacArthur Park Building. He said it was
an historic building, a Julia Morgan building, and was clearly going to be
preserved. He indicated the Council had the opportunity for reusing it
potentially on or adjacent to this site. He reported the Council had at least
one community asset in a function, the Red Cross. He explained one Council
Priority was Emergency Preparedness, and the Red Cross had been one of
the cornerstones of Emergency Preparedness. He felt retaining Red Cross in
Palo Alto was valuable and important for the community. He wanted the
Council to look for opportunities to reuse the MacArthur Park Building and to
accommodate Red Cross, and suggested that could possibly be done as one
and the same. He requested Staff provide the Council with documents
concerning the Youth Collaborative and the Teen Center Downtown, what
had been the case, what had been the plan and where that went. He felt
this would give the Council context, because it might have an opportunity to
address a variety of things without significant City expenditure, if any, and
really serve some needs. He indicated if there was support for pursuing that
concept, it might be helpful to Staff to know that the Council was interested,
not predetermining outcomes.

Council Member Espinosa was very interested in those exact points.

Council Member Holman referenced page 3 of the Staff Report in the final
paragraph regarding the lack of a formal application for the project. She
asked Staff to explain what was meant by that.

Mr. Emslie explained this had not been to any kind of preliminary review.
He stated the language was intended to mean Staff had become aware of
the design and begun to work with the applicant. He noted it didn't imply
that there was any formal process or had been any discussion from a formal
body of the City. He said it was meant to be indicative of preliminary review
and discussion of the design concepts involved.

Council Member Holman anticipated that this could be a PC or strictly a zone
change for a different district, but she anticipated that the public would
expect public benefits. She inquired when the Council and the public would
have an opportunity to provide input on the public benefits. She asked why
TheatreWorks was chosen and what was their opinion.

Mr. Emslie thought that kind of discussion could happen when Staff had a
better idea of the design layout and parameters, and there was more shape
to the projects as envisioned. He repeated Staff thought that was in the
three-month timeframe. He indicated that would be a good time to talk
about the benefits, because TheatreWorks would need to know that they had
a space that functioned for their needs. He thought that discussion could be

                                     28                            3/05/2011
