                               MINUTES
good solutions to fully integrate people who were living unsheltered or in
their vehicles and make Palo Alto a role model for the rest of the country.

Stephanie Munoz spoke regarding Proposition 17, which referred to
arrangements the City Council made for cutting employment benefits rather
than wages.        Health insurance was invented as insurance for the
community’s benefit so that the community was not stuck with the cost of
social services including health care. She urged the Council to meet with
other cities in California and the United States and work on the issue.

The City Council took a break from 7:30 P.M. until 7:50 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to continue Agenda Item No. 20 to a date uncertain.

Council Member Shepherd said the item was for an initiative on the 2014
ballot and it could be addressed after the City Council’s August recess.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed with Council Member Shepherd and said he
needed to think about the issue further. He did not believe he would have
voted for it if he was present at the High Speed Rail Committee meeting that
day and it would not have come to Council with a recommendation as it
would have been a 2-2 vote.

Council Member Klein said he thought it should be moved to the last item of
the evening. He had serious concerns with continuing the item. 2014 was
an artificial date and he had wanted the item on the agenda prior to City
Council’s recess because signatures were being gathered in 2012. The
proponents had to gain over 500,000 signatures for it to qualify for the next
ballot that had initiatives. He explained that could and would be 2013 if the
Governor’s tax initiative failed in 2012 and was put on the 2013 ballot. The
Council did not have a long period of time in which to comment and could
only take symbolic action. If Council was going to take that symbolic action,
he felt they should do it while it could have some impact.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to move Agenda Item No. 20 to the end of the meeting, to become
Agenda Item No. 23a.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Price no


                                                                       Page 30 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
