Council Member Klein inquired whether there were any excess spaces ignoring
the 16 for the office building.

Mr. Williams indicated it was just enough spaces including the 16-space
easement which totaled 140 for the two shopping centers. He noted there
were two tandem spaces provided in excess, but Staff did not count those.

Council Member Klein recalled the 16 easement spaces were not used much
by the existing office building.

Mr. Williams reported it was a non-exclusive easement, which meant people
at the shopping center could use those spaces if they were not taken.

Council Member Klein had not observed more than one or two cars from that
building parked there.     He was concerned about the left turn from
Embarcadero onto St. Francis. He had read the report, and noted the
intersection did not meet the test of having 100 cars per hour. He thought
the problem with the test was that it did not consider the speed at which cars
traveled from the Highway 101 off ramp.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that was correct.

Council Member Klein stated the cars were moving more rapidly than at any
other intersection, because they were coming from the freeway. He stated it
was hazardous and he worried about that. He suggested Staff reconsider
that.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff could continue to monitor that intersection to
determine if left-turn signals would be appropriate as the Project moved
forward. He indicated Staff had used the volumes provided by the applicant's
consultant when considering left-turn arrows on Embarcadero.

Council Member Klein asked how many additional vehicles Staff projected
making that left-hand turn onto St. Francis because of this Project.

Mr. Rodriguez thought it was about 65,000 and the warrant was about
100,000 or approximately two-thirds.

Mr. Black reported the traffic count indicated 25 cars made that turn in the
peak hour and projections indicated an additional 40 cars would make the
turn once the project was complete for a total movement of 65 cars.

Council Member Klein inquired if the City's test was 100 cars.



                                           20                    03/19/2012
