                               MINUTES
Council Member Espinosa wanted to understand the decrease in square
footage for the café area, and asked if the applicant would commit to only
1,200 s.f.

Marcus Wood, Applicant Representative reported a 1,200 s.f. café needed
revenue of $1,000 per day to be successful. He was not sure the space
should be a café, because there was not a population to support it.

Council Member Holman noted the project received a 30 percent parking
reduction.

Mr. Williams indicated the reduction was originally 22 percent, but that was
reduced to approximately 20 percent with the reduction in square footage.

Council Member Holman inquired why Staff recommended the elimination of
parking spaces when a parking exception had been granted. She also asked
for clarification of the language at the bottom of Packet page 4 regarding
reduced square footage and reduced parking spaces.

Ms. French reported the project had eliminated 2,550 s.f., in addition to the
reduced R&D space. The 2,400 s.f. included a back of house area. There
was no proposal to reduce parking spaces onsite. The reduction was in the
demand for parking, because the applicant had eliminated two housing units
and 2,550 s.f. of R&D space, and converted space to retail. Ten spaces had
been eliminated for the loss of R&D space and four spaces for the loss of
housing units. The applicant was not reducing the amount of parking
provided onsite.

Council Member Holman confirmed the demand for parking spaces was
reduced and not the number of parking spaces provided.

Ms. French responded yes.

Council Member Holman stated the amount of square footage being reduced
was 2,550 for commercial, while another portion of R&D space was
converted to retail.

Public Hearing opened at 8:29 P.M.

Sam Sparck expressed concern about the treatment of the water and air
pollution at the site. Previous measurements of groundwater at the site
showed a dangerously high level of various kinds of pollutants, including
carcinogens. He questioned the adequacy of the stated frequency and
location of testing. In view of the large number of residents present at the


06/25/2012                                                             111-85
