                               MINUTES
As sections of the wastewater treatment plant were rebuilt, he encouraged
Staff to consider a regional solution to the levee system or elevating
structures for protection from tidal floods.

Council Member Holman could not find information regarding the
Energy/Compost Facility EIR process. She asked Staff to integrate the EIR
process into the timeline so that CEQA analysis was built into the project.

Mr. Bobel indicated Staff would add the scoping process, and present it to
the Council in November 2012.

Council Member Holman stated that process on the timeline stretched from
July to October 2012. She inquired if Staff would create the checklist first,
and then present the scoping in November.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff would begin the checklist immediately, but could
add it sooner if needed.

Council Member Holman felt sequencing of the landfill cap and CEQA analysis
did not fit on the chart. She asked Staff to review that and ensure its
accuracy.

Mayor Yeh believed a list of cities contacted by Staff would be helpful.
Council Members would then contact other elected officials to initiate the
conversation.

Mr. Keene reported having specific action by the Council and a directive in
hand made this project more concrete. He would work with the Mayor to
contact elected officials and City Managers in other cities.

Mayor Yeh indicated parallel tracks allowed consideration of all options.
Options ranged from biosolids only to a fully integrated site.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

9.    Colleagues Memo From Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Members Burt,
      Holman, and Schmid on Council Direction Regarding “Benefits
      Strategy”.

Council Member Burt reported the Memo attempted to lay the groundwork
for systematic and long range discussions on the reforms needed to create a
sustainable system of employee pensions, benefits, and compensations.
Council Members wanted City services to continue at the level expected
while still having strong compensation and benefits for the workforce.


07-02-2012                                                            111-141
