Council Member Price requested clarification related to residential parking
programs.     The number that was discussed ranged from $250,000 to
$310,000 if the $60,000 for the parking improvements feasibility study
potential structure was included. She questioned what it would take for an
appropriate residential parking program, not just the analysis, but the
implementation and the annual cost for ongoing implementation.

Mr. Williams said that Staff was not prepared to answer her question,
particularly with respect to the ongoing cost without more analysis. He said
that their sense was to get things started up. There was $100,000 to start
the College Terrace program and that was used for a consultant to help do
some analysis of how the programs worked and then for the installation of
signage and some of the equipment associated with getting it started. There
was a little left over to help subsidize the first year. He said that they would
not need that consulting help again. He stated that they needed work in
terms of outreaching with the neighborhood to determine what level of
support there was, what the different varieties of ways to implement it were,
and if it would be two hour parking throughout or what. Signs were another
cost. He said that they worked with the Police Department and Administrative
Services Department to try to define their costs and particularly the cost for
the patrol vehicle. Some of the initial input for the permitting system led him
to believe that the initial startup costs would be between $50,000 and
$100,000. Perhaps more significant, depending on the level of enforcement
you have are the ongoing costs. He thought that they ended up with a figure
for the Professorville area for full time enforcement of approximately
$250,000 per year.

Mr. Rodriquez said $250,000 per year over five years was about right.

Mr. Williams said that was a five year amortization cost. He stated that with
College Terrace they did a program with less than half time enforcement,
which seemed to be working well there. He said that they had to do a more
detailed analysis but the startup costs were in the $50,000 to $100,000
range.

Council Member Price confirmed it was $100,000 for the startup and
requested clarification about the annual cost.

Mr. Williams said that the $250,000 was for a full time Community Service
Officer from the Police Department, the support necessary for processing the
permits in the Administrative Services Department, and some of the
amortized initial cost spread out over five years. He explained that was for a
full time approach, but it could be that half time was all that would be
necessary. He said that the cost was not insignificant, but depending on the


                                   37                    March 12, 2012
