                               MINUTES
Mayor Yeh reported the Council would begin the public hearing process on
the Ordinance adopting the Budget for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013. Two public
hearings on the Budget and related Utility rate increases were scheduled for
tonight and June 18, 2012, at which time the Council would take final action.
The Budget adoption included six separate rate increases: Dark Fiber, Gas,
Wastewater, Water, Storm Drain, and Refuse. Rate increases for Water,
Wastewater, and Refuse required majority protest hearings under
Proposition 218. Those hearings would be conducted on June 18, 2012.
When the Council opened the public hearing on the Budget, the Council
would offer the public an opportunity to speak on any Budget item including
the Proposition 218 rate increases. The Council discussion would be divided
into two phases: 1) the Stanford Budget-related items, and 2) all remaining
Budget items.

James Keene, City Manager, stated the City had a good process of allowing
the Finance Committee (FC) to work through the details in the City's Budget.
The Council would receive the Proposed Budget as amended by the FC;
however, the Council would not take action until June 18, 2012. The
Proposed Budget was listed as an Action Item, and the Council could take
some positions or issue direction to Staff. Staff focused on four main
strategies in proposing the Budget: 1) reduce Staff compensation and
benefit costs for the long term; 2) determine methods to control costs while
providing services at the existing or an enhanced level; 3) determine
revenue improvements to help balance the Budget; and, 4) determine
program reductions. The FC's Proposed Budget managed to sidestep the
issue of service impact.        Staff would present the methodology and
assumptions used by the consultant in the Cost of Service Study. By the
first quarter of the next fiscal year, Staff, the Council, and the community
would begin discussing the programs and services provided by the City,
methods to fund them, and the priority of programs and services. Both the
Policy & Services Committee (P&S) and the FC recommended not
outsourcing the Animal Shelter. The Proposed Budget included the FC
recommendation to reinstate basic funding and retain the Animal Shelter in
the City, while requiring significant cost savings. Staff would explain how to
reconcile the recommendations from FC and P&S relating to animal control.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director, reported the Budget process
began on April 30, 2012, when the Council referred the Proposed Budget to
the FC. The FC held six meetings on the Budget. This was the fourth
consecutive year of financial challenges and budget gaps. The Council had
narrowed those gaps over the last few years through $14.3 million in
structural adjustments. The Budget began with a $5.8 million gap, most of
which transferred from FY 2012 because of the lack of concessions from
                                                                         Page 5 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/11/12
