MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

15.    Recommendation that Council Adopt the Draft Cubberley Guiding
       Principles, Confirm the City Manager's Appointments to the Community
       Advisory Committee (CAC) and Review the Conceptual Site Plans
       Prepared Jointly by the Staff of the PAUSD and City of Palo Alto
       (continued from 04/09/12).

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to: 1) accept the revised Cubberley Guiding Principles in draft form, 2)
forward to the Policy Advisory Committee the draft guiding principles, the draft
conceptual plans, and the review of the composition of the Community
Advisory, and 3) return to the City Council for approval of the above.

1.    The meetings are to be recorded and minutes completed. (Costs of minutes
      to be cost-shared by the City and PAUSD).

2.    Documents, architectural drawings and other written communication
      provided to the Committees shall be made available to the general public
      as soon as possible.

3.    The City and PAUSD are supportive of Cubberley remaining a major
      cultural, educational and non-profit resource very important to the
      community’s health and vitality.

4.    The City and PAUSD seek to work cooperatively to explore all practical
      means to jointly re-use the Cubberley campus for both educational and
      community services.

5.    The City and PAUSD recognizes that both entities have significant financial
      interests in the Cubberley campus which both parties should be open and
      sympathetic to the interests of the other party.

6.    Both The City and PAUSD have ownership interests in portions of the
      campus: PAUSD owns 27 acres and the City owns 8 acres. The parties may
      consider relocation of its ownership interests within the site to facilitate
      optimal site layout and efficiency.

7.    To the extent possible, facility planning, architectural design, economic
      analysis or other expert service costs should be shared equally between
      the City and PAUSD for 2012-2013.

8.    While the Policy Advisory Committee planning should occur as cooperatively
      as possible, the City Council representatives and the PAUSD Board


                                           6                            4/16/12
