Parking was such a misunderstood issue. The project provided 164 parking
spaces. Another benefit, which was unique to the assessment district in the
downtown, which was that parcels were allowed a one-to-one Floor Area Ratio
(FAR) exempt from onsite parking but must pay into the parking assessment
district. He wanted to be clear that the parking issue was not from the PC
zone. There were inquiries about whether the allocation of total dollars for
public benefit and parking should focus more on parking. He stated that the
only hard cost in the public benefits of significance was the fifth floor rental
apartment units and BMR. He said that those were enormously expensive,
and that nobody built rental rather than for sale projects because there was
not significant return. He said that one of the questions Council would look at
would be if it preferred the project to be a 50 story building that was not TOD
because it would not have housing. Then Council could look at the allocation
of very large dollars from housing to parking solutions. He said that the
Applicants thought this was a great TOD project in that they provided 164
parking spaces when only 159 would be required.

Council Member Klein disclosed a meeting with Mr. Baer and Mr. Smith about
a year ago. He had no information he could recall from that meeting.

Vice Mayor Scharff had several phone calls with Mr. Baer and one with Mr.
Smith and he had no information to disclose from those conversations that
was not disclosed in the Staff Report. He also sat on a Parking Committee
with Commissioner Tanaka, who voted against the project based on parking.
He spoke about the things being under-parked and stated that had influenced
his thinking.

Council Member Burt received a phone call from Mr. Baer and did not learn
any information that was not disclosed in the Staff Report.

Council Member Holman had a couple conversations with the public and
learned that Mountain View allowed ten percent rather than 30 percent
parking reduction.

Council Member Price had questions about the TDM program. Related to the
issue of the commercial attendant parking she asked what had been the
experience in other communities.

Ms. Hughes said that it had not always been a feature of a project that was
without mixed use. They found that the valet parking tended to be more of a
balanced car management feature rather than adding more parking. She said
that added parking to the TDM plan or a project would reduce or erode the
effectiveness of the TDM goals. She said that they found that the valet
parking was a way to balance a situation. As this project was mixed use, this
would help the residents, tenants, employees, and community at large.
                                   10                    March 12, 2012
