                                MINUTES

Council Member Holman asked Staff to comment on their approach in
ascertaining from the County the flexibility and the process for transferring
funds between projects.

Mr. Rodriquez reported Staff would contact Santa Clara County to inquire
about the process for transferring funds if necessary. Staff believed they
had identified feasible projects and would need to follow the required
process.

Council Member Holman noted some projects had been vetted more than
others.

Mr. Williams indicated if Staff determined there was some language
regarding flexibility they could add to the proposal, then they would.

Council Member Holman said adding language to the proposal would be
ideal; however, discovering the process could be helpful.

Council Member Burt supported the Motion. There were many opinions as to
which projects were important; however, it was important to move forward.
Obtaining funding and building out the segments made it possible to
complete all segments. He suggested Staff include as much flexibility as
possible in the language so that the City was not restricted to only the
stated projects. He wanted to see if Staff could elicit an agreement from
Stanford for Palo Alto to have a stronger role in determining projects on
Stanford Avenue around the Dish area.

Vice Mayor Scharff was pleased the City was partnering with Stanford. He
hoped the County would accept the proposal. The important element was
making the application as strong as possible in order to secure funding. He
was pleased Staff took the initiative to draft the proposal and to partner with
Stanford.

Mr. Williams thanked Stanford for its collaboration.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Klein, Yeh not participating, Espinosa absent

Council took a break from 9:54 pm to 10:02 P.M.

20.   Approval of Response to Grand Jury Report on Pension and Other Post-
      Employment Benefits.



                                                                         Page 19 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/4/12
