                               MINUTES
Ms. Ratchye said there was a question about the landfill gas to energy. They
knew it was not carbon free. In this definition if they tried to get to carbon
neutrality they would have to neutralize the carbon emissions from the
landfill. She stated they would have to buy some offsets for the carbon
produced by the resources. Even though they counted toward the City’s
portfolio and were renewable they still had to follow protocol.

Council Member Burt stated his question was a little bit different. He asked
if there was a discussion and recognition that as a result of the definition
that Palo Alto was not within a relatively small distance toward 100 percent
carbon neutrality.

Ms. Ratchye said that they always knew they were close but they always
knew that there were some countable carbon emissions from some of the
City’s resources.

Council Member Burt said the last discussion with the Finance Committee
before they referred it to the UAC was about using a definition of 100
percent clean energy. They had the discussion and the record would show
it. They discussed combining the hydro and renewables. There was also a
discussion about whether they would have to exclude the Palo Alto Green or
include it. Staff was to look at that issue. He said this was something
different from what was discussed at the Finance Committee and referred to
the UAC.

Vice Mayor Scharff said Council Member Burt was correct. He said this was
completely different than what was discussed.

Council Member Burt thought the Finance Committee would want to look at
the options and understand and think through the ramifications.

Mr. Keene thought it was assumed in the definition of carbon neutral, but he
heard that it might be that the City did not want to use the carbon neutral
definition and that there could be an alternate definition that the City would
look at. He asked what objectives the City was trying to achieve and how
the definitions matched or did not match those objectives.

Council Member Burt said that was correct and that was part of the
discussion at the Finance Committee when it was referred to the UAC.

Mayor Yeh said that Staff shared that landfill gas was about eight percent.
He asked if there was a ballpark range.


                                                                        Page 45 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/16/12
