until November; therefore, the Council could be in a transition phase when it
adopted the budget. He stated the Council could do nothing, which meant
absorbing a loss in Fiscal Year 2013; could find some other partners, which
would trigger a need for a greater capital investment on the site, and the
potential loss of other revenue from a reuse of the site; or could have the
RFP information to review choices. He thought the Council could have some
informed discussions during the budget process.

Mayor Yeh supported the discussion of the different levels of service and
issuing an RFP to obtain a sense of services at the current level and services
to be provided by bidders. He asked Staff to describe the process a city
would undertake with its employees when contracting out services.

Ms. Antil suggested the City Attorney could discuss the legal requirements.
Staff tried to have these discussions with employees early, and sent notice
to employees last week rather than waiting until 30 days before the adoption
of the budget. She stated the conversation could continue with input from
Staff.

Mr. Keene explained the City would follow any of the contractual obligations
under contracts with bargaining groups and under the requirements of labor
law. Beyond that, he stated it was a courtesy to begin discussions of
potential outcomes as soon as the possibility was realized. He reported
there would be ongoing discussions with Staff in particular and in general as
the Council moved through the budget process. He said the City had been
fortunate over the past couple of years to have almost no layoffs, even
though it had given some difficult notices. He indicated that meeting was
the earliest possible opportunity to have this discussion.

Mayor Yeh knew that this discussion was the beginning. He indicated this
issue was in the context of Infrastructure and the balancing act that the
Council was facing. He knew Staff had additional material to present.

Council Member Holman inquired if Council could provide input regarding the
RFP in this particular case, as this RFP might involve more than the average
RFP questions.

Mr. Keene thought that was appropriate. He suggested some items could be
handled best in the RFP process, and some in the interview process.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired whether volunteers could perform some of the
items on the Animal Services comparison, such as patrols through the park.


                                  16                     March 26, 2012
