                               MINUTES
Mr. Williams felt Staff would need to engage with businesses and property
owners to determine impacts to them. The residents around the area would
be interested in the issue and offer input. Staff's recommendations would
be submitted to the public hearing process because there would be changes
to the Zoning Code.

Council Member Espinosa inquired when Staff might return to the Council
with preliminary information.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff could return to the Council in the spring if the
work program allowed it. Staff could return sooner if they could focus on
the Emerson Street corridor only.

Council Member Espinosa felt the project was a massive undertaking for
Staff. He wanted the Council to understand the project and the amount of
work involved.

Council Member Shepherd understood in 2009 Staff reviewed each building
to determine whether or not retail was the best use for the building. She
asked if that was the process Staff used and how much retail space was
eliminated.

Mr. Williams characterized the process as a block-by-block analysis with
particular attention to blocks in the ground floor retail zone. The analysis
had three components: 1) removing and adding blocks to the ground floor
protection zone, 2) imposing restrictions on some blocks that they could not
convert from retail space to office space, and 3) temporary allowances for
conversion of retail space to office space once a certain vacancy rate was
exceeded. With these changes, Staff hoped the core retail space would be
strengthened with flexibility to change between retail space and office space
on the perimeter of the District.

Council Member Shepherd noted the efforts made in the analysis, and asked
if the changes were intended to last only a few years.

Mr. Williams indicated the changes were not intended to be for a few years
only. Because zoning and circumstances change there could be good
reasons for reviewing the zoning. In 2009, Staff noted the corridors to the
train stations were not good retail spaces and it could be appropriate in the
future to change that view.

Mr. Keene reported in 2009 the City was at risk of losing important ground
floor retail space to office space under existing policies. That process
contained a series of trade-offs in restrictions and temporary allowances.
                                                                       Page 11 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/5/12
