                               MINUTES
by the City Manager and Mayor. He agreed with Council Member Klein's
comments. Holding a prescreening session would not preclude alternative
proposals, but he did not believe there would be many alternative proposals.
The Housing Element would consume parking lots for housing if the Council
approved it.

Mayor Yeh believed it was possible to hold a prescreening session with the
intention to provide information about the opportunity to offer alternative
proposals.    Holding the prescreening session would encourage other
developers' interest.    The consensus of the Council was to hold a
prescreening study session specifically about this site on September 4, 2012.

Mr. Keene stated the Council could do these things on parallel tracks. After
the prescreening session, the Council could determine its direction.

Council took a break from 07:24 P.M. until 7:34 P.M.

      B.    Prioritization of Infrastructure Needs and Other Infrastructure
            Matters.

Mayor Yeh noted the purpose of the infrastructure retreats were to review
and prioritize the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission's (IBRC) projects.
Each Council Member had the opportunity to review a memorandum
regarding prioritizing projects.

James Keene, City Manager, reported Staff was not looking for conclusions
from the Council today. Trying to obtain an agreed set of priorities would be
a mistake. Staff wanted to obtain impressions individually and collectively to
inform their recommendations. Staff would poll and test to determine which
projects resonated with the community, which funding sources worked best,
and a maximum amount of funding the community would support.

Mayor Yeh repeated the intention was to allow Council Members to discuss
preliminarily infrastructure projects.      If the Council did reach some
consensus points, then the projects could be inserted into the potential 2014
measure. He placed the Public Safety Building and the two fire stations as
the highest priority. Creating the most cost efficient Public Safety Building
was the basis of many Council discussions. His primary consideration was
whether the 2014 bond measure would build the future for Palo Alto. If so,
then the bond measure would need to be a larger amount. He asked for the
bonding capacity of the City of Palo Alto to retain a AAA rating.

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director reported the City had
very little General Obligation (GO) debt. The City had at least $100 million
                                                                        Page 16 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/13/12
