                                MINUTES
analytical response to the project.     She did not think it would be popular
with the public if built as designed.

Council Member Schmid pointed particularly to policy L49 in the
Comprehensive Plan. The goal was to design buildings that revitalized
streets and public spaces and enhanced the sense of community and
personal safety. He thought the goal of a mixed use project; even a fairly
dense mixed use project in the area made sense and fit in with the needs.
He pointed to the discussion at the ARB meeting and Commissioner Lew’s
point about how a building that was 250 feet by 450 feet with unbroken
length of façade was too long. He stated that if the project was on a
downtown block such as Alma Street it would not be approved. It was too
big and too much of the same module. He thought that while it met many of
the City’s goals, was in the appropriate spot for a denser building, and was
moving the direction of mixed use, the massing and scale of it seemed to be
incompatible with the goals of the Comprehensive Plan.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he would not support the Motion. He thought the
project provided needed rental housing.      He thought the City had an
opportunity to bring rental housing to Palo Alto when rents were rising. It
seemed that the issue was between having a 50,000 square foot R&D
building and having a mixed use building. The City’s policies, especially for
the location which was transit oriented indicated that it should be a mixed
use property. Policy B2 said, “Support a strong independence between
existing commercial centers and the surrounding neighborhoods as a way of
encouraging economic vitality.” The housing next to the R&D would result in
people living and working there and reduce carbon and greenhouse gas
emissions. He noted the site was near transportation and said that those
were all things the Council had looked for. There was also a policy to
develop the Cal/Ventura area as a mixed use district with diverse land uses
with two to three story buildings. The project clearly met that and noted
that they had recently designated the area as the only Priority Development
Area (PDA) in the City for housing. He said that if they denied the first
housing project in the area that came to the Council it did not seem as
though they were following their policies. Moderate housing was difficult to
come by and the project provided it. In terms of making land use decisions
that encouraged walking, bicycling, and public transit use the project was
near the Caltrain Station and was walkable to California Avenue. The way
the City supported retail was to put housing near it. His only concern
regarding the project was that it was not opened up. He was intrigued with
the Applicant’s comments that they could work with Staff to open the
design. He thought the notion of taking a month to work with Staff was a
positive thing. He wanted to ask Staff how that would work, if they would

                                                                        Page 35 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
