                               MINUTES
were added to allow electrical access for City-sponsored events. Musicians
who originally performed at the Farmers Market began performing without
any type of control or permitting. People also used the electrical outlets to
power other electrical equipment. The Police Department and City Staff
received complaints from the business community and local residents.
Businesses surrounding Lytton Plaza felt it was no longer a clean and
welcoming environment. Staff attempted to resolve the issue utilizing
existing Municipal Code sections and Park rules and regulations.          The
existing Noise Ordinance prohibited noise levels higher than 15 decibels
above ambient at a distance of 25 feet or more; however, not all Police
Officers were equipped with noise reading devices to enforce the Ordinance.
Staff needed a tool to resolve these issues. Staff attempted to work with
musicians directly and received a small level of cooperation. Staff presented
a recommendation to the Commission on October 25, 2011 to prohibit all
amplified sound without a permit. The Commission did not support the
recommendation, because amplified sound and live music were part of a
vibrant Downtown area. A subcommittee of the Commission met with
musicians, advocates, and stakeholders from the business community. The
musicians wanted as much unfettered access as possible to perform in
Lytton Plaza. Youth advocates wanted a place for teens to perform without
cost. The business stakeholders indicated amplified sound during business
hours (morning until 5:00 P.M.) was the problem. On March 27, 2012, the
Commission reviewed a draft plan to manage amplified sound at Lytton
Plaza. The Commission directed Staff to perform additional outreach and to
keep the permit fee as low as possible. The plan recommended by the
Commission stated amplified sound was allowed on a first-come-first-serve
basis Monday through Thursday from 5:00 P.M. to 10:00 P.M., Friday from
5:00 P.M. to 11:00 P.M., Saturday from noon to 11:00 P.M., and Sunday
from noon to 10:00 P.M. There would not be a permit or fees. A group
could reserve a time period by submitting a request through the City's
Special Events Team, and the permit fee would be $90. On June 22, 2012,
Staff began testing the recommended plan. Electrical power was connected
to the irrigation system to allow Staff to turn on and off power remotely.
There had been no reports of problems from the business community or
users. On August 28, 2012 the Commission voted 5-1 to recommend to the
Council the proposed amendments to the Municipal Code and Park Rules and
Regulations. Commissioner Walsh dissented, because she felt the music was
still too loud at Lytton Plaza.    Staff received general support and no
complaints from stakeholders during the five-month trial.

Herb Borock recalled Staff's Reports at Commission meetings indicated
complaints came from a single business person. He felt music from a
business adjoining Lytton Plaza was most intrusive to those using the Plaza.
Lytton Plaza had a history of being a free-speech area in the City, and there
                                                                       Page 16 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
