The City Council reconvened from the Closed Session at 7:00 P.M. and Vice
Mayor Scharff advised Agenda Item No. 1 would be continued to a date
uncertain, and there was no reportable action for Agenda Item Nos. 1A and
1B.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Adoption of a Resolution 9232 Expressing Appreciation to Kenneth M.
     Denson Upon His Retirement.

Council Member Espinosa read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Kenneth M.
Denson upon his retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Yeh absent

Kenneth M. Denson said in his 31 1/2 years working for the City there had
not been one day that he did not enjoy going to work, because he loved his
job. He said his career was challenging and rewarding. He was privileged to
be part of a team that achieved success that they could all be proud of.

Zack Perron, Palo Alto Police Lt. on behalf of Chief Dennis Burns thanked the
Council for recognizing Lt. Denson for his 31 years of service with the City.
He stated the Police Department was in a time of evolution and change.
There had been a remarkable loss of institutional knowledge and experience
within the ranks due to recent retirements. He reported Lt. Denson, as his
remarkable professional resume suggested, was a shining example of that
loss and the Police Department would greatly miss his experience, his
knowledge, his loyalty and most of all his sense of humor. He stated Lt.
Denson always represented the Department and the City with the utmost
professionalism. On behalf of Chief Dennis Burns, the Department wished
him all the best in retirement.

3.   Adopt a Village & Free the Children Community Service Project
     Presentation by Jordan Middle School Leadership Team.

Jordan Middle School 6th grader, Sydney Antil, and teacher Cindy Pappas
gave a short overview presentation of the Leadership Team’s annual service
project – Adopt a Village/Feed the Children. The middle school will be
organizing several community events to raise $5000 by the end of the
school year to donate to the Adopt a Village organization to assist a village
in Ecuador.

STUDY SESSION

                                     2                            3/05/2011
