                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid confirmed it was approximately 50 feet tall.

Mr. Stagner said he could not provide actual numbers. He knew the tallest
features were the thermo energy storage tanks and they were 90 feet tall,
but submerged in the ground 25 feet, so the maximum height above the
ground was roughly 65 feet and that was for the cold water thermo storage
tanks. Most of the building was less than the top of the tanks, but
architecturally they were blended in quite well.

Council Member Schmid confirmed that on El Camino Park there had been a
change since the last lease was extended and that was the reservoir. He
asked where the reservoir was on the park.

Ms. McNair said that the reservoir was to the right where the softball field
was.

Council Member Schmid confirmed that was a permanent structure. He
asked if the reservoir maintained its right to the ground when the lease
ended.

Mr. Williams answered yes. He said that the use of it was what had been at
issue.

Council Member Burt wanted to reiterate what the Stanford representatives
said. There was a real alignment between what they were doing in the
central energy facility and the initiatives the Council discussed earlier that
evening and Stanford’s movement toward a sustainable campus was
something that he thought was an outstanding achievement and something
that shared the City’s values and direction. He thought what would happen
with the facility was to be commended.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Klein, Yeh not participating, Espinosa absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Holman attended the Santa Clara Valley Water District
(SCVWD) Commission meeting the previous week. She registered a no vote
on the recommendation that they approve a 9.3 percent increase in the
North County for ground water production because Palo Alto was not served
by that. She said that it also was linked to the bond measure, or parcel tax
they were moving forward with. She also picked up an extra copy of the
protection/augmentation water supplies in case anyone wanted to review it.


                                                                           Page 26 of 28
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 4/16/12
