                               MINUTES

6.   Approval of Contract with Sandis Engineers in an Amount Not to
     Exceed $110,000 for Parking Garage Feasibility and Attendant Parking
     Study in Downtown Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff Absent

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Public Hearing: Consider Extending through December 29, 2013 a
     Moratorium on the Use of Certain Parking Exceptions contained in
     Section 18.52.060(c) of the Zoning Ordinance Related to the
     Downtown and California Avenue Parking Assessment Areas; and
     Considerations for Making Exceptions from the Moratorium for
     Proposed Projects at 135 Hamilton Avenue and 636 Waverley Street.

Curtis Williams, Planning and Community Environment Director asked the
Council to extend the moratorium for an additional 30 days. The correct
date was December 29, 2012, 30 days from the date that the current
moratorium expired. Staff did not present exception issues for the two
specific properties, because Staff had work to complete and all Council
Members were not present. Staff was scheduled to present exception issues
to the Council on December 10, 2012. Staff suggested the moratorium be
extended to December 29, 2012, with a further extension of one year at that
time. State law allowed one year for the final extension. Eight votes were
needed to approve the extension of the moratorium.

Public Hearing opened at 8:00 P.M.

Robert Moss expected the moratorium to be extended for 10 1/2 months
pursuant to State law. He recognized parking problems in Downtown and
adjacent neighborhoods. There would be a lag in consideration of the
moratorium, because of the incoming Council Members. He suggested
extending the moratorium for six months for Staff to consider modification of
the moratorium and changes to the requirement of on-site parking for new
developments.

Herb Borock believed the standard of Ordinance 3575 should be restored.
He suggested the Council direct Staff to present language for the current
moratorium indicating that any project that had received a final
recommendation from the Architectural Review Board (ARB) at the time the
moratorium first appeared on the Agenda would be exempt.

Faith Bell stated her business would be significantly impacted by lack of
                                                                        Page 5 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
