                               MINUTES
The second part of the proposal was for Staff Reports to contain specific
discussions concerning the impact on youth and young adults if it was
germane to the specific Staff Report. The liaison's responsibilities would be
attending the Palo Alto Youth Council and Project Safety Net meetings and
outreach to other City-sponsored youth programs and organizations. The
Memo proposed one Study Session each year where the City Council
highlighted youth and teen issues and activities.

Council Member Shepherd indicated the Memo was a response to the Project
Safety Net team's request to have official Council actions. The Council had
integrated youth into its Agenda and City-wide actions. The liaison position
would reinforce those actions.

Mayor Yeh stated the role of the Council liaison would be to inform the full
Council of community events for youth and teens so the Council would know
how best to participate in community events. This action was an affirmative
step for Project Safety Net and would further the goal of institutionalizing a
Council Priority.

Council Member Klein recognized the good intentions of the Colleagues
Memo but did not support it. There was no problem statement. If the issue
was to involve youth in the process of government then youth should be
given the resources, authority, and autonomy to do things meaningful to
them. He noted the youth programs in Redwood City and Philadelphia. It
was misleading to state the position would be a Council Youth Commission
Liaison. This was a proposal to create a Youth Cabinet Officer. The proposal
granted too much power to one Council Member and set a bad precedent for
Council treatment of other issues.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked why youth was different from other groups and
why there should be a Council Member responsible for youth.

Council Member Shepherd said the Council did have outreach for youth.
There was a considerable amount of youth engagement in the community.
The problem was the Council's lack of awareness of youth activities and the
proposal was an attempt to mitigate that.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted the Youth Council met on the same night as the
City Council; therefore, the liaison could not attend both meetings.

Council Member Shepherd indicated other group meetings were optional for
liaison attendance.



10/22/2012                                                     111-483
