                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt felt an appropriate rental rate would include a subsidy
to ensure the use. The Council would not determine the rental rate, but all
Council Members felt a retail establishment would need a subsidy.

Mr. Janz stated the retail space rental charge would be lower than the R&D
space rental charge.

Council Member Burt asked if the applicant would voluntarily agree to the
Condition of Approval to include a retail food or beverage establishment.

Mr. Janz replied yes; however, the space was too large for the kind of self-
service café he envisioned.

Council Member Burt inquired about the minimum square footage the
applicant would commit to being a retail food or beverage establishment.

Mr. Janz understood the café would be located facing the entry rather than
the corner.

Council Member Burt indicated the applicant could choose the location
deemed to be the most successful. A better location meant a lower subsidy.

Council Member Schmid recalled past information indicated a density bonus
concession. The applicant would receive a higher Floor Area Ratio (FAR) and
a greater density of the project based on a concession of 17 Below Market
Rate (BMR) units. However, the current information indicated that did not
apply to this project. He asked why it no longer applied.

Mr. Larkin reported the applicant was proposing the same number of BMR
units and receiving the same concession.

Mr. Williams indicated that was an ARB (Architectural Review Board) Finding
that did not apply to this project, because it was not relevant.

Ms. French stated this was in response to Council Member Holman's concern
regarding Staff's presentation of ARB Findings.

Council Member Schmid asked whether it was moved from Packet page 17
to Packet page 27.

Ms. French reported ARB Approval Finding No. 11 did not apply to this
project; therefore, it was placed in order as Item 11 in the Record of Land
Use.



06/25/2012                                                            111-82
