spreadsheet was a manual system and represented a snapshot of needs. A
projection of the needs with automatic updating of requirements as due
dates approached was needed. He felt the spreadsheet was a clumsy and
labor-intensive means for managing a database. He stated the City must
implement a comprehensive system to maintain a database and provide
useful reports. He indicated a key element to eliminating catch-up was
having clear and accurate reports to inform decision making. He noted a
desirable capability for the system would be simulating or testing scenarios.
He felt such a tool would allow management to optimize funding and
maintenance cycles. He said a vital function was the delivery of readable
reports clearly showing where there were funding gaps or deferred
maintenance. He stated an IMS would make it clear to Council and Staff the
consequences of allocating funds away from needs. He noted Public Works
and Community Services regularly updated information in the needs element
of the database, and Finance provided current data on allocation and
availability of funds. He also noted the City Manager had information
available for review and action, and was responsible for ensuring that
sufficient attention was given to infrastructure issues. The Commission felt
this was too complex to be effectively managed without an automated
database management tool.          He referenced the Commission's seven
recommendations shown in the Report on pages 5 and 6. He noted that if a
management system wasn't utilized promptly, the good data in the
spreadsheet would soon become stale. He said the Committee had made
recommendations directed toward establishing a culture where allowing vital
infrastructure to deteriorate was unacceptable. He indicated all Commission
members agreed on the importance of advocacy through maintaining assets;
however, a significant minority did not see the need for a new public
commission for that purpose.

Stephen Levy, Co-Chair Finance Working Group, stated the Commission
viewed financing as two sets of capital projects: 1) the five facilities
previously discussed; and 2) a set of annual funding needs to combine the
catch-up and keep-up needs. He noted funding required for the Public
Safety Building was approximately the same size as the library bond. He
stated the Commission recommended the major facilities and long-term
projects should be funded by long-term borrowing, but the Commission did
not include means for repaying the borrowing. He felt thirty-year projects
should be funded by future generations as they would benefit from the use.
He indicated catch-up and keep-up projects needed annual funding of
approximately $6.5 million. The Commission reviewed a past business
license tax campaign and a parcel tax, and thought that a sales tax increase
made the most sense if the City needed an additional revenue source. He
noted a second potential annual source of funding was Cubberley. The
Commission recommended that a large portion of the Municipal Services
Center could and should be funded by a Utility Revenue Bond. He stated the
initial calculations were that might add 1 percent or 2 percent to the City's
utility rates. He noted two funding scenarios if the Cubberley savings were
                                     6                           01/17/2012
