                               MINUTES
Mr. Bobel said they could work to hit the points Council Member Schmid
mentioned. He thought the reports, especially the page mentioned by
Council Member Klein, had not been what Council needed and Staff would
revamp that and complete the reports themselves.

Mr. Keene said it was not a substitute for the report, but it had been awhile
since Council had a tour of the site. He said that there were many things
that had happened and there was an open invitation for them to schedule an
onsite tour, which he thought was a good idea.

Vice Mayor Scharff thought it was unfortunate the contractor had not lived
up to its promises.

MOTION:        Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to: 1) accept this update on the Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center (MPL&CC) construction contract change orders; 2) and
direct Staff to continue to submit bi-monthly reports to Council and to take
related actions which Council may direct.

Council Member Shepherd said she had thought about how the City should
communicate and manage the project. She stated that it was hard to
manage a construction project in the public sector. She appreciated the
comments about more complete monthly reports and looked forward to the
Closed Session and the next steps that would help the community follow the
City’s actions.

Council Member Espinosa asked if Staff had recommendations for wording
that could be added if an Amendment was made to the Motion that would
both set the date for the Closed Session and for any kind of reporting that
could come out after that. He hoped that in addition to accepting the update
and continuing to receive monthly reports there would be a commitment
that Staff would return with additional information that could be shared
publicly.

Ms. Stump recommended that Council direct Staff to schedule a Closed
Session as soon as feasible within the month of June 2012. With respect to
additional reporting items, she thought Council could direct the Staff to
return at the next reporting item with recommendation to further clarify and
explain to the public the procedures that were being followed, applied to the
project and were being undertaken by Staff to ensure completion and
appropriate protection for public funds.



                                                                       Page 15 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/4/12
