liability, 2) holding the un-funded liability steady, or 3) a 30-year closed
amortization.

Mr. Keene mentioned there was a scheduled action at the Mid-Year although
technically the adjustments did not need to be reconciled until before the
end of the Fiscal Year. He explained no matter the Motion provided during
this meeting or at the Mid-year, Council had some flexibility after the fact.

Mr. Bartel wanted the Council to understand a 28 year amortization was
paying in the initial period less interest. The interest only option increases
your contributions. Under that scenario the numbers for the ARC would
increase.

Mayor Yeh said in preparation for the Mid-Year and the budget decisions it
would be helpful if the Council received the data numbers indicated from the
Milliman low to the Bartel high with the spread in between.

Mr. Bartel asked for clarification if the question was how much work would
be required to supply those numbers.

Mayor Yeh clarified his interest was to receive a definite number and its
meaning if the Council chose the interest only option.

Mr. Bartel said his firm could provide any of those calculations but he was
still uncertain as to what was being requested. He noted the numbers
provided to the Council and City Staff in the presentation were the firm’s
best estimations for the liability and contribution and they did not think in
terms of minimum or maximum. He mentioned if the City paid interest on
the un-funded liability, the ARC would be higher than what was being
presented. In the range of order it could be considered the Milliman
minimum or the Bartel best guess and the no-negative amortization as being
an upper limit on the short term contribution.

Council Member Klein was troubled by Council considering              Motions
considering neither the agenda nor the Staff memo requested one.

Ms. Stump stated Council had a reasonable amount of flexibility in the term
providing feedback.

Mayor Yeh clarified there was leeway for a Motion as long as it stayed within
the confines of the discussion.

Ms. Stump agreed the parameters laid out were appropriate to be included
in a Motion.



                                     20                           01/30/2012
