                               MINUTES
missed an opportunity to develop economic development capacity.              She
appreciated the design of the building and the tower.

Council Member Espinosa asked the applicant to respond to changes in the
Motion: removal of personal services and financial services; shifting a
portion of the contribution from the Affordable Housing Program to parking;
and TDM compliance.

Mr. Smith reported the applicant was okay with the direction of the Motion.

Council Member Espinosa inquired about the cost of the concrete median
and why it was removed from the project.

Mr. Rodriguez estimated the cost for design and construction of the median
was $250,000.

Council Member Espinosa asked why it was removed.

Mr. Williams suggested the applicant needed to shift $500,000 from some
items to create the contribution to housing and parking. The concrete
median was removed and the traffic signal reconfiguration was reduced.

Council Member Espinosa inquired if the Mayor would entertain separating
the Motion parts and voting on the shift of funds from the Affordable
Housing Program to the parking permit program. He was concerned about
the Council not maintaining the commitment to affordable housing. He had
hoped the fifth floor would remain and be housing.

MOTION SEPARATED FOR THE PURPOSE OF VOTING: Council Member
Espinosa requested the Motion be bifurcated to allow a separate vote for the
following: 1) in the Ordinance, under (f) Public Benefits, subsection (1) a
Financial contribution of $625,000 to the City of Palo Alto’s affordable
housing program (in addition to the required $850,000 commercial in lieu
fee, 2) In the Ordinance, under (f) Public Benefits, subsection (2), a
financial contribution of $625,000 to the City’s parking fund and payment of
$1,476,200 to cover the cost of 22 in lieu fee parking spaces (at $67,100
per space).

SEPARATED MOTION PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Holman, Scharff, Shepherd, Yeh
yes

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid that where the words “non-profit” appear in the Ordinance that the

                                                                       Page 31 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/14/12
