of Highway 101. She suggested the soon-to-be-vacated downtown post
office could house some critical offices. She expressed concern over issues
being presented to the Finance Committee when they could also be
presented to the Policy and Services Committee. She requested Staff
provide information concerning the decline in sales at auto dealership, how
does the decline in Palo Alto compare with other cities, and if the decline was
affected by online sales. She asked where the sales tax collected, point of
sale or point of deliveries were at. She suggested the City look to boutique
auto dealers to replace some of the lost revenue.

Council Member Espinosa understood Staff's timing in not providing feedback
or preparing a Staff Report, but felt Staff's responses would be helpful. He
asked if Staff had an opinion regarding the need for and costs of expanded
studies and economic analyses. He indicated he needed Staff's thoughts in
order to review the different scenarios suggested in the Report. He inquired
if fundamental first steps had been formulated for moving forward, if Staff
had reviewed those, and if there was a timeline for moving forward. He
indicated he would like to have Staff's feedback before Council takes it up.

Council Member Schmid thought it would be good to add the possible post
office property to the Report list. He felt the item on page 57 was the most
articulate expression of sea-level rise and its impacts, because it impacted
the MSC and the Embarcadero Road area. He was disappointed that the
Commission did not make recommendations, as it was an opportunity for the
City to articulate its importance to future infrastructure.

Council Member Klein noted there was a fourth automobile dealer in town,
rather than three as mentioned in the Report. Regarding a cluster of
automobile dealerships, he recalled that the City previously was in
discussions with only one dealer and asked if that had changed.
Stephen Emslie, Deputy City Manager, stated Staff would provide a
comprehensive answer regarding discussions with auto dealers on Saturday.

Council Member Klein asked for the status of potential hiring of a
professional consultant with regard to the MSC and that area.

Mr. Sartor said it was currently on hold until the Council could discuss IBRC
recommendations and policy issues.

Council Member Klein noted the numerous references to moving essential
activities from MSC to the west side of Highway 101, and inquired where the
City had the necessary space west of Highway 101.

Mr. Melton spoke from the audience, indicating that was part of the
consultant study.



                                      17                          01/17/2012
