                      DRAFT MINUTES
prohibited because they wanted to preserve the nucleus of the
commercial and RND businesses. He said that was not the case
currently on the east side of the freeway, particularly in the
project’s location. There were four buildings with significant open
space. There has not been a close review of what the general
contextual changes would look like. Future discussions regarding
the Municipal Service Center (MSC) would determine the direction
that would take. He said that it was a permitted use that did not
require a conditional use permit but did require the site and
design review allowing Council to have the discussion.

Mayor Yeh asked if the shared driveway with the neighboring
parcel was under the purview of the City.

Mr. Williams said the City’s purview was to be sure that driveway
operated and functioned adequately for the project as proposed
in conjunction with the neighboring building. Staff believed that
it did. He said that the easement and the rights between the
property owners were private matters. There were claims about
potentially overburdening the easement, which was a legal term
that the City could not weigh in on but they understood that the
argument was out there.

Mr. Yeh said that if the project was approved that it was the start
of a new neighbor relationship. He said that Mustard Seed would
have two adjacent neighbors. He asked what Mustard Seed
planned in terms of relationship management as neighbor
relations were important for the long term.         He asked the
applicant how Mustard Seed had approached the neighbors in
order to discuss the use of the easement and the flow of traffic
and how they intended to continue the relationship going forward.

Mr. Jones said the flow of traffic and being a good neighbor were
important to the Applicant and Mustard Seed. Over the course of
the past year they worked very hard to explore the concerns.
That was part of the reason the process had been somewhat
lengthy. They worked closely with Engineering and Public Works
                                                                   Page 21 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
