                               MINUTES
Council Member Price felt the project illustrated how the City could truly
make California Avenue corridor even better than it was, more attractive,
functional, and something that was consistent with the City’s policies and
interest in things such as the Cool Cities Initiative. She said that it was a
different way to provide an enhanced environment for residents, merchants,
and people who provided street level activity. If they came by car, foot, or
bicycle the fact was that street activity was a core principle related to
enhanced economic activity on the street. One of the difficulties they faced
was the issue of the recession and the impacts on merchants which the City
was sensitive to and understood. The project provided additional public
space, landscaping, more canopy which cooled the area, parklets,
opportunities for people to enjoy the area, and for people to stay longer and
utilize the resources. She said that they appreciated the services along the
California Avenue corridor. The proposal provided additional seating for
restaurants and an experience that people wanted to have. She agreed with
several of the speakers that said slowing down traffic, which they did not
know would happen, provided the ability for individuals to connect with the
street. Her difficulty with a trial was that she did not believe it would
provide useful and defensible information. She did not think it would be a
definitive study that could really address the issues before the Council.
There was a long standing need to invest in California Avenue and they had
a responsibility to do that. The other issue was that she thought they
needed to ask the Economic Development Manager and other members of
Staff to accelerate business promotion for California Avenue. That was a
long standing concern that had been expressed and she wanted that to
complement a preconstruction aggressive comprehensive outreach along
California Avenue. She looked forward to the improvements and thought
the fountain area in the plaza and other project elements had great merit.
The proposal was well designed and articulated and she thought the
outcome would be fantastic.

Vice Mayor Scharff thanked the merchants for meeting with the Council
Members. He said that he met with them the past week and appreciated
their concerns. He understood why the P&TC made their recommendation
and said that Commissioner Keller explained it well. He stated that he had
his office on California Avenue since 2000 and visited all the merchant’s
establishments. He really liked California Avenue and on a personal level
was absolutely convinced the project would enhance people’s businesses and
make things better. That did not mean that he thought the merchant’s fears
were not legitimate. He understood that a small drop off in business was a
big concern, but he did not believe a trial was needed. When he met with
the merchants he heard that access off El Camino Real was the real concern
but he also heard about the slowing of traffic. He agreed with Council
Member Price and others that slowing traffic was a good thing for retail
                                                                       Page 63 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/23/12
