the Architectural Review Board looked for some kind of landmark, technically
called an “event,” that was different from the surroundings. She explained an
event made one think that they had arrived at a special place. There was a
proposal at one point that was a screening of redwood trees on glass. If that
was visible from the street and the train it would be very exciting. If it
disappeared into the glass and was not properly lit it would be a
disappointment. That was the kind of thing the Architectural Review Board
wanted to see come back because the project really was significant since Palo
Alto had a limited number of gateways.

Council Member Shepherd clarified that after the project was approved by
Council the Architectural Review Board would review the tower.

Ms. Wasserman said it was up to the Applicant to come back to the
Architectural Review Board. She said that they approved it with conditions.
She said that it could move forward through the process after Council’s
approval.

Council Member Schmid said he was struggling with the notion of public
benefits, which were subjective. He said that the Chair of the Planning &
Transportation Commission stopped a meeting and said that there needed to
be a heartfelt discussion about public benefits instead of dealing with
applications one at a time. In his four and a half years on the Council it had
only once had a discussion that dealt with guiding principles and that was in
May 2010 regarding the criteria for the preparation of the Housing Element
Sites Inventory. They passed a Motion that said that generally building height
was not to exceed 50 feet, but that Staff was to evaluate and return with
exceptions within a quarter mile of fixed rail stations. He said that was a
guiding principle for a public benefit that Council agreed on. Over the last 14
months the City discussed the Alma/Lytton site and had many detailed
discussions and emerged with 14 housing units as a public benefit. ABAG and
Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) asked for 2,700 housing units in
the next eight years. 14 units were only one half of one percent of that
figure. In order to reach 2,700, the City would have to repeat this process in
200 other places. He asked the Staff to evaluate how successful this policy
would be in getting the City to its Housing Inventory number.

Mr. Williams said he was not sure how to respond to the question as it was
made up of many different parts. He said that they were not expecting the
over 50 foot height projects would provide all of those units. He said that the
City would most likely achieve numbers by small increments in many different
places. He hoped it would not be 200 different 14 unit projects, but he hoped
that there would be more housing on this site, but there should be more
specific planned approaches than dealing site by site.


                                  20                    March 12, 2012
