agreements between the City and the School District did not mean the
current rental agreements with Cubberley would change. He indicated
should the lease cease after December 31, 2014, the management of the
land, all or part, simply moved from one public entity, the City, to another,
the School District. Thus, all facilities, open space and recreational uses
would remain as-is and should be available to current tenants and the
general public until the School District decided how and when to reuse the
land for an educational facility. He stated although the City could modify the
terms of any current rental agreements it was more likely the School District
or a tenant, for example Foothill College would likely be vacating its lease
once its new site became available, would have the major influence over
changes to the use of the site. He concluded by saying the IBRC was fully
aware that a mechanism was now in place between the City and the School
District to determine the future of Cubberley site and decisions regarding the
use of Measure B revenues would not be made until that process was
complete. However, he felt that in order to have a comprehensive dialogue
regarding Cubberley, the points raised by the IBRC should be part of the
discussion.

Mayor Yeh knew Cubberley was a separate Item. However, he wanted to
begin with remarks because of information in the press that the future of the
Cubberley site was occurring through private talks, meaning not public
meetings, between the School District and the City. He stated that was an
absolute inaccuracy, that the process defined by the City Council in 2011
was formed of three committees, mapped out with different start times, with
the intention of holding public meetings.

Council Member Shepherd thought Cubberley provided a sense of angst to
the community, and she wanted to clarify that the Council was not having
the IBRC Report provide actionable items regarding Cubberley.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid that the decision on the future of Cubberley site be made by and
through the established Cubberley Process and integrated into the
infrastructure process and discussion.

Council Member Shepherd stated Council was wise to allow IBRC to consider
the financial position the City might have if the covenant was terminated.
She said it was similar to any business decision of having all options on the
table. She indicated there was a defined process, and there was confusion
in the community right now that could circumvent that process via the
reports being made. She did not want that to happen.



                                  15                   January 21, 2012 
 
