4.    Presentation from SAIC Energy, Environment & Infrastructure
      Regarding Utilities Department Organizational Assessment.

SAIC has been retained by the City to complete an Organizational
Assessment of the Utilities Department.    The work is being done by SAIC
which is a Fortune 500 company with 41,000 employees in 450 offices
worldwide generating $11.1 billion in revenue in FY11. The approach they
are taking to the Scope of Work includes:

1.    Completing a Current Needs and Services Assessment
2.    Completing an External Needs Assessment
3.    Doing a Cost Assessment of the Operations
4.    Analyzing Alternative Service Delivery Methods
5.    Making Recommendations to the City based on this work

Recent projects where they have completed such assessments include:
Brownsville Public Utilities, Texas, Lafayette Utilities Systems, Louisiana and
Pasadena Water and Power, Pasadena, California.          The approach they take
is to look at the Utility from a systems view including starting with the
current organizational structure and processes, personnel skills and
capabilities, cost requirements and structure, looking at the culture and then
the strategic planning of the organization. One tool they use to do this work
is a cultural assessment tool (CAT) which evaluates the current
organizational culture. They also use a Workload Forecasting Tool (WFT) to
provide a quantitative assessment of workload and staffing. They are
currently doing the Situational Analysis work, next they will do the
Alternative Service Delivery Methods work and then the Organizational
Options work. The project is expected to be completed in late May early
June.    There will be future presentations to the City Manager, Utility
Advisory Commission (UAC) and City Council.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

City Manager, James Keene reported the Council had on its Closed Session
Agenda a discussion related to the Communications & Power Industries (CPI)
business adjacent to the Barron Park neighborhood, but the Council did not
take up that matter and continued it to a date uncertain. He stated the next
step as a City would be to schedule a regular Agenda Item for open
discussion by the Council on matters related to CPI, rather than a Closed
Session. He knew there had been many questions about the Magical Bridge
design. He reported there would be a community meeting to review the
initial design concepts on Saturday, March 17th, from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00
p.m., at the Cubberley Community Center in Room M2. He stated the
community was encouraged to attend.


                                      3                             3/05/2011
