                     DRAFT MINUTES
demographic information that PAUSD used.            He said for
preliminary planning purposes the numbers were taken from
PAUSD, the City did not force any size limits on PAUSD. He said
that the numbers could change over time.

Council Member Shepherd said that she knew PAUSD always said
that it depended on what the City was doing regarding housing
units. She asked if the proposed housing units were definitive
from Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG). She heard
the numbers were greatly reduced, but was not aware if they had
been publicly announced at Council. She said that she knew the
City had asked Stanford to take away the Stanford sphere of
influence. She asked if they were given to Stanford since it was
part of PAUSD boundaries.

Mr. Keene said he thought the Council had its own Housing
Committee that was working through those issues and that it was
too early to say other than they had seen some reduced
numbers. He would not say that they were dramatically reduced
but there was some reduction. As it related to Cubberley he said
they had some discourse about a range of numbers both from the
City perspective and how it related to school enrollment. He
would not say that it was definitive. He thought there was plenty
of time as they worked through the process with the CAC and
CPAC for people to provide their perspectives on what was viable.
In any case there was both the question of what size facilities
would be needed and when they would be needed. They were
mostly ignoring the when issue and focusing on the where issue.
He said that there could be many variations on how everything
went and the scale of the buildings based on the assumptions
that PAUSD shared about its enrollment numbers and discussion
amongst the community members. In no way did Staff mean to
say that anything was definitive, it was a preliminary cast that
provided much more information than was available in summer
2011.



                                                                 Page 43 of 73
                                                  City Council Special Meeting
                                                         Draft Minutes 4/9/12
