called the Nobel for high school students and that Mr. Penn had
distinguished not only himself, but the entire community of Palo Alto. He
requested that Mr. Penn and his mother come to the podium and he
presented them with a certificate of achievement.

City Manager Comments

City Manager Keene reported: 1) Tuesday, February 7, 2012, at 6:30 p.m. in
the Community Room at Lucy Stern Community Center would be an Eleanor
Pardee Park community meeting to review the proposed playground and
landscape renovations. He said citizens were encouraged to attend and
provide input on the renovations. 2) CBSEye on the Bay would feature the
Bol Park and the Baylands Nature Preserve on Thursday, February 9, 2012,
at 7:00 p.m. on CBS Channel 5 KPIX TV. 3) The City completed installation
of 49 new downtown parking banners in January.              The banners took
advantage of the City’s logo and identity to identify downtown parking lots
and garages and would help brand the new marketing campaigns.
Complementary signage to the banners would be developed and presented
to the Architectural Review Board this spring and similar banners would also
be presented to California Avenue merchants for their input and
consideration. Other parking projects currently underway included a new
parking permit management system that would be developed allowing for
registration and renewal of parking permits online for both the Downtown
and California Avenue business districts. On Thursday, February 9, 2012,
the City installed new bicycle parking corrals similar to the one installed last
year in front of Coupa Café in four locations in the Downtown area. One in
front of Form Fitness on Lytton Avenue and Bryant, another at Sancho’s
Restaurant on Lytton Avenue, another at the California Pizza Kitchen on
Cowper Street and the fourth at All Saints Episcopal Church on Hamilton
Avenue. Three standard U-rack bicycle racks would also be installed in front
of Phil’s Coffee Shop on Lytton Avenue at that time. 4) Showed the Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) video regarding bus rapid transit along El
Camino Real. He stated that the video was prepared in December to help
provide the public with information regarding the upcoming bus rapid transit
project along El Camino Real. The VTA bus rapid transit program helped to
implement the peninsula’s Grand Boulevard initiative including the City of
Palo Alto’s completion of the recent El Camino Real and Stanford Avenue
intersection improvements. The design of the VTA bus rapid transit project
was ongoing and its configuration through Palo Alto was still under
consideration. The VTA planned to update the City on the bus rapid transit
this spring. Council Member Nancy Shepherd participated on the VTA’s
Policy Advisory Committee for the project.

Oral Communications


                                    2                     February 6, 2012
  
