Mr. Perez suggested the topic of bonds could be discussed at the retreat as
Staff had requested the City's bond counsel's participation at the retreat.

Mayor Yeh City stated the City Attorney was preparing a list of bonds and
corresponding elections within Palo Alto, which would be helpful for the
discussion.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated her office would prepare a user-
friendly chart of the various types of financing options discussed by the
IBRC, the various options in terms of the type of election they could be
placed on, and the voting requirements.

Council Member Price asked for more details regarding bridge funding
options, particularly specific examples of mechanisms that could be used for
bridge funding.

Mr. Perez indicated Mayor Yeh's example of the gas tax was a good example.
He stated basically the City would receive an advance on future revenue,
and the key would be the stability of the State providing funding. He said
the City would have to pledge some type of revenue from the General Fund
in case the State did not provide funds. He noted other examples such as
borrowing from the Stanford funds and the Council's recent approval of a
loan from the General Fund to the Refuse Fund.

Mayor Yeh asked for comments and questions on the Futures section.

Council Member Schmid liked the notion of reaching out to a wider context
and to exploring new ideas. He felt the forecast of 0.9 percent growth noted
in the demographic section was aggressive. He indicated this forecast
changed the dynamics of the Cubberley. He inquired about the source of
these numbers, their accuracy, and if they committed the City to consider
building and expanding infrastructure to compensate for population growth.
He thought the information was a Staff Report, so it became a semi-official
City position, but had not been discussed by the Council.

Mr. Emslie indicated the Planning Department collaborated with the Futures
Working Group on that information. He felt Curtis Williams, Director of
Planning and Community Environment should prepare a response regarding
the basis and precedent for growth projections.

Council Member Espinosa expressed an interest in having conversations
regarding establishing a commission on infrastructure, the important issues
raised in this part of the Report, and Staff's recommendation of an
alternative to a commission.

Council Member Klein disagreed with Council Member Schmid that
population growth was a semi-official or official position of the City. He
                                    23                          01/17/2012
