the gas tax, and Staff was not recommending that. He stated the last item
was the Utility Revenue Bonds; they were secured by utility rates for the
specific commodity; a city must identify the revenue stream for repayment;
and, they could not be used for General Fund purposes.

Council Member Price asked if the City of Campbell's special tax would be
considered under the category of special tax.

Mr. Perez believed Campbell's tax was a sales tax, and did not believe it was
tied to anything.

Council Member Price inquired if that could be restricted.

Ms. Stump reported if it was restricted to a particular purpose, it became a
special tax by virtue of being structured that way. She stated most taxes
could be structured either way.

Mr. Perez indicated it would need a two-thirds vote.

Vice Mayor Scharff hypothesized if a City sales tax increase and a State tax
increase were passed on the same ballot, then the amount of sales tax
would increase by both the City's and the Governor's increases. He asked if
the State increase affected the local option in any way.

Ms. Stump answered yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if the City could have a sales tax increase on the
ballot, because of the remaining 1 percent.

Ms. Stump reported the City could, except there were a couple of other
taxing authorities that had access to that same 1 percent.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked how that played out.

Ms. Stump stated generally it was whoever got it first. She believed the
entities with access to that tax increment were the City of Palo Alto, the
County and the Santa Clara Valley Transit Authority (VTA).

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff knew of another entity who was planning to
take advantage of that in the next November cycle.

Mr. Perez stated Staff did not, but would review that.

Mayor Yeh had heard legislation had been introduced for a dedicated
revenue stream for Caltrain, but did not know if it was related to sales tax.
                                   38                    March 26, 2012
