Vice Mayor Scharff said his understanding of the original Motion would be to
rollover the Five Priorities along with its current goals. There would be an
issue because a rollover would mean certain goals would appear to have
been completed when they were not. He said goals needed to be clarified
prior to voting on the item today if Infrastructure was not going to be a goal.

Council Member Klein stated that the discussion needed to get back to a
more philosophical approach. He said several languages were being spoken
around the table in terms of calling something a Priority. Time had not been
set aside to discuss goals and was not hearing what was trying to be
accomplished in setting Priorities. He did not support the Amendment.

Council Member Holman said she agreed with Vice Mayor Scharff’s
comments that there were flaws in the original Motion and would not support
the Amendment.

Council Member Burt said he had neglected to modify the Amendment to
incorporate Council Member Klein’s recommendation that P&S take on the
task to define Council Priorities. He asked if an Amendment to the Motion
was needed.

Mayor Yeh clarified that was part of the original motion

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Espinosa, Scharff yes

Mayor Yeh restated that the original Motion was that the 2011 Council
Priorities would be continued in to 2012 and for the Policy & Services
Committee to review the definition of Council Priorities and to recommend to
the Council any changes to the priority setting process.

Council Member Price asked if P&S would be providing an update regarding
the language once Priority was defined to reflect the importance of the
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC) Report and all its related work.

Council Member Klein said P&S would go through a different process and
would have the definition of goals in a work plan.

Council Member Shepherd asked if she could make an Amendment to refresh
the goals framed under the Priorities.

Council Member Espinosa said it was part of the process.


                                   7                       January 21, 2012 
 
