488 West Charleston Road. The Tree House Apartments included 33 studio
and 2 one-bedroom units for persons of very low income, which applied to
households with 20 to 50 percent of the County median household income.
The City of Palo Alto was recognized for its contribution to the Project
including providing nearly half of the Project funding. He reported the
units were fully rented and the Housing Corporation indicated there were
40 persons on the waiting list. He reported the City nominated the Tree
House Apartments for the Association of Bay Area Governments' (ABAG)
2012 Growing Smarter Awards in the public partnership and urban design
categories. He stated the public could contact either the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation     or    City   Housing      Specialist    Tim     Wong     at
tim.wong@cityofpaloalto.org for more information.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Paul Wright, President and CEO of the Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce,
stated it was his pleasure to officially welcome the Council and the
community to the 2012 Palo Alto Business Expo hosted by the Chamber
next Thursday evening. He indicated it would be conducted at Tesla
Motors on Deer Creek Road. He reported tickets were $25, and interested
persons could go to the paloaltochamber.com web site. He said it was a
way to explore and recognize 40 local Palo Alto businesses. He hoped the
Council could attend.

Stephanie Munoz understood the former Boy Scout boat house on the
Baylands had been refurbished, remodeled, repaired and was ready to be
christened with a name. She proposed that that name be in honor of Ed
Powers, who single-handedly saved that building from destruction.

Jack Morton reported this past week the court reinstated the merchants'
suit on the California Avenue issue, filed by the proprietor of California
Paint and Wallpaper, a 50+ year business.              The California Avenue
merchants fully supported enhancing the street; what frustrated them was
the City's duplicity in its grant application. No businesses were approached
for the so-called traffic study, and City Staff had repeatedly refused to
consider a trial as it did on the Arastradero modifications to the streets. He
noted later tonight the Council would talk about intensifying the area, and
yet there was no mention of what would happen on California Avenue that
would justify losing those lanes for the area that would now bear the MTC
housing requirements. He thought Council Members needed to return
rationality to this process and determine a solution that enabled the vitality
of this area to continue, but not at the expense of destroying what had
taken 50 years to build.

Wes Marinov stated he was invited to the Council Meeting to express his
support for preserving the Post Office.   He thought the Tree House

                                       3                           02/21/2012
