asked if there was adequate time for the Council to absorb all the information
of the process and to make a decision.

Mr. Williams agreed it was a lot of information. He stated it was the Council's
determination of whether there was adequate time to reach a decision. He
clarified Staff believed they did not change their mind or change their position
on the EIR conclusions from February 16th to February 29th. He indicated the
EIR outlined different ways to go and Staff recommended the historic impact
was mitigated by the circumstances and chose that direction as opposed to
requesting overriding considerations and a significant unavoidable impact. He
reported Staff in the addendum made some clarifications to ensure this was
legally covered in the record in FEIR from February.

Council Member Schmid acknowledged that happened in the draft EIR and
FEIR, and suggested the Council might need time to consider. He referenced
Table A02 and under No. 3 a ring called City of Palo Alto trees. He thought
that meant the City's ownership of trees. He noted the 8-foot easement to be
vacated on TM1 followed the Palo Alto trees. He asked what the easement
was.

Ms. French stated those were utility easements, not street tree easements.
She indicated the City did not need an easement for trees.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether A02 was showing Palo Alto property
or the right to have trees on that site.

Ms. French reported it was just the Palo Alto trees, meaning the regulated
street trees within the jurisdiction of Palo Alto right-of-way.

Council Member Schmid noticed trees were missing from A1.0 site map, and
inquired why there were no trees where they are currently sited, especially at
the St. Francis/Channing intersection.

Elena Suzuki, Senior Planner for Planning & Community Environment
explained the site plan was intended to show the property. She reported the
applicant was required to provide an adequate number of street trees, which
was an ongoing discussion with the City Arborist to ensure that the trees were
adequately planned.

Council Member Schmid asked if it was written somewhere in the contract that
the applicant would provide street trees.

Ms. Suzuki reported they were in the Conditions of Approval.

Council Member Schmid thought a key question was the left turn from
Embarcadero onto St. Francis. He noted fast cars traveled around corners

                                            22                     03/19/2012
