                               MINUTES
AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to ask the applicant to change the financial contribution for
affordable housing program to $1,750,000 and financial contribution of
$1,976,200 to the City of Palo Alto in lieu parking fee fund.

Vice Mayor Scharff would not accept the proposed Amendment. He did not
feel the applicant would accept the change and would not support it.

Council Member Schmid stated parking was a critical issue. The $1.5 million
suggested contribution would not solve the problem, but it was necessary to
move forward. Adding to the fee created an incentive to move ahead
quicker. This location was identified as an ideal space to increase housing in
transit-oriented spaces. While housing was not part of the project, the
contribution could be used elsewhere to afford five or six housing units.
Parking and housing were two critical public benefits.

Council Member Holman asked for an approximate cost to construct a
parking garage.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the cost could range between $5 million and $10
million depending on the size and location of the garage.

Council Member Holman said the contribution would not build a garage.

Mr. Rodriguez agreed.

Council Member Holman stated $2 million from the original Motion and
$500,000 from the proposed Amendment still would not pay for constructing
a garage.

Mr. Rodriguez believed $2 million was a good seed fund to build a larger
project through a partnership, but $2 million alone would not be enough to
build a garage.

Mr. Williams agreed with Mr. Rodriguez's comments. There was interest
from a private standpoint, and Staff would consider all avenues.

Council Member Holman asked for the applicant's response.

Mr. Smith reported the applicant had no more money to contribute.             The
Council could redirect funds if it wished.

Council Member Burt was not comfortable with this Amendment. The
Council had reviewed a set of conditions and had proposed them to the
                                                                        Page 28 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
