    Road, and today owned seven parcels on East Meadow Circle and four
    parcels along Fabian Way. With buildings on the Circle, each more than 35
    years old, he fully endorsed the City's strategy to encourage revitalization of
    East Meadow Circle by allowing increased density, which was tiered away
    from the adjacent single-family homes.          Since participating in three
    neighborhood workshops and hosting two stakeholder meetings in 2009, Cal
    Pacific had been actively working with the City in preparation of a Concept
    Plan for its subarea. With Staff support, he requested both the economic
    consulting firm of Kaiser Marsden and the design firm of Friedman, Tonge
    and Sasaki to help him appreciate the complex issues associated with future
    development. He had also asked Jim Baer to assist him with understanding
    the process, so efforts to work collaboratively with the City would have
    value. Last week he forwarded correspondence to the Council identifying
    some of the key issues. He suggested Mr. Baer add his thoughts on the
    Concept Plan and comment on certain factors he believed were essential to
    East Meadow Circle's successful development.

    Jim Baer indicated East Meadow Circle was an incredibly challenging set of
    parcels. He described the buildings as one story, virtually obsolete, serving
    as back office for Loral, not suitable for life sciences, and not suitable for
    software technology notwithstanding all the Google and Microsoft
    expansions a half mile away in Mountain View. He had asked Dray Kaiser
    and Associates, who had been consultants on economic development to the
    City and were major California analysts of redevelopment policy, not to be
    his advocate but to be his consultant, knowing they would have some wise
    things to say that didn't exceed the Council's or Staff's expectations. He
    indicated they would look at what the Council needed in terms of FAR and
    what the Council needed to create open space, parking, and an experience
    of attracting a collection of employees in a campus-type center, even if it
    was multiple users. He asked Council to acknowledge that this was a man
    who owned 50 percent of East Meadow Circle as his his family had for 50
    years. He reported most of the parcels were not next to residential, so they
    were the most capable of providing yield for gathering places and
    employment centers that work. He wanted to make one forceful comment
    about objecting to the notion of TDR: in downtown it worked where there
    were approximately 500 to 1,000 parcels buying and selling. He said as an
    example South of Forest Avenue had an RT50 zone and an RT35 zone. He
    indicated it had to do with how close to Alma the property was and how
    close towards the residences. He stated owners with property located next
    to commercial zones would build what was responsible in order to
    incentivize contemporary buildings that would attract users. He said he
    would give a 30-second answer if there was a question about the San
    Antonio Road retail and hotel.

    Council Member Burt asked what about San Antonio Road.
                                    25                   February 13, 2012 
 
