                                MINUTES
proposed a bond measure, the Council had to decide about the two fire
stations.  He asked whether Staff had analyzed the situation for
complementary uses of two reconfigured fire stations.

Mr. Sartor reported Staff did not consider replacement of the fire stations as
part of this analysis. The analysis was focused on the Police and Fire
Administration function. The feasibility study for the replacement of those
two buildings was conducted with the Fire Department approximately five
years ago. It considered upgrading those facilities for the current Fire needs
and EMT functions. Recommendations included room for training facilities
within the stations.

Mr. Burns stated Staff had not performed a study with regard to the fire
stations; however, a community room within a fire station would bring
people into the station and engage firefighters with the community. The
next level could be some sort of community healthcare provided at fire
stations.

Mr. Ross commented that his firm was working with the County of Alameda
to design health portals internal to fire stations. Alameda County Fire and
Community Health performed a focus group study, which indicated people
felt safe at a fire station and wanted healthcare administered at fire stations.
His firm was designing a wellness center partially staffed by EMT personnel.

Mayor Yeh was excited by the consolidated command under Chief Burns and
the potential uses of physical assets. Any kind of financing for Public Safety
should include financing for the two fire stations. The Public Safety Building
was envisioned as a centralized command center also housing administrative
functions. A mixed use of Public Safety Buildings and satellite buildings
could lead to complementary services and a well-strategized delivery of
Public Safety services. Layering Police and Fire services at fire stations
merited analysis. Within a 45,000 square foot building, the growth space
was approximately 64 square feet for additional workstations. He asked if
growth was in increments of 64 square feet.

Mr. Ross reported the space accommodated the Staff count anticipated in
the next 20 years.

Mayor Yeh stated flexibility of space was in terms of workstations.

Mr. Ross said the core infrastructure was specialty spaces designed
specifically for one function. Within the open spaces, drop-in workstations
could be used for future Staff growth. A typical workstation was 8 feet by 8
feet.
                                                                          Page 11 of 21
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/13/12
