Mark Hager stated he spoke the last time the connectivity item was on the
Agenda, and he was sorry to see it continued once again. As a long-time
community gardener, he encouraged the Council not to make a decision that
would have an impact to reduce or move community garden spaces. He
thought proposal A for the connector ramp would actually put transit and a
roadway dangerously close to what was actually a parkland space. He
encouraged the Council, if it had to construct a connector, to consider plan B.
He stated the pedestrian and bicycle path provided the safest intersection
between the Art Center and the library, and it created additional parking.

Leland Levy stated he spoke on behalf of the Friends of the Palo Alto Parks,
and expressed appreciation for the Kiwanis and their work on behalf of the
parks and open spaces in Palo Alto. He indicated Palo Alto had thousands of
acres of open space and over 30 individual parks. He stated the Kiwanis had
played a significant role in helping the City maintain those parks. He thanked
the Council for its Proclamation, and stated the Kiwanis had earned it.

Bob Moss was interested in the meeting Senator Simitian held regarding High
Speed Rail (HSR). He said funding was the main issue. He had spoken to a
few people and understood the HSR Authority had found private investors to
fund significant portions of development, between $5 billion and $10 billion
this year and next year.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

Council Member Holman believed the minutes were incorrect.

Donna Grider, City Clerk indicated she would review the minutes and place
the approval on the Council Agenda for April 9th.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to have the City Clerk review the minutes and return for approval on
April 9, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Nos. 5-12.

5.   Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5146 in the Amount of
     $900,000 to Capital Improvement Program Project PE-86070 to be used
     in the San Antonio Highway Safety Improvement Program (HSIP)
     Project; and Approval of a Contract with Granite Construction in an

                                           11                     03/19/2012
