    McDonald House and nearby hotels were full. She reported they stayed in a
    hotel quite a distance from the hospital which they could afford. She said
    they had stayed at three different hotels before and after the transplant,
    and at the Ronald McDonald House for three weeks. She explained Ariana
    caught an infection and they had to move from the Ronald McDonald House,
    which was absolutely crushing. She said the Ronald McDonald House was
    phenomenal in providing opportunities for families to meet and share
    stories. She noted organizations provided meals for families staying there.
    The House had a computer room, weight room and activities for children.
    She explained the Ronald McDonald House and its Staff was a tremendous
    help and alleviated a lot of stress and frustration.

    Ariana Ramos said the Ronald McDonald House provided activities for kids
    such as the click room and the Riley pets. She stated people provided lunch
    and dinner, and the House had shuttles and cares for trips to the hospital
    and shopping.

    Gloria Ramos added an additional benefit was walking to the hospital.

    Bri Carpano-Seoane reported she was the Family Services Director at the
    House, where she and her team provided services to the families and served
    the families daily. She explained when a family stayed at the House for six
    days, services such as massage therapy and scrapbooking seem sweet and
    nice; and when that stay is beyond six days or 20 days, the opportunity to
    provide community became a necessity.          She stated what the House
    provided could not be duplicated in a hotel, nor in a sleep space shared with
    strangers. She said it was the opportunity to provide families with the
    services needed so they could focus on their children's well being.

    Mike Baird stated he was a CPA with an office on Park Boulevard and a
    volunteer. He explained the click room mentioned earlier was a computer
    room for kids. He reported the House created a playroom and other areas
    for children to be involved in other interests. He noted it was amazing to
    see whole families engage in conversations with distant family members
    through Skype. He reported Ronald McDonald was affordable housing and
    was world-class healthcare. He stated the number one discussion and
    debate in America was quality healthcare and affordability, and Ronald
    McDonald House represented quality healthcare and affordability.

    Bern Beecham stated he was present as a Board Member of the Ronald
    McDonald House Board and as a volunteer at the front desk every week. He
    referenced prior discussion of families turned away and Children's Hospital's
    future growth. He explained one of his tasks as a volunteer was to call
    families turned away, which was difficult. He indicated the Ronald McDonald
    House had negotiated rates with a few hotels; however, as the economy
                                   43                  February 13, 2012 
 
