                                MINUTES
could be calculated and if the reconfiguration contributed to 50 percent of
the removal it would gain a certain amount of money.

Mr. De Geus said that Council Member Schmid was talking about the table
that began on page 11 of the Staff report. He said that it was a work in
progress and that Council Member Schmid was right, the value number for
flood protection was unknown. They had talked to the JPA about that and
they recognized that there was a great value there. How much of a value
was difficult to ascertain.

Council Member Schmid said that homeowners knew what they paid in flood
insurance and the City knew how many homes were in the flood zone. It
was a large and important number. If that could be used as a benefit he
thought it was helpful. He was concerned with the financial risk. He asked
what the annual cost was and if the $4.5 million was financed over 10 or 15
years.

Mr. Getherall said they assumed 20 years at 4.5 percent based on input
from the City.

Council Member Schmid asked if 20 years was reasonable and safe given
that the City was still paying off the 1998 bond.

Mr. Getherall said they projected positive net income even after all debt
payments including the old debt payment and a ten percent capital reserve.
The facility even in its current condition had been historically profitable. It
had netted over $1 million in its best years. That was also when the cost
plan charges were higher. They were over $300,000. That figure was
reduced considerably when the City privatized the maintenance. Those
charges were around $50,000 currently. Even though the rounds had
decreased as recently as fiscal year 2010 the golf course was close to $1
million in net operating income before cost plan charges. They projected
that all of the debt service and below the line charges were covered in
addition to the operating expenses.

Mr. Saccio said one of the most important things was the irrigation system
and the saline conditions. He was around during the 1998 improvements
and thought there was a measure of disappointment in the irrigation system
as it had not lasted as long as anticipated. That was an early concern that
he and Mr. Perez had expressed to Community Services Staff.              The
technology at the time was unable to withstand the moving conditions
underneath the earth. They talked with Staff about the new materials and
irrigation system and how it had to last 20 years. He said that the old debt
would be paid off by 2019 and was included in the pro formas. He said that
                                                                         Page 17 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
