                          DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired if there was a number factored into the FY
2013 Proposed Budget.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Council Member Klein asked for that number.

Mr. Keene indicated there were savings from the Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center (SLAC) and the restructuring.

Council Member Klein asked for the cost savings resulting from minimum
staffing.

Mr. Perez reported the six frozen positions would save approximately $1.1
million.

Council Member Klein stated that was $1.1 million for FY 2013 and perhaps
more going forward.

Council Member Schmid stated the two long-term reports provided the
context for Council discussions throughout the year. Funding sources did
not grow with income. The City did not have an income tax, and sales tax
revenue tended to be regressive. The City relied on a slowly growing sales
tax base and property tax. Property tax was critical. The business share of
property tax had been decreasing every year over the last 30 years. The
Council needed to make decisions that would influence and affect long-term
revenue growth. New taxes and increased rents and fees did not grow with
income. Expenditures were growing faster than revenues. There was a
dichotomy between salary growth and benefits and pension growth.
Revenue was projected to increase by 3.25 percent and tax revenue and
salaries and benefits by 4.5 percent over the next decade. Salaries were
growing at 2 percent and benefits at approximately 7 percent. Salary
increases were going to benefits rather than compensation. He asked if that
was an incentive for the younger workers the City wanted to attract. The
Council needed to confront and deal with that issue in each Budget.
Decreasing the CalPERS rate saved tens of millions of dollars. Staff was
assuming the CalPERS rate of return would grow higher than the average
growth rate of the economy. Staff disregarded the recommendations of
CalPERS's actuary and the City's actuary, and assumed a higher rate of
return. Not accepting the City's problems made it difficult to negotiate.

Council Member Shepherd noted Staff positions had decreased, and asked if
the City relied on Staff members to pay into CalPERS to keep the City's
portion low.
                                                                      Page 15 of 28
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
