Vice Mayor Scharff was surprised only 89 percent of residents recycled more
than 12 times during the year, as indicated in the Citizens Survey, Packet
page 101. He thought most people recycled at least once per week, and
asked if that was a good metric.

Mr. Pelletier stated that was one of the standard questions Staff did not
customize for the survey and would not necessarily be able to change. He
reported Staff could potentially use one of the customizable questions if they
needed to ask for more details.        He reported the City had very few
customizable questions, so Staff wanted to use them as effectively as
possible. He said Staff could consider identifying a better way of asking that
question on next year's survey.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Staff found anything in the data that seemed
anomalous or unexpected.

Mr. Pelletier explained he found nothing unexpected because he was not
familiar with past City operations.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, noted Mr. Keene would return the
following week. She reported the replacement of George the oak tree was
organized by landscape architect Peter Jenson, and thanked those who
participated. She indicated an artist was using wood from old George the oak
tree to make bowls in an effort to reuse natural elements. She reported the
Palo Alto Police Department invited residents and community members to a
special meeting called Lock It or Lose It Thursday evening in response to an
increase in the number of daytime residential burglaries.          She stated
information would be posted on the City's web site and Facebook page. She
reported the Mayor's Challenge community-wide table tennis event would be
held Sunday, March 25, from 2:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m., at five different
community locations. She indicated co-sponsors of the event were the Palo
Alto Family YMCA, the Palo Alto Table Tennis Club, the Palo Alto Unified School
District and the City. She stated this event was open to City of Palo Alto
residents only.

Mayor Yeh added the event was open to all PAUSD students regardless of
their residence and all employees in Palo Alto.

Ms. Antil stated pre-registration was required, and more information could be
found at www.ymcamayorschallenge.org. She reported the City Council would
hold a Special Meeting on Monday, March 26, beginning at 5:00 p.m., in the
Council Chambers to continue their discussions on the Infrastructure Blue
Ribbon Commission recommendations, and the public was invited.


                                            9                     03/19/2012
