                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff expressed concern about taking a long time to get the
plan absolutely right. He wanted to know if that could be done, and the City
Manager indicated it could.

Bruce Hodge, founder of Carbon Free Palo Alto, commended Staff for their
Report recommending pursuit of a carbon-neutral electricity portfolio. The
Report was a watershed in Carbon Free Palo Alto's efforts to bring real and
meaningful reductions in the electricity carbon footprint. He believed this
was the single most effective action the City could take to reduce its carbon
footprint. It implemented a platform for plugging in electric vehicles, and
addressed a parallel need to drastically reduce emissions in the
transportation sector. Making smart choices and using a blend of strategies
could keep the total cost to the lower end of the range indicated in the
Report. Moving to a carbon-neutral portfolio would have some small initial
costs, but the City would be in a better economic position by being removed
from the likely increased costs and volatility of the brown power market.
Another salient point was the cost of inaction.          Multiple studies had
reaffirmed the strategy that it was more economical to invest in mitigation
now rather than later. Time was not working in the City's favor, because
every year greenhouse emissions increased. He realized Palo Alto was a
small contributor to this problem, but the community could influence other
activists and policymakers. He strongly urged the City to have a carbon-free
portfolio in place by January 1, 2015. He urged the Council to vote in favor
of Staff's recommendation on this critically important issue.

David Coale stated these were things the Council could consider going
forward, and it should not dither any more with this process. The vote on
this issue was fairly easy. There was no cost associated with studying this.
The next vote to move forward would make a difference in impact. All
studies indicated the effects of climate change were happening far faster
than expected. There was really no time left to consider this.

Walt Hays was the Chair of the Green Ribbon Task Force that looked into a
Climate Protection Plan for the City of Palo Alto. The City adopted an
aggressive Climate Protection Plan. Tonight's remarks indicated general
support for maintaining that aggressive stance. If the Council was genuinely
committed to this aggressive stance, it could not take a better step than
adopting this recommendation. He supported Vice Mayor Scharff's idea. He
suggested the Staff Report due at year end recommend adoption of the plan
no later than January 1, 2015. This was an urgent issue. He hoped the
Council would continue its strong support by asking Staff to implement this
by January 1, 2015 if possible.


                                                                       Page 17 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/21/12
