Council Member Holman referenced the third finding on Packet Page 224
regarding selection of poles adjacent to evergreen trees. She thought it was
a deciduous tree at the 1880 Park property, which would not satisfy the
requirement. She also referenced the noise ordinance regarding a maximum
increase of 15 dBa 25 feet away. She questioned the property being
subjected to a greater impact because it was only 20 feet away, and perhaps
creating discrimination.

Ms. French suggested the consultant could provide that information.

Mr. Preiser stated the firm had reviewed the applicant's noise study and
concluded it was within the City's policy.

Council Member Holman asked if the Council was being less careful in this
location with the combination of the house being closer to the pole and the
deciduous tree.

Mr. Preiser indicated any kind of vegetation would tend to attenuate the
acoustical emissions, but this was difficult to assess. He said the best
approach would be to test the specific location in the given environment
after installation.

Council Member Holman said the tree question was intended for Staff.

Mr. Williams replied that was a guideline, and that not every location had an
evergreen tree, but an evergreen was better than a deciduous tree. He
stated the noise issue related to compliance with the noise ordinance.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to respond to Mr. Borock's questions
regarding CUP and CEQA and segmenting projects.

Mr. Larkin was not aware of any published cases, but he had found
unpublished cases addressing this issue. He determined that multiple utility
sites for a project does not remove it from the exemption for small projects.
Regarding the CUP, he stated the City's utility poles were co-locations of
utilities because there were existing utilities there. He said discussions in
2006 referred to stand-alone wireless facilities, not co-locating on utility
poles.

Council Member Holman indicated one of the functions of CEQA was to
address cumulative impacts. She asked how the Council should determine if
small projects would have a large impact.


                                  24                   January 23, 2012
 
