                          DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Burt could accept the intent and the language. The key
language was anyone who repeatedly left belongings after being requested
not to do so. There were adequate safeguards.

Council Member Price concurred with comments and would support the
Motion. She was comfortable with the process that had been used.

Council Member Schmid stated it was appropriate at community centers to
have rules and regulations. He asked where transients went and what they
used for their belongings. He felt it was an appropriate question for Council
to confront.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to refer this to Policy and Services Committee for discussion in June.

Mayor Yeh agreed with quite a few of the issues. It was a separate but
related issue, particularly around Item No. 1; No person other than
authorized City staff or other persons specifically authorized by City staff
shall enter or remain in the covered facilities, including courtyards, doorways
and walkways, after posted closing hours, because it related to a person
rather than things. Delaying the Item for one month was not improper.

Council Member Shepherd would not support the Substitute Motion, because
this issue was not different from the issue of belongings on the streets.
These policies were basic and supported the actions needed at community
centers.

Council Member Klein did not see the need for an additional discussion at
P&SC. This was a straightforward and balanced approach. This was not the
same type of issue as sleeping in vehicles, but was a method to ensure
reasonable behavior in public facilities. He would not support the Substitute
Motion.

Mayor Yeh understood the language was less strict, knew it would be an
important discussion for P&SC in June, and appreciated the City Manager's
comments regarding efficiency.

Council Member Burt stated this would basically say that no un-housed
person could be in a covered area after regular hours. As the language was
written, it also applied to any person using public facilities after Staff had
departed. He would be more receptive if the language described certain
unacceptable behavior. This outlawed the general public from sitting in
covered courtyards after hours. That item was poorly written. The intent
was to prohibit sleeping in covered areas.
                                                                           Page 8 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
