    of the major economic players in the community, and many had taken a
    tour of Loral's facilities and knew that they did extraordinary work.

    Vice Mayor Scharff had concerns about setting the incentives correctly so
    that the Council had a chance of this happening. He thought working with
    people in the community who had expertise in this area was the first way to
    go on this topic. He felt the community had a lot of expertise, and
    suggested the Council needed to follow up on that. He stated Staff should
    also review the issue of obtaining an economic analysis to evaluate and set
    the incentives properly.

    Council Member Shepherd inquired if Vice Mayor Scharff was asking Staff to
    prepare a work up on an economic development study.

    Vice Mayor Scharff answered he was asking that they regroup, as Mr.
    Williams suggested, discuss it and decide if this was worthwhile to present
    to Council. If Staff felt it was worthwhile, then they could work it up and
    decide cost and return to the Council. However, if Staff decided it wasn't
    worthwhile, then they didn't have to return to Council.

    AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
    Burt to request Staff evaluate what economic incentives would have a
    reasonable likelihood to change the land use as envisioned in the East of
    San Antonio sub-area plan and if necessary return to Council with
    recommendations regarding this analysis.

    Vice Mayor Scharff thought it was important that the Council move forward
    in a realistic way, and give Staff the flexibility to indicate they needed help
    to set the incentives correctly. If Staff didn't need help after talking to
    people in the community or felt it wasn't worthwhile, they didn't need to do
    that; however, if they did feel they needed that help, they should be able to
    present it to the Council. He thought that was the intent of this Motion.

    Council Member Burt agreed with Vice Mayor Scharff that the Amendment
    was not stipulating that Staff had to return with a specific proposal. He felt
    it gave Staff a great deal of latitude and was very important. For the same
    concerns Council Member Klein expressed, he supported doing something
    like this. He stated it would not be good to change the Comprehensive Plan
    and adopt incentives without any idea if they would have an impact. He
    indicated the Council had to have an understanding of what incentives
    would be necessary to achieve the desired outcomes and, once the Council
    understood that, it could choose not to proceed. He said the Council had to
    have some sense of where that equation lay.



                                    31                   February 13, 2012 
 
