                                MINUTES
document, and the court ruled the HSRA needed to revise certain elements
of the program level EIR for the Bay Area to Central Valley, which they did.
The City commented on the re-circulated document before the February 21,
2012 deadline. The partially revised final program EIR was certified by the
HSRA on April 19, 2012. Staff continued to be concerned that the document
did not limit the final build out to a blended system; referred to a four-track
system; continued to recommend the Pacheco Pass as the preferred access
point to the Bay Area; used standard mitigations over local standards and
locally approved mitigations; and did not adequately address traffic impacts
from the potential loss of lanes on Alma Street. Staff had hoped the
program level EIR would reflect the blended system and remove the
reference to the four-track. Staff was awaiting the return of the writ, and
would then evaluate next steps. Staff expected Central Valley agricultural
interests to challenge the Merced to Fresno project level EIR. The San
Francisco to San Jose project level EIR was scheduled for adoption in
December 2014.        Caltrain would be subject to a tiered environment
clearance process. In the fall a grade crossing traffic analysis study would
be released. The study would review the impacts of six, eight and ten trains
per direction per hour at every grade crossing on the Corridor and provide
an understanding of mitigations necessary for each crossing. The six train
per hour scenario would be incorporated into the current electrification EIR.
The electrified and modernized Corridor would cost approximately $1.5
billion. The Governor's May Revised Budget was released May 14, 2011.
The HSR budget was approximately $6.1 billion, approximately $2.8 billion
from Proposition 1A and $3.3 billion from stimulus funds. The cost of the
initial construction segment (from Merced to Fresno) was the bulk of that
money.

Council Member Klein, Chair of the City Council Rail Committee (CCRC)
stated the majority of citizens did not believe the $3 billion bond issue could
happen; while feedback from lobbyists and elected officials indicated it was
likely to happen. He urged the Council and citizens to contact Senator
Simitian, Assembly Member Gordon, Assembly Member Hill, and former
Assembly Member Leiber to vote no on any funding of HSR. Leaders in the
Assembly and State Senate were pressing these four people to vote yes.
The HSRA could possibly seek an exemption from EIR laws to avoid
problems, and the HSRA Chairman would not state unequivocally if it would
or would not. The bond issue would impact the State's General Fund, most
likely by reducing other services. He understood proponents of HSR were
considering a strategy of not including funding in the General Budget, but
delaying a vote until the summer. The Federal Government was also
applying pressure to State Government to act swiftly.            The Governor
advocated the project as a vision for the future, while ignoring reports of
flaws.
                                                                         Page 23 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
