was not a Priority. He felt it should be a Priority but was not sure if
Infrastructure should be number one and City Finances was the core. He
said these were not normal times and would want to make fundamental
changes to City Finances over multi-year period to allow the City to do other
things.

Council Member Klein stated the discussion started by trying to define
something as a Priority. City Finances was always first Priority. He said
Priority should be defined as, “A Priority is an issue or topic which will
receive particular, unusual, and significant extra attention during the year.
There should be no more than three Priorities in a year. If an issue or topic
was not listed as a Priority, it was not being downgraded in its importance to
the City.” He said 2012 should be limited to two priorities if the definition
was accepted and should be Infrastructure and Cubberley Center. It would
make sense to send the general topic to P&S.

AMENDMENT TO AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded
by Vice Mayor Scharff to have Infrastructure and Cubberley Community
Center as the two Priorities for 2012.

Council Member Klein said the Amendment to the Amendment would provide
clarity to what the Council wanted to do for 2012.

Vice Mayor Scharff said he supported the Amendment to the Amendment.
It did not mean the City would not continue to work on the other Priorities,
but the focus would be on two specific Priorities and not overarch on goals
for the City.

Council Member Shepherd stated she was in favor of sending the matter to
P&S. She said there should be a structure to bring policies forward, signed
off by two colleagues and would allow Staff to discuss the items in the
beginning of the year.    She did not support the Amendment to the
Amendment

Council Member Schmid said he was not in favor of dropping the other
Priorities. He said consideration needed to be made on how large of a City
we wanted to be and what were the basic economic goals that would make
for a Healthy City. Infrastructure fitted into the Comprehensive Plan. Two
critical priorities were identified, but needed to build on the context in order
to do a good job. He did not support the Amendment to the Amendment.

Council Member Espinosa stated he did not have a problem narrowing down
to two Priorities but this should not be done today since it required working

                                    5                    January 21, 2012 
 
