                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the entire unfunded liability was divided by
active employees, then divided by retirees.

Mr. Perez answered yes. He suggested combining active employees and
retirees rather than separating them.

Council Member Schmid referenced the response on Number 3 regarding
Principle Number 8 and inquired if that meant future automatic increases
should be paid by retirees or employees rather than being part of the annual
required contribution (ARC) paid by the City each year.

Mr. Perez reported interpretation of the response should be based on the
interview with the Grand Jury. That discussion concerned the new benefit
and how those changes, when completed, were not fully funded or the
employee was not bearing the full cost. The Grand Jury wanted to know
why employees did not pay more than the 2 percent.

Council Member Schmid felt the wording suggested employees should be
sharing healthcare cost increases and automatic cost of living increases.

Mr. Perez indicated Staff did not intend to discuss cost of living increases,
because the recommendation concerned benefits. He stated Staff would
revise the wording.

Council Member Schmid referenced the response to Recommendation 4B.
He understood employees paid their costs and future costs; however, the
City paid past obligations. He asked if Staff was implying that the City
should negotiate a different breakdown of those past costs.

Mr. Perez reported other agencies negotiated with labor groups to have
employees pay a share of employer expenses. The recently approved
pension reform had a provision to have employees share part of normal
costs of pension. Those were two ways for the City to achieve coverage of
past benefits. Staff would continue to explore that possibility at future
Council meetings.

Council Member Schmid recalled the medical costs and retiree medical
liability information presented in the chart of average salaries and benefits
for employees. For some groups, the retiree portion was as large as the
normal costs. He inquired whether the City paid 100 percent of the retiree
medical liability.

Mr. Perez explained employees who retired after April 2011 paid 10 percent
while the City paid 90 percent. That number of employees would grow as


                                                                       Page 24 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
