                                MINUTES
something to learn from places in Europe as well, adapting or deepening the
relationships they already had. With any new relationship, he suggested a
pilot program before engaging in something long term.

Council Member Espinosa said the questions were Staff should create a pilot
program before engaging in any new relationship, not why China, why
Heidelberg. He wanted to know how they came to choose this particular
relationship.

Council Member Burt said in terms of collaboration with other community
groups, the City had entities where people congregate, for example, with
international schools and faith groups. Those organizations were yearning
for relationships.    He encouraged PAUSD to look at the relationship
differently and said this could be done with facilitators. He said this meant
working with parents within the community.             He did not think this
relationship was a reactive one, it was responsive. This relationship was not
only grounded at a center of technology, but it involved the demographics of
our community. The Mayor wanted to engage civic activity in Palo Alto, the
Bay Area Council helped elevate that. He said the question was what
commonalities were there between Palo Alto and Yangpu. Yangpu had
innovation centers, did it have a strong commitment to urban sustainability,
and was it university orientated. He thought this was a good avenue for
collaboration and said Palo Alto needed to look outside the boundaries for
participation; there was no reason to limit the relationship.

Council Member Klein thought they should ask what they really wanted out
of these relationships and was Palo Alto looking to make money for the
community. He asked if the relationship increased sales by so many
millions, was that the model, or was it about exchanging ideas about
environment, or culture. He said Yangpu was very different than the
Neighbor’s Abroad Program because the Yangpu China relationship was a
business relationship. He was hopeful that Council and Staff would find the
time to figure out what Palo Alto wanted. He thought it was good to ask
how many of these relationships Palo Alto was going to be able to handle
and what the goal was. He suggested looking at this relationship the
opposite way. For example, he asked if there was a possibility of being a
donor, or big brother and did Palo Alto want to be a peer only.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to
accept the report of activities of the recent Bay Area Council delegation to
China and direct staff to continue pursuing a formal “Smart Cities”
partnership with the Yangpu District of Shanghai (Yangpu) by 1) Exploring
the Palo Alto Unified School District’s interest in creating a student exchange
program, 2) Engaging with Bay Area Council and Yangpu Officials to explore
                                                                         Page 10 of 19
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/17/12
