                          DRAFT MINUTES
     Year 2013 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Funding
     Allocations and the 2012/13 Draft Annual Action Plan”.

Steven Turner, Advanced Planning Manager requested the Council approve
adoption of the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Funding
Resolution as recommended by Staff, the Finance Committee (FC), and the
Human Relations Commission. Palo Alto received annual funding from the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) as an entitlement
city under the CDBG Program. Palo Alto used those funds for activities
consistent with CDBG's national objectives to benefit low and very-low
income persons, aid in the prevention or the elimination of blight, and meet
other community needs particularly urgent for the low-income community.
Palo Alto had been a CDBG entitlement city since 1988. The level of funding
had been approximately $700,000 for the prior four or five years. Funding
in the prior year was reduced by approximately 11 percent. The current
year's funding was reduced by almost 29 percent, because the formula for
determining the allocation had changed. Staff expected the current funding
level to remain stable for the next few years. Under Public Services, Staff
sought funding of approximately $95,600 for the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation, Catholic Charities, InnVision, YWCA, and Project Sentinel.
There was a maximum 50 percent funding cap for Public Services. Staff
requested approximately $98,000 to administer this program, a reduction
from the request of $133,000. Planning Administration had a 20 percent
funding cap. Economic Development, Housing and Public Facilities did not
have a cap. Remaining funds would be used for Downtown streets, Palo Alto
Housing Corporation, Mid-Peninsula Housing, Avenidas, and Achieve Kids.
The FC voted 3-1 to approve this funding request. The FC discussed ways to
add funding to those service providers that experienced cuts because of the
overall reduction in funding. The FC did not provide specific directions, but
suggested reviewing the General Fund and HSRAP for additional funds.

Public hearing opened at 11:31 P.M.

Olivia Garcia, Catholic Charities of Santa Clara County, appreciated the
Council's long-term support of Catholic Charities. The Long Term Care
Ombudsman Program was authorized by the federal Older Americans Act
and California's Older Californians Act to advocate for the rights of seniors
and disabled residents in long-term care facilities.      The program was
distinguished by its mandate to represent long-term care residents.
Program staff visited facilities, resolved complaints, investigated abuse
allegations, and reviewed use of restraints and drugs to control behavior.
Because the mandate was unfunded, the program relied on grant money.

Public hearing closed at 11:34 P.M.
                                                                        Page 24 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
