                                MINUTES
spaces, which was the difference between the Code requirement and the
number of spaces provided onsite.         Being located within the Parking
Assessment District allowed for that contribution. This was listed as a public
benefit, but it could be argued that this was simply meeting a parking
requirement. The applicant would offer subsidized ground-floor office space
fronting on Lytton Avenue for a period of at least ten years to a non-profit
organization based in Palo Alto at 25 percent of the market rate. A condition
of approval required the applicant provide documentation of those materials
before leasing space. Other public benefits were carry-overs from the last
meeting and included: contributions of $250,000 for neighborhood parking
programs and $60,000 for the Downtown parking study to identify potential
garage locations, street canopy along Alma on the Caltrain side, Caltrain GO
Passes or other transit passes for the life of the project, electric vehicle
charging stations (two on the street and three in the garage), Zipcar rental,
a variety of street and right-of-way improvements, and some reduction in
proposed signalization work. Staff expected to present an overall parking
strategy for Downtown, including a residential parking permit program, to
the Council on July 16, 2012. Immediately following that implementation,
Staff would begin discussions with Downtown North about a parking
program. Because this project would be under construction through 2013,
there was time to implement these programs before the project opened.
Staff suggested one modification to the language in the public benefits
section of the Ordinance concerning the electric vehicle charging station.
The current language indicated the owner was responsible for installing
those stations, but it was not clear about the ongoing cost of the charging.
Staff wanted to add language requiring the owner to pay for the charging
costs of those stations. The Downtown Non-Residential Development Cap
stated the net increase for non-residential development was capped at
350,000 square feet. Once square footage reached 235,000 square feet, the
Zoning Code required a study be conducted to determine if zoning changes
were necessary. If approved, this project would contain approximately
212,000 square feet of that 235,000 square feet. Staff suggested they
outline a program for moving forward on that issue at the July 16, 2012
Council meeting.

Boyd Smith, Applicant stated his team had responded to the Council's
directions to eliminate the fifth floor, and to redirect those funds to provide
offsite housing and to solve Downtown parking problems.              The team
originally approached the City in December 2010 with a suburban office of
approximately 17,000 square feet with surface parking.              They were
discouraged from continuing that development and encouraged to return
with a higher density project more fitting for the area. Office space had
decreased, non-profit office space had been added; the retail area along
Alma had increased, the floor area ratio (FAR) was under 2.3, the building
                                                                          Page 7 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
