                               MINUTES
merchants had signed on. He very strongly believed that much of it was
based on misrepresentations. When he spoke with merchants what they
had been fed was not what the City understood to be the reality. He was
glad they were going to add loading zones when they did not presently exist,
but noted there were alleys that extended virtually the entire length of
California Avenue on both sides. There was Mayfield Lane on the north sides
with Mollie Stone’s on the end. Mollie Stone’s also had a loading area on
Park. He asked if there was some place that did not have alley access.

Mr. Rodriguez said the only area that really did not have an alley was Palo
Alto central down towards the southern end. Everything else had alley
access behind it. They did not know without going to every business if every
business could take advantage of that loading zone, but the whole corridor
did have rear access on California Avenue.

Council Member Burt said that even if the project’s outcome was great there
were still concerns about construction impacts. He understood Staff would
engage with the stakeholders and that they might decide to stage the
project. He asked if the project was done all at once how long it would take
to complete.

Mr. Rodriguez said he would have RBF Consulting answer the question.
California Avenue was very fortunate because many other streetscape
projects required major underground reconstruction. That was not the case
with California Avenue which gave them much more flexibility.

Candy Mahoney, RBF Consulting, said that construction would be four to six
months depending on the staging. The current idea was to close one side of
the road and move the traffic to the other so there was always access to the
businesses. They were also considering nighttime construction. She said
there was considerable flexibility.

Council Member Burt asked how long construction would last if they
completed it in two stages.

Ms. Mahoney said depending on if they did night construction it would
probably be four months.

Council Member Burt said that was good. He asked if there was a valid
concern by the public on the potential length of construction.

Ms. Mahoney said that was why they wanted to coordinate with the
merchants. They wanted feedback so they were not working during busy
times such as Christmas season. They had many ideas to reduce impacts
                                                                      Page 44 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 7/23/12
