of Animal Services and the Honda dealership, the Council was beginning to
compromise its ability to deal with the IBRC Report in a larger sense. He
noted Honda was in a unique situation among auto dealers, and had taken a
severe beating over the last two years since the Japanese earthquake. He
noted they were down 25 percent. He asked if they were the right anchor
tenant to bring into this space, if they could recover, or was this a structural
issue, or merely a temporary business cycle. He noted auto dealerships had
been the key to municipal finance in many communities since the 1950s. He
stated online purchasing and investigations had changed the nature of
dealerships, such that the showroom or the pickup spot became the
important element. He was not sure the Council should put dealerships at
the center of the vision of the Baylands. He stated another striking thing in
that 50-mile stretch was only two or three spaces to actually view the Bay.
He felt putting a digital billboard on the City's view of the Bay was a funny
thing if you had a long-term vision of the relationship to the world. He
indicated the discussion was really about $1.1 million. He was not sure that
was much compared to the possibilities that IBRC considered with an
evolution of the whole Baylands.

Council Member Klein thought any talk of an automobile row was unrealistic,
because there was not space for it. He indicated the entire MSC site had
room for possibly three dealerships, and that created the problem of where
to locate the MSC. He thought one dealership was possible, but doubted
there was room for a second.

Emily Renzel was not fond of the word repurposing, and concurred with the
concerns expressed about monetizing public lands. She stated Palo Alto
auto dealerships' problems were largely related to the high cost of land in
Palo Alto, as indicated by the approximate cost of $104,166 an acre for an
Animal Services site. She reminded the Council that was comparable to the
Bixby Park site. She thought someone should review exhibit A1 under the
Parks Ordinance, because it appeared that the MSC exception did not include
the entire Animal Services Center site. The City did not have to use public
land for free advertising. She thought digital billboards were a terrible traffic
hazard, particularly at night when they flashed. She indicated the City had a
comprehensive plan of no further urban intrusion. She noted the back of the
Animal Services site was used by utilities. She reported the flood basin and
all the surrounding area around the MSC was a wildlife conservation area,
and thought the Council had to be careful what it did there. She agreed with
Council Member Klein's comments regarding Honda's posturing.

Mayor Yeh wanted to understand Staff's perspective relating to another RFP
process that could be envisioned for use of the site. He did not know the
amount of revenue that could be generated from a recreational use of the

                                    26                     March 26, 2012
