                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams stated if there was a trench option, then the crossing would be
at-grade.

Council Member Burt asked whether these would be separated crossings.

Mr. Williams indicated the Task Force discussed a variety of crossings,
including additional at-grade crossings that were generally separated from
vehicular traffic.

Council Member Burt requested additional detailed information on crossings.
The fifth PTC recommendation made an important request regarding Figure
4.5, which showed the street undercrossing impact area on streets
perpendicular to Alma Street.        An analysis performed by Californians
Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD) indicated the impact area
should be extended on Alma Street. When considering the impacts around
Alma Street, the number of residences impacted and potentially taken was
essentially doubled. The intent of Policy 1.3 was to recognize unequal
impacts within Palo Alto. The PTC Chair stated all areas of Palo Alto should
be treated equally. That was a good goal, but simplistic in that areas with
the greatest impact would receive the least mitigation and areas with the
least impact would receive the most mitigation. In discussing modernization
or electrification of Caltrain, it was important to recognize that not all of
Caltrain's improvements would be around electrification. A major portion
was positive train control. The Council could more easily adopt the term
modernization if it did not include or preclude electrification, positive train
control, and other options.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed with Council Member Klein's and Council Member
Burt's comments. The document indicated it would represent the City's
policies if it was approved. He did not wish to approve City policy that would
encourage eminent domain of single-family homes without reviewing it and
the impact of grade crossings. The Council needed to discuss modernization
and its meaning before making a decision. He wanted to continue the topic
until the Council could discuss policy positions. He suggested reviewing
Transportation Element revisions holistically and comprehensively.         He
expressed concern about adopting the Resolution without time to review it
extensively.

Council Member Holman suggested considering the document in concert with
other Transportation Element updates. The document discussed grade
separations, and she was not committed to grade separations because of the
considerable impacts. She could not support adoption of the Resolution as
she had not had time to review it thoroughly. The Mitigated Negative
Declaration (MND) in relation to aesthetics indicated there were less than
                                                                          Page 9 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/18/12
