             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
             MINUTES
                                                            Special Meeting
                                                              July 16, 2012

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 5:35 P.M.

Present:   Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein arrived @ 7:12 P.M., Price,
           Scharff, Shepherd, Yeh

Absent:    Schmid

1.   Interview of Henry Wong for the Planning and Transportation
     Commission for One Unexpired Term Ending on July 31, 2013.

The City Council interviewed Henry Wong for the one unexpired term on the
Planning and Transportation Commission ending on July 31, 2013.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Bay Area Council Yangpu District Presentation.

Bing Wei, Vice President of Initiatives gave a presentation on the potential
partnership between Palo Alto and the Yangpu District. She said that the
Bay Area Council was established in 1945 by Earl Warren. The Bay Area
Council’s goal was to advocate for a strong economy and a better quality of
life.   Shanghai was the most prominent business city in China, second to
Beijing. Yangpu had a population of 1.3 million with 14 universities, two of
which were ranked in the top five universities in China. Yangpu aspired to
be the Silicon Valley of China and was in the process of building its
ecosystem around the vision. She explained there were five core strengths
of Yangpu’s industry, including innovations in technology. Ms. Wei said they
presented the same idea to the Yangpu District. If both sides agreed to
move forward with the project a Letter of Intent (LOI) could be signed and
they could determine how they would collaborate with each other. VMware
was a new member and was headquartered in the Yangpu District and the
largest employer in Palo Alto. After the LOI was signed they wanted
agreement about how they could do other events on an annual basis, or
cross border trade collaboration into different vehicles. Commissioner Yin
developed the partnership idea because it was more related to economic


                                                                    Page 1 of 47
