indicated there would not be an immediate change for the tenants no matter
who was the landlord. He thought it sufficient to say that Cubberley was
going to be a difficult problem.

Council Member Holman stated there had been concern about the public
aspect of the Cubberley discussions. She suggested an updated schedule for
the Cubberley Process be published to provide a clear idea of the Process.
She asked that the Motion be repeated.

Council Member Shepherd reiterated the Motion to be that the decision of
the future of the Cubberley site be made via the Cubberley Process that had
already been established by the Council, and then integrated by Staff back
into the Infrastructure decisions that the Council would make.

Council Member Holman indicated the Council would want Staff's input
regarding how it was integrated into IBRC; however, she thought Staff and
Council should make that decision not Staff alone.

Mr. Keene suggested deleting Staff and have it read "be integrated into the
... Process."

Council Member Burt supported the Motion. He indicated IBRC had proposed
using funds going to the School District as a potential revenue source for
other Infrastructure needs. He thought the Council needed to have some
important discussion, not necessarily under this motion or even today,
regarding diminishment of the City's ability to provide the services that
Cubberley was presently providing, as the School District would take over
not only elements of the buildings but also potentially and probably diminish
the availability of the playing fields. He thought some of that could be
negotiated and the City wouldn't necessarily lose it entirely. He stated that
was one aspect of Cubberley that was a future need and the Council needed
to review it. He explained another aspect was around a broader issue, the
City's future needs; needs if we, as a community, are to continue to provide
services and quality of life comparable to what we have historically provided.
He explained the City was battling with the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) between the City wanting the low end of the growth
range in population going forward, and ABAG wanting the high-end. He
reported the School District was seen as having significant school population
growth in youth, and there would be youth needs outside of and within the
schools. He felt that was not only the result of new housing development,
but also the turnover in housing. Just as the City had over the last 20-30
years been remiss in allowing a deficit to occur in Infrastructure
maintenance, it would be remiss in ignoring the future needs. He asked
what was the reconciliation between essential services and other things that
                                  17                   January 21, 2012 
 
