                                 MINUTES
When the land uses were majority multifamily use it automatically generated
a high demand for parking. Streets with those uses did not lend themselves
to programs such as the RPP. Staff also wanted to make sure that whatever
program was recommended in an RPP form was cost neutral and sustained
itself without impacting or drawing from existing City resources. Thinking
more globally, Staff tried to pool all of the RPP districts into one fund to help
maintain costs for RPP permits around the City, rather than try to manage
several RPP funds. Different tiers of RPP only created inequity in the
community. He showed the proposed boundary for the proposed RPP district
that the working group reached consensus on. It was south of Channing,
Addison, Lincoln, Ramona, and Emerson and represented approximately 190
on-street parking spaces. The working group discussed details on how the
RPP would work and they came to consensus on several factors. One was
that offering one permit to residents was a way to demonstrate what the
long term benefit of RPP was because if the program were implemented long
term those residents would want to purchase the permits long term. They
also wanted to ensure that there were permits available to residents beyond
the one free permit.        They recommended a cost of $50.00 for each
additional specific vehicle or every additional permit that could be hung from
a rear view mirror for guests. They recommended random enforcement to
help measure the type of compliance they received through changes in
regulatory signage as well as citation revenue for future long term operation
and sustainability. One of the unique elements of the program was that
they wanted to make sure there was a balance between the resident uses
and the existing next door commercial uses. One of the items the working
group reached consensus on was making a small portion of on-street spaces
available for neighboring uses through the sale of non-resident permits at
the same cost of $50.00 throughout the trial period. Multi-guest or day
passes were also available at the cost of $1.00 per permit. They also
discussed the length of the program and decided the trial program should be
a minimum of three months and should last up to six months. Because they
had collected strong baseline data for the program, it was simple for Staff to
measure any impact from people moving from one street onto a street that
was outside the RPP area. Once the working group built a consensus on the
boundaries and elements of the RPP program it surveyed the people that
lived within the area.       They sent out approximately 103 surveys and
received back about 68 responses.           Of the 68 responses, 82 percent
supported the implementation of a trial project. He showed the survey that
the residents were asked to respond to and noted that a follow up survey
was sent, which helped them get to the 68 responses they received. There
was much conversation about how to measure the success of a trial. The
first and foremost way to measure the success was the parking occupancy
on the street. They had the baseline data and they needed a measure to
determine if the program provided a benefit or caused an impact to the
                                                                           Page 8 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
