Mr. Snyder indicated the larger safety fence would be placed along the El
Camino Real side and the backside of the soccer field.

Council Member Price inquired if the surface materials were permeable, and
asked for cost implications of permeable versus non-permeable.

Mr. Anderson said permeable concrete would be utilized on the El Camino
Real side of the north field. Because irrigation would be removed from the
north field, Staff wanted to enhance every possibility of getting water to the
trees in that area and would use porous concrete for the pathways. Porous
concrete was more expensive than asphalt. Around both north fields, the
design called for use of decomposed granite pathways, which would allow
water to flow to root systems.

Council Member Shepherd asked for an explanation of the $1.6 million from
the reservoir project.

Mr. Anderson had a list of the various items funding from Utilities would pay
for.

Council Member Shepherd asked how the $1.6 million became a part of the
Park Impact Fees.

Mr. Anderson stated the $1.6 million was not included in Park Impact Fees.
Staff had broken down the $1.6 million from Utilities into each component of
the park design, and deducted that amount from the cost of each
component.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the cost of improvements was actually
$3.9 million.

Mr. Anderson answered yes.

Council Member Shepherd stated that was not clear.

Mr. Betts explained the Utilities Department under Proposition 218 was
required to return the park to its original condition. The differences were the
passive recreational area at the north end of the park, the permeable
pathways, the new fencing, the artificial turf, the expanded parking lot, the
combination sports field, and all items the Council directed Staff to consider.

Council Member Shepherd suggested having two line items and a
combination of the two in order to show the approximately $4 million impact
on the park. She shared Council Member Espinosa's concerns regarding
possible relocation of a building into the park. She asked when the two bike
subways might be constructed.

                                      35                          04/23/2012
