                                MINUTES
time between Palo Alto and San Jose would be reduced by only a few
minutes.

Irvin Dawid thought this was an exciting project. The biggest thing the
Council needed to think about is whether we want bike lanes on El Camino
Real. The dedicated lanes would provide bike lanes and would generate
many bike trips. A recent federal study indicated a small amount of
infrastructure investment resulted in many benefits in terms of walking and
biking. He was pleased that Staff was searching for a federal grant.. He
hoped the Council would consider the SB 375 impact, the idea of reducing
greenhouse gas emissions from transportation. Another study indicated
young people were driving less. This project complemented the Grand
Boulevard Initiative. He urged the Council to adopt dedicated lanes to
provide bike lanes.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager reported the Dumbarton Bridge would be closed
from 10:00 P.M. on May 25, 2012, to 5:00 A.M. on May 29, 2012, to
complete a major element of the seismic retrofit. Everyone could become
part of the Palo Alto forest by photographing a tree in Palo Alto as part of an
art project. The Palo Alto forest was sponsored by the Palo Alto Arts Center
in partnership with Canopy. National River Clean-Up Day was May 19, 2012.
There would be a number of sites for the community to remove litter from
stream banks. The City continued to improve San Antonio Road, including
sidewalks, medians and landscaping. Lane closures would begin May 15,
2012. Bike to Work Day had record-breaking participation of 1,573, a 14
percent increase over 2011. Mayor Yeh and Chief Transportation Official
Jaime Rodriguez greeted cyclists at all four stations.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to approve the minutes for January 21, 2012 and February 6,
2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

William Landgraf stated the credibility for most government bodies was
clearly on the wane. Most governments suffered from chronic, unfunded
pension liabilities. The California pension funds for State workers were in
serious peril and needed immediate action. Similar budgetary management
                                                                          Page 4 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
