Council Member Schmid asked if Mr. Williams would say that for this one
target what they emerged with was disappointing on this ideal site.

Mr. Williams said they hoped to have had more housing.

Council Member Schmid said that at the end of each application there was a
resource impact statement. This application stated that the project was likely
to have Property Tax, Sales Tax, and Utility Users Tax in the range of
$70,000-$90,000. The economists for the Stanford Project worked out a
system which could judge the cost to the City of an increase in either workers
or residences. So if the Stanford technique were applied to assess the cost of
this project, what we end up with is a deficit of about $190,000 per year over
the life of the project. He said that did not sound like a positive public
benefit. He asked the Staff if Council should take that into account in thinking
about the impact on the City.

Mr. Williams said he would have to look at the Stanford study. He recalled
that they also accounted for the income generators of people going to lunch
and purchasing goods and services in the city, which was a positive that they
had not considered here. He said that this was basically just what the fees
and property tax revenue would be. What Council Member Schmid discussed
would be a much more complex analysis. Staff had not thought to do that
with a project that was primarily commercial and did not generate a lot of
Transit Occupancy Tax (TOT) or sales tax. He said most non-residential
projects seemed to be a plus in terms of property taxes and other revenue
sources relative to a population that probably provides more in terms of
buying goods and services than our need to service them.

Council Member Schmid said that his point was that as they started thinking
in terms of public benefits and impacts on parking it was important to do a
more sophisticated look at the impact on the General Fund. He stated that as
we move forward that would be important in the Council’s analysis, as it
certainly was in the Stanford case.

Council Member Burt said the discussion had not taken the direction he had
expected in terms of the question of costs to the community of residential
versus office or workers increasing versus residents increasing. He did not
think the Council could go through that debate in detail that night. He
recalled a series of studies over the last decade which had consistently found
that residents have more of a financial impact on the City than workers. He
said that if that was the premise that some of his colleagues had, he did not
think it was correct. He said that Palo Alto had argued to ABAG that transit
use by office workers was a higher use than transit use by residents in the
same proximity to the transit station. He wanted to return to the issue raised
by Vice Mayor Scharff about the In Lieu fee. He said that he understood that
                                   21                    March 12, 2012
