                          DRAFT MINUTES
selected for the 2012 wind award; 6) Earth Day Celebration Mayor Yeh water
reduction; and 7) Thursday May 10 6:30-9:00 Bike to Work Day.

Council Member Price returned at 8:07 P.M.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the minutes of January 23, 2012 and January 30,
2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Craig Allen, President of the Palo Alto Golf Club, indicated the members were
interested in the changes proposed for the Golf Club.             The Finance
Committee recommended Option G, which was designed with the intent of
removing 10 acres and reserving that area in a land bank. This renovation
could be performed for an additional $3 million as compared to Option D,
which was preferred by most members of the golf community. That $3
million did not include lost revenue for closing the entire course for a year.
The Golf Club's Board of Directors voted to support Option D, and expressed
serious concerns about the viability of Option G. He asked the Council to
closely review the numbers involved, both the cost estimates for
construction and projected estimates provided by the National Golf
Foundation. The National Golf Foundation report correctly indicated some of
the risks involved with those plans. If the City wanted the acreage, they
should pay for part of the changes necessary to make that happen.

Aram James stated the Independent Police Auditor's report indicated the
Police Department had not discharged a Taser in the last three reporting
periods. He commended Chief Burns for ensuring officers complied with
case law. He felt it was time to revisit the use of Tasers for any reason in
Palo Alto.   Some new scientific reports suggested cardiac arrest was
triggered by Taser use. The cost of maintaining a weapon that was not
being used should be revisited in this time of limited resources.

Chuck Jagoda requested any documents, records, or digital representations
regarding any break-ins, burglaries, robberies, thefts, and defacements. He
had previously discussed parking spaces for people who were unhoused.
There was evidence people had received relief by employing a night
watchman. He wanted to make that available to more members of the
community, and would appreciate any help from the Council.
                                                                          Page 3 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
