16.   Update Regarding Sustainable Communities Strategy (SCS) and
      Regional Housing Needs Methodology, Determination of Designation
      for Priority Development Areas, and Authorization for Letter
      Regarding One Bay Area Transportation Grant.

Director, Planning & Community Environment, Curtis Williams reported
there were two specific and one general recommendations. The first
specific recommendation was that Council direct Staff not to request
designation of the El Camino Corridor and/or Downtown as Priority
Development Areas (PDA). He noted this was also the recommendation of
the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and the Regional
Housing Mandate Committee (RHMC). The second recommendation was to
authorize the Mayor to sign the letter, attached as attachment A, to the
Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) making further comments
regarding the One Bay Area Transportation grant criteria. The third
recommendation was to provide continuing input regarding the City's
approach to the alternative scenarios presented by the Association of Bay
Area Governments (ABAG) with MTC input, and to direct Staff and the
RHMC to return to the Council with an interim letter to those agencies
regarding this effort. Staff had included a fourth recommendation to
support Staff's utilization of $25,000 of existing budget to retain an
economic consultant, who would appear at the RHCMC meeting on
Thursday. He reported the Council had made previous comments on the
letter to the MTC, and had several suggestions regarding the criteria. He
explained the MTC had modified and streamlined some criteria such that
there were now three criteria. One remained the certification of a Housing
Element. The second one was adoption of a Complete Streets Policy for a
city. The third one was a city's Resolution of Intent to make zoning and
Housing Element consistent with a non-binding Resolution of Intent. Staff
believed Palo Alto could comply with the Complete Streets Policy. Staff
continued to be concerned about the Housing Element certification, and
thought this non-binding Resolution of Intent was a nebulous and
dangerous path to travel. Staff had drafted the letter opposing those two
specific items. Staff also noted that the Santa Clara County Planning
Directors Association was compiling a letter on this subject and included
both of those points; although, it also included some others that were more
important to the County and some other cities. Staff wanted to focus Palo
Alto's letter on those two items. Staff understood the Cities Association
was drafting a letter similar to that. He had contacted their staff, and they
had reviewed Palo Alto's letter and would hopefully incorporate some of
Palo Alto's information. He indicated the second issue regarding the PDAs
was the three areas now included the alternative scenarios compiled by
ABAG. He noted the California Avenue PDA had priority for grant eligibility
funding for that area as part of the One Bay Area grant and part of this

                                     21                           02/21/2012
