                               MINUTES
construction staging and ways to enhance business activity during the
course of construction.     Staff recommended that Council approve the
proposed street alignment with sidewalk widening and conceptual design
level of the plaza, direct Staff to proceed with more detailed design, and
continue to work with the community and to return to Council early in 2013
with a final design.

Arthur Keller, Planning and Transportation Commissioner, said that one of
the P&TC’s recommendations was taken into account. The contraflow bike
facility at the Park Boulevard plaza was changed from when the P&TC saw it.
The main issue was the P&TC’s recommendation that Staff be directed by
Council to solicit a proposal from the merchants and the community for a
trial that included what measures would implement the trial and the metrics
to determine success or failure. He thought from everything he read and
heard that there was wide acclaim of the improvements themselves other
than the lane reduction. The trial was merely to determine whether the lane
reduction would result in an increased congestion that would make California
Avenue reduced in terms of its passability. If what was measured was
congestion, then the standard Institute of Traffic Engineers (ITE) Level of
Service (LOS) metrics could be applied. Generally in the City levels A, B,
and C were considered acceptable, D was marginal, and level F was failing.
Based on those LOS metrics one could have an objective measure as to
whether the trial was successful. If it went into level of service D, he
thought people would generally consider that unsuccessful. On the other
hand, if it changed from A to B or B to C using the standard ITE metrics,
then he thought people should consider that a success. He did not want
Staff to enter into a trial unless there were clear metrics agreed to in
advance as to what was successful. He said that the choice for the Council
was to recommend that Staff solicit a trial proposal from the merchants and
noted that basically only incurred Staff costs. Only once a trial from the
merchants was proposed that Staff considered feasible would there be actual
costs. His personal judgment was that there would not be a significant
degree of congestion. It was clear to him that a significant portion of the
merchant community and the visitors to California Avenue were concerned
about congestion. Based on that he thought that providing an opportunity
to propose a trial and evaluate what that trial entailed gave the community
an opportunity to have their say.

Council Member Shepherd said that Jack Morton set up a meeting with a
number of Council Members and she participated in that meeting. She
heard several things at that meeting that she wanted the merchants to
confirm during public comment. She asked Staff to confirm that if they did a
trial and it failed there were no funds remaining to complete the project.

                                                                      Page 36 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 7/23/12
