                                MINUTES

Council Member Schmid noted the Motion specifically mentioned September
1, 2012 as a deadline for Staff to identify projects and estimated costs. He
asked if Staff could meet that date.

City Manager, James Keene said it was an aggressive schedule, but Staff
could achieve that.

Mayor Yeh would support the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Mayor Yeh reported Staff would provide all Council Members with a template
and instructions for Council Members to prioritize projects identified in the
IBRC Report. This would maximize discussion at the last Retreat in June
2012 and provide Staff with general guidance for their work.

Mr. Keene suggested discussion at the Retreat include projects not included
in the IBRC Report. It would be helpful for the Council to have specific
concepts for discussion.

City Attorney, Molly Stump noted Staff prepared the tax exhibits based on
the most typical way that the taxes were organized. There were abilities
under some scenarios to use a different format. A tax that was typically
placed in the General Fund for a general purpose could be specified for an
identified purpose, which would shift it to a special tax and those rules would
apply. As the Council reviewed the exhibits, it should be aware that in some
cases there could be refinements or creative approaches to an added
increment at an election in the future.

Council Member Holman inquired if the Planning and Transportation
Commission would offer advice on infrastructure projects prior to the
Retreat.

Mr. Keene stated the Council could identify some directions and refer items
to the Planning and Transportation Commission or other parties. That would
be part of the input process. It was important for the Council to review
projects first. Because the IBRC Report was delivered to the Council, the
Council should develop responses to the Report. There was time to work
with the Planning and Transportation Commission.




                                                                         Page 21 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/21/12
