                                MINUTES
Stephen Emslie, Deputy City Manager reported on connectivity and the
proposed Master Plan for the 27 University Avenue (commonly known as the
MacArthur Park Restaurant) project. The project was an unprecedented
opportunity to transform a centrally-located, transitional area between
Downtown and Stanford University. It was a public-private partnership
involving several parties, and provided several significant public benefits.
One public benefit was improved access to the City's intermodal transit
center. Secondly, the project would improve critical pedestrian, bicycle, and
vehicular linkages between Stanford University and Downtown businesses
and residential areas. A third public benefit was construction of a shell
building for a performing arts center.          Through a Letter of Intent,
TheatreWorks expressed interest in raising funds to complete interior
improvements and in managing the center. The Hostess House/MacArthur
Park Restaurant building, designed by Julia Morgan, would be relocated at no
expense to the City to a site of the City's choosing and would be managed
by the City. To realize these goals and to pursue other opportunities, Staff
drafted a Master Plan.      Staff worked with consultants to identify site
improvements for multiple users, engaged major public transportation
agencies to create a transit solution, and engaged the project benefactor
and a TheatreWorks representative to understand the needs of the users of
the site. The Master Plan was intended to assist Staff in evaluating future
applications for uses in the area to ensure good planning and connectivity.
This project would assist the City in achieving its goals of creating a new arts
and innovation district; blending the Downtown and University areas;
advancing the common purpose of supporting shared creative and
entrepreneurial leadership; creating a permanent home for TheatreWorks in
Palo Alto; offering prominent and contemporary office space for premier
Silicon Valley technology companies; creating a vibrant urban destination;
and, redesigning transit accessibility for long-term and sustainable
transportation for Palo Alto, Stanford, and other users of the transit center.
The intent of the presentation was to familiarize the Council and the public
with the Master Plan; to provide an opportunity for the City Council and
community to provide meaningful input on the Master Plan; and to guide
Staff in preparing ballot language for the Advisory Ballot Measure planned
for the March 2013 election.

Bruce Fukuji, Fukuji Planning presented the vision for the Master Plan area.
He understood the Council's direction was not to limit the vision to the
project as it was originally proposed, but to look at the area
comprehensively and to determine the potential of the site. Because of the
tracks and El Camino Real, the project area was a non-place realm, meaning
it was not part of Downtown, but could be part of an extended boulevard.
There was an opportunity to create a unique area. The site had assets
which presented both opportunities and challenges. Opportunities included a
                                                                           Page 7 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/24/12
