                                MINUTES
Council Member Price believed the costs should be expressed as ranges
rather than precise figures at this stage. A clear project definition and scope
was needed to determine the range of costs. She suggested including a
statement of assumptions being made.

Council Member Holman stated this would be an iterative process in that
priorities could change depending upon polling and funding. The Council
needed to know the public's priorities and tolerance of amount they would
pay. She agreed with Council Member Burt's comments regarding education
of the community. She questioned why playing fields were listed as a
project but the Golf Course was not.

Mr. Eggleston explained the Golf Course was not included because the work
was expected to be funded through the Joint Powers Authority (JPA)
mitigation funds. Staff may have included a small unfunded amount.

Council Member Holman felt $4.4 million was not a small amount. She
noted Animal Services was a service while other projects were capital
projects. The Council had not made a recommendation on locating Animal
Services at the former Los Altos Treatment Plant site.

Ms. Tucker clarified that Staff was referring to the Animal Services Center.

Council Member Holman believed funding for the Municipal Services Center
(MSC) did not consider savings from reduced lease of other space. She
requested more information about the Regional Water Quality Control Plant
and the possibilities there.

Mayor Yeh was interested in the concept of funding alternatives. Polling
could be used to educate the community regarding the use of funding
alternatives. He supported use of an Ad Hoc or existing Committee, but not
the creation of a special committee because of the amount of work it created
for Staff.

Council Member Price suggested a column for operational savings or costs in
Council Member Klein's spreadsheet to highlight budget implications.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Burt discussed the Gran Fondo event held on September 16,
2012.

                                                                         Page 19 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/18/12
