Mr. Bartel said Council needed to look at the difference between the market
value and the actuarial value which was the compromise between the
smoothing and not. On June 30, 2011 the City had a market value of $44.8
million and the actuarial value being used to set the rate was $40 million.
There were approximately ten percent of the assets not included so a $4
million change in the un-funded liability might increase the ARC by
$500,000. Using smoothing for actuarial value of assets understated the
contribution at the expense of smoothing, similarly if the investment return
was particularly good it might overstate in a good investment years.

Council Member Shepherd said there was an $8 million difference between
2008 and 2010.

Mr. Bartel acknowledged that was correct.

Council Member Shepherd asked why there was a $12 million change
between 2009 and 2011.

Mr. Bartel said the investment return for the City due to the timing of when
the contribution was placed was consistently good. The $4 million difference
was being used as an actuarial value below the market value so they were
overstating the contribution by the $250,000.

Council Member Burt said the newly hired non-public safety employees were
coming in on a two tier retirement program of two percent at 60. Mr. Bartel
mentioned those employees did not have an impact on the current actuarial
discussion. He asked if in ten years half of the City’s employees were at two
percent at 60, would they be in the equation to a fairly significant degree.
So if the actuarial was looking into the future at a 30-year horizon, he asked
how they would not impact the equation.

Mr. Bartel said there was more than a 30-year horizon. For example, if the
valuation was completed the day before the employee change was effective
that valuation would determine an un-funded liability using no one in the
new tier. However, if the valuation occurred the day after the benefit
changed, and there were employees hired under the tier benefit program,
the un-funded liability for those new employees and the actuarial liability
would be zero. The un-funded liability did not change because there were
new employees being hired, what would change was the normal cost
component of the ARC.

Council Member Burt asked for a scenario in ten years where half of the
newly hired employees were at two percent at 60 who retired at age 58
while the other half retired at age 63. He asked if it was correct to state
those who retire at age 63, had attached to them less un-funded liability
than those who retired at age 58.

                                      7                          01/30/2012
