                                MINUTES
not interfere with business by someone always having a truck in front of
their shop.

Council Member Burt said he was on the P&TC for nine years and had been
on the Council for almost five. He did not think he ever encountered a
project where there had been so many misrepresentations disseminated.
When people heard claims they tended to think there was some truth to
them. One of those was that the City had not been responsive to the issues.
Over a year ago one of the issues brought up was that if they were going to
do the project they were not getting sidewalk widening. Council Member
Holman pushed hard and a number of Council Members supported that and
the project returned with really significant sidewalk widening. Then there
were explicit claims that there were going to be reductions in parking. He
said that once people were upset over falsehoods it was hard to let go.
There was actually going to be an increase in parking, not a decrease. The
statistics were not even a close call; if they were he would favor a trial. He
said it was so far away from that and that was only on California Avenue.
They had not discussed the capacity of the side streets such as Cambridge.
He looked down Cambridge every day and there was hardly a car on it and
that was a wide street. He already took Cambridge because it was easier
than California Avenue. Staff was attacked at a public meeting because they
could not cite exactly how many of the merchants did not have alleys. That
was seen as conclusive proof that the Staff had not analyzed the project.
The answer really was that there were almost no merchants without alley
access. He stated that the plan added loading spots where they did not
currently exist. He said that there was another claim made that the City
was only doing a two lane design because of the grant. The truth was the
City had been supportive of two lane designs for a long time and formally
CAADA was a strong supporter of the two lane design. He also heard that
the issue was with bike safety, but they heard from the bike community and
experts that they supported the project. He said the plan was sound design
and he had never witnessed such a set of misrepresentations and
irrationality on a project in the City. He thought the one remaining thing that
was a legitimate concern was the construction impact and that the City
would have to work very hard on that. There were many great long term
gains, but the construction impact was legitimate and they were going to
have to work very hard on that and that was where they needed to place
their focus.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to
approve the proposed California Avenue Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape
project street alignment, including sidewalk widening and plaza design, and
direct Staff to continue the final design.

                                                                         Page 62 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
