Council Member Klein said that meant the City was not required to have the
Applicant pay into the assessment district.      With respect to the public
benefits, he could not make a clear delineation as to what he thought was
appropriate public benefits without looking at what the Applicant was getting
with the PC zoning compared to what it would have gotten through regular
zoning. He asked if there was a chart along those lines.

Ms. French said the chart was in the Planning and Transportation
Commission’s Staff Report of February 22, 2012. She said it was titled
Attachment D, Table 1.

Mr. Williams said it was an attachment to an e-mail of earlier that day. It was
previously included in the PTC attachment, but that was not in Council’s
packet. He said that Council Member Price had the correct document in her
hand. It compared what was proposed to what would be allowed under the
existing zoning.

Council Member Klein said that was not quite what he had looked for, but that
it would be helpful. He asked what the square footage was of the building
that could have been built under the existing zoning, with no exceptions or
variances.

Mr. Williams said that it was not one-to-one because a portion of the site was
not zoned Downtown Community Commercial District, so what the Applicant
proposed originally was a 17,000 square foot non-residential office building.
There was potential for some mixed use as well with that, but that was not
look at initially. The potential for mixed use would allow residential.

Council Member Klein said the chart did not answer all his questions.        He
assumed that the profit for the developer was in the office building.

Mr. Williams said that was a fair assumption.

Council Member Klein said under the PC application they would round up to
45,000 square feet in office space.

Mr. Williams stated they would have been able to build 17,000 square feet.

Council Member Klein confirmed the Applicant received an additional 28,000
square feet.

Mr. Williams said 49,000 square feet was proposed, so it would be more than
an additional 28,000 square feet.



                                  25                    March 12, 2012
