                                MINUTES

Mr. Keene reported it was easier for Staff to schedule a prescreening study
session than to obtain additional proposals.      He asked the Council to
consider a timeframe for obtaining proposals and whether that should
precede the prescreening session. The Council could hold the prescreening
session prior to requesting additional proposals.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, reported the upcoming Agendas contained Items
not related to Planning, but could require time for discussion. Those Items
were the Golf Course reconfiguration on July 23, 2012, and the Cool City's
Challenge on July 16, 2012.

Mayor Yeh asked the City Attorney for her perspective on structuring the
meeting.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, stated this project was fairly complex, and there
were potentially other areas for the Council to explore. Staff would need to
look at all legal issues. The Council should explore these ideas, and she
would work with Staff to provide legal guidance.

Council Member Price believed the prescreening concept would be useful and
timely, and the Council could broaden the discussion at a later point. She
suggested holding the prescreening study session as soon as possible after
the break to allow articulation of concepts and Staff to prepare a report.

Mayor Yeh recalled the Council had a Special Meeting scheduled for
September 4, 2012, and the Agenda for that was not filled.

Council Member Klein favored the prescreening study session.        He did not
believe the City would receive many alternative proposals.

Council Member Burt was not opposed to a prescreening study session, but
felt it should be after the recess. He did not want the Council to accept the
proposal without considering alternatives and consequences.

Council Member Schmid stated the Council had a number of projects for
consideration under public benefits. The Council explicitly asked Staff to
have prescreening sessions on the larger projects. This seemed an ideal
situation to do something like that. Prescreening was to facilitate the project
as it moved through the process. He supported a prescreening study
session on a date to be determined by Staff.

Vice Mayor Scharff wanted to hold a prescreening session as soon as
possible. Any item to be continued from the Agenda should be determined
                                                                         Page 15 of 21
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/13/12
