                               MINUTES
Council Member Espinosa asked about the process for preventing musicians
from monopolizing the stage and for removing people.

Mr. Anderson stated meetings with the Commission subcommittee initially
suggested Staff monitor musicians; however, the City did not have enough
Staff to do that. Limits would have to be imposed by the user groups and/or
musicians.

Council Member Espinosa asked why Staff did not recommend permitting.

Mr. Anderson reported Staff initially proposed a permit costing $300 for use
of Lytton Plaza with the idea that the fee would constrain the number of
requests to a manageable amount. However, the Commission felt a permit
severely limited the opportunity for live music at Lytton Plaza.

Council Member Espinosa inquired about Staff's management of volume and
decibel level.

Mr. Anderson indicated the Police Department, and to some degree
musicians, managed the volume level. During jam sessions sponsored by
Ms. Webb, she utilized a decibel meter to monitor the volume level and then
to request musicians lower the volume. When music was performed outside
specified hours, the Police Department could check for a permit rather than
measuring the decibel level, which would reduce the amount of time
required for the Police Department to respond to noise complaints.

Council Member Espinosa inquired about the process for providing electricity
to Lytton Plaza.

Mr. Anderson explained Staff originally locked electrical outlets to prevent
use of electricity by non-permitted users. However, locks were broken and
protective covers removed. Currently, each outlet was connected to the
irrigation control system and could be controlled and scheduled remotely
from a Staff computer.

Council Member Espinosa asked whether Staff had reached out to the
business adjoining Lytton Plaza regarding volume of piped-in music.

Mr. Anderson stated the business was responsive to musicians and Plaza
users who requested the music be shut off or the volume decreased.

Council Member Espinosa encouraged free speech and live music; however,
at times the music volume was excessive in adjoining office buildings. He
favored amplified music beginning at 6:00 P.M., because the workday
                                                                      Page 18 of 22
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/19/12
