                               MINUTES
applicant. The Motion did not change the conditions fundamentally from the
prior meeting. He felt the estimated cost of $5 million to $10 million to
construct a garage was low. The actual driver for a future parking garage
was likely to be the permit parking programs in the neighborhoods. A
number of earlier PC projects had minimal public benefits. He did not recall
any prior projects that had public benefits approaching this level. This
project had strong public benefits intrinsic to the site and related to the
impacts of the project. He supported the primary Motion.

Council Member Shepherd wanted a sustainable project to ensure it was
built, parked and successful. This was a generous package to consider for a
public benefit. The fifth floor could possibly have been a parking garage, but
that was not the direction of the Council. She supported the Motion. The in
lieu fees would produce enough benefit to support this particular project at
this particular size.

Council Member Espinosa understood the spirit and impetus for the
Amendment, but he found it inappropriate, excessive, and verging on
flagrant. The applicant worked with Staff and responded to Council's
recommendations. To add this non-negotiated requirement was shocking.
He would vote against the Amendment.

Council Member Klein indicated this was not the right process. The Council
deliberately did not mention any dollar amounts at the prior meeting, but
directed Staff to negotiate with the applicant. Increasing the dollar amount
at this stage would be bad faith.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 1-8 Schmid yes

Council Member Holman asked what could be accomplished with $250,000
for a neighborhood parking program and with $60,000 for a parking
analysis. She also asked about the process for requiring implementation of
the parking program prior to occupancy of the building.

Mr. Williams reported the $250,000 could fund the start-up and possibly first
year costs for the Downtown North and Professorville neighborhoods. The
$60,000 amount would be used to hire a consultant versed in construction
practices with parking garages to analyze four or five sites and provide
estimates of construction costs, the potential number of parking spaces, and
those kinds of criteria. He hesitated to describe a process for implementing
parking programs prior to occupancy, because neighborhood response could
be unpredictable. It was speculative to tie occupancy of the building to the
implementation of a parking program.

                                                                        Page 29 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
