                                MINUTES
central location, good multi-modal accessibility, a historic depot, adjacency
to El Camino Park, and the potential to become a gateway to Downtown and
Stanford. The challenges were confusing circulation, isolation, no public
space, no entrance, and no spatial definition. The team met with transit
agencies to determine how to create connectivity, because providing public
transit was the foundation for the design work. They identified long-term
needs for the City and region, determined transit capacity and operational
needs, and considered characteristics for an arts and innovation district.
The project area would be two blocks: one consisting of an urban, mixed-
use development facing the transit ring road and one consisting of a park,
theater and public plaza. The team next considered the design of streets for
cyclists and pedestrians rather than cars. They extended and redesigned
roads to create a new route to Stanford Shopping Center and Medical Center
from University Avenue without having to travel through the intersection.
Pedestrian routes from University Avenue contained stairs to the theater or
the plaza. To connect to Downtown, the team included a wider pedestrian
tunnel for bikes. To increase pedestrian connectivity to parks, they created
mid-block crossings in Downtown. Site access for cars was below-grade
parking with 850-900 spaces underneath the plaza and office buildings,
drop-off spaces, and perpendicular street parking. The transit ring road
would be two-lane with continuous bus stops along both sides. To meet the
long-term needs for transit, Urban Lane would be a bus turn-around;
however, this idea was reserved for the next step. The theater plaza space
needed to be large to accommodate large number of people and to allow for
appreciation of architecture. It would have raised planting areas to create a
protective edge from traffic; trees and sitting areas; and public art or a
water feature as a focus. The floor area ratio (FAR) for the theater and
mixed-use offices would be consistent with current zoning. The strategy was
to make two office buildings look as they were four buildings, using bridges
and ground-floor connectivity for pedestrians.       There would be higher
heights at El Camino Real and University Avenue, and lower heights at
theater plaza. From Palm Drive into Downtown, they envisioned trees and
grassy areas in the median and along both sides of street and possibly public
art at stairways. From the transit center to the theater, streets were
designed for slow traffic and accessibility, with trees, bollards, and lighting
to separate pedestrian areas. From Downtown to the arts and innovation
district, there would be raised intersections, bollards, pedestrian paving,
access to below-grade parking, and ground-floor activities at office buildings.
From El Camino Park toward the theater, raised landscaping and street
paving would create enclosure within the park setting. Access along El
Camino Real needed to be redesigned for a grand boulevard concept. The
access road and median would be lined with trees, and the building facades
curved to provide more public space and landscaping.

                                                                          Page 8 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/24/12
