                               MINUTES
The City Council reconvened from the Closed Session at 7:20 P.M. and
Mayor Yeh advised no reportable action.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Resolution 9286 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Police Canine Aris z Kaplickeho hamru
     Upon His Retirement.”

Council Member Holman read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Espinosa to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to police canine
Aris z Kaplickeho hamru upon his retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Yeh presented the Resolution and dog treats to Aris.

Police Agent Anthony Becker thanked the Police Department for the
opportunity to work with Aris. Working with Aris was an honor and a
privilege.

3.   Proclamation of the Council in Support of Plug-In Day, September 23,
     2012.

Vice Mayor Scharff read the Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Yeh was happy to highlight electric and plug-in vehicles and looked
forward to related initiatives.

4.   Community Partnership Presentation – 20 Years of Clean Bay Business
     Program.

Council Member Espinosa read the Proclamation into the record.

The Palo Alto City Council recognized automotive businesses in Palo Alto that
have been part of the Clean Bay Business program for 20 consecutive
years. 17 businesses in Palo Alto were honored for participating in this
program, which has been successful in reducing heavy metal pollution from
reaching the sewers and storm drains by using an incentive-based rather
than regulatory approach. The significant decrease in heavy metal pollution
from these businesses since the inception of the program contributes to the

                                                                         Page 2 of 20
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/18/12
