                               MINUTES
If the Plan was placed on the November 2012 ballot and was approved, it
would become effective in 2014 at the same rate as the existing measure.
The Plan included a project to replace several bridges and provide 50-year
flood protection for San Francisquito Creek between Highway 101 and
Middlefield Road.    This project would lay the groundwork for the San
Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority to move forward on its own ballot
measure to enable 100-year protection. The Plan identified $35.5 million to
be applied to the San Francisquito Creek project. Another $20 million would
be applied to the study of options for improving the Bayfront levees to afford
flood protection from tidal flooding.

Rick Calendar, Director of Government Affairs with Santa Clara County
Water District reported the Plan received endorsements from 120 individuals
and organizations as well as municipalities and chambers of commerce. The
Water District Board would consider placing the Plan on the ballot at its July
24, 2012 meeting. A scientific poll indicated approximately 69 percent
support for the Plan, which would need a two-thirds vote. The Plan would
not increase any tax rate.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) adopt the Resolution supporting the Santa Clara Valley Water
District’s (District) Safe, Clean Water and Natural Flood Protection Plan
(Plan), and 2) recommend the District place the Plan on the November 2012
general election ballot.

Council Member Burt indicated the measure was a continuation of the
current tax rate and not a new tax. $35.5 million was a large portion of the
funds needed to construct a comprehensive solution to the watershed.
There had been a recent focus on a comprehensive plan for tidal flooding,
because tidal levees were inadequate. The Plan included funding to plan,
design and complete the construction documents. This was a vital program
for emergency preparedness and included strong environmental protection
initiatives and recreational initiatives.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Burt's comments.

Council Member Schmid supported the Motion. The Water District was
broadening its horizon to include the shoreline, which traditionally had not
been a consideration. Moving the expiration date from 2016 to 2014 was an
indication that the Water District wanted to move ahead quickly with its new
design.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent



07-02-2012                                                             111-126
