Mr. Perez stated there was no inflation factor in the numbers. They were
kept constant for the purpose of calculations. Inflation would have to be
considered if the Council moved forward on projects. Before the Great
Recession, there were significant construction cost increases. The IBRC
discussed including an inflation factor, but preferred to keep the calculations
simple by not including it.

Council Member Price asked if that also applied to keep-up.

Mr. Perez replied yes.

Council Member Price commented the Council did not have a lot of choices
with regard to keep-up and catch-up. At a certain point, the City would not
be able to keep the various entities functioning.

Mr. Perez agreed with Council Member Price in general. The Council needed
to catch-up and keep-up infrastructure in order to have it right-sized and to
maintain that level. The Council would need to prioritize projects and decide
if the City had the capacity for these projects with existing Staff.

Council Member Price inquired whether the new project estimates were
capital costs.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, reported those were capital costs
including design and construction.

Council Member Price asked if those estimates were in 2011-2012 dollars.

Mr. Sartor answered yes.

Council Member Price inquired if the concept of tiered rates could be applied
to other categories of taxes.

Mr. Saccio indicated the Business License Tax could have tiers depending on
how it was structured.

Mr. Perez stated Utility Users Tax had a threshold where the tax decreased
depending on consumption. Staff could review that aspect.

Council Member Price asked if the concept of indexing was also a possibility
in some cases.

Mr. Saccio indicated an index could be applied to some areas.

Council Member Price said she supported facilities related to Public Safety
and health and safety of the community. The others were also important,

                                      14                            4/30/2011
