                               MINUTES
planning horizon was 20 years, because projections beyond 20 years were
not accurate. He encouraged obtaining a site with expansion room. Internal
to the project was 5,785 square feet of growth.

Council Member Holman felt the idea of the building being fully occupied
when it opened was contradictory. She asked if space within the building
could be reconfigured to accommodate changing needs. Twenty years was
not a long life for a building.

Mr. Ross explained the planning horizon was 2032; however, the useful life
of the building was 75 years. This building did not have much unoccupied
space.    Drop-in workstations could become assigned duty stations for
officers. The building could absorb new sworn officers, because spaces were
adequately sized. The operational platform was designed for a long-term
use.

Council Member Holman noted the Council had moved to a 10 percent
contingency on some projects, and asked whether a 15 percent contingency
was necessary or recommended.

Mr. Ross explained the contingency amount was assigned by the City. He
felt it was better to carry a larger contingency amount, because of the high
level of the project.

Mr. Sartor reported Staff typically used 15 percent for design and
construction at the early stages of a project, but used 10 percent in the
construction contract.

Mr. Keene stated this was high level work to reduce the size of the building
and the cost. There would be trade-offs in moving to a sharper design.
Other factors would be the amount the City and the public could afford. The
Council should consider population growth and how it affected demand for
services.

Council Member Schmid was struck by the increased square footage, yet it
would be fully occupied when opened.

Mr. Keene indicated that was a testament to how bad the current situation
was.

Mayor Yeh stated one of the goals of the Retreat was to think holistically.
The IBRC identified two fire stations as an issue. Since the consultant's
work with the Blue Ribbon Task Force, the City had centralized command
under Chief Burns and begun a virtual dispatch consolidation. If the Council
                                                                      Page 10 of 21
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 6/13/12
