                               MINUTES
Council Member Espinosa indicated that the sharing of information with the
City’s entire labor force was very important and asked how the information
was shared.

Ms. Shen said they intended to create a communication plan that included
meetings with all employees. Human Resources (HR) Staff discussed an HR
forum for engagement on the issues.

Mr. Keene said they would distribute the information via the internet and
other internal vehicles. He acknowledged there was a lot of complicated
information and stated an effective dialogue was important. Communication
was part of the larger focus on employee culture and collaboration
throughout the organization as a whole.

Council Member Espinosa asked about the format and the content of the
November and December meetings.

Mr. Keene said that was partly up to the Council. Staff scheduled the
meetings in response to the Council’s request and would take any direction
the Council wanted, but it seemed that there was a survey discussion that
the Council needed to be involved in. He said Staff tried to compile the facts
and challenges to lay the groundwork for any other forum or approach the
Council deemed necessary.

Ms. Shen said HR Staff considered inviting pension and healthcare experts to
guide the discussions. They wanted Council direction regarding how to
involve members of the public and the employee groups.

Council Member Holman followed up on Council Member Espinosa’s question
regarding the format. She thought that evening was to be more of an
informal meeting or study session which involved more dialogue. She
agreed the Council needed the survey information and thought it was
important to communicate with Staff and engage them directly in the
process, but was not sure the appropriate way to do that.

Mr. Keene said a nighttime meeting would not be effective as many
employees commuted home in the evenings. If there was a real interest in
employees meeting with Council they needed to conduct daytime meetings.

Council Member Holman said it was time to have honest dialogue with the
community and Staff. She heard from some Staff that there was a general
feeling that the Council Members did not care about Staff that they only
cared about saving money. She stated that was not the case and Council
needed to engage with Staff and dissuade that perspective. Council had
                                                                        Page 10 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
