    Council Member Shepherd thought this intersection was a challenge to
    everybody because of traffic from Costco. She noted weeds had grown
    along the roadside, there was no landscaping, and the pavement crumbled
    at the end. She felt Mountain View had done a beautiful job of putting
    together their big-box stores at the end of Charleston Road. She thought it
    appropriate to make this intersection work so that people could move
    through the area quickly, easily and without complications. She felt this
    was the way to go for retail, but zoning would be required. She was glad
    P&TC was exploring the different concepts of FAR and hotel and other
    options for that area. She remarked that if businesses wanted to move into
    the area, they would be willing to pay. She asked if there was a famous
    building on Industrial Way where something was invented, so that it could
    be identified.

    Mr. Williams was not aware of anything on Industrial, just the Fairchild
    Building on Charleston.

    Council Member Burt stated it was a viability issue of whether retail would
    ever go in there. He noted some prospective incentives listed, but it
    seemed very difficult to have any estimation of what incentives were needed
    without understanding the market rate for the current buildings and for
    rebuilt buildings. He asked if discussions with commercial real estate
    brokers had indicated whether this was close to being attractive as a
    redevelopment without a redevelopment agency.

    Mr. Williams reported Staff had some discussions with commercial brokers
    and developers, and Staff felt exchanging the current buildings for a retail
    development was not likely to be a profitable venture. He indicated a mix of
    office space could make that worthwhile financially. He said a hotel was not
    discussed specifically.

    Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff's proposals would include that
    and create something with enough incentive to stir redevelopment.

    Mr. Williams stated it was Staff's intent to review a couple of mixes of uses
    within that overlay, and one of them would probably be a primary frontage
    of retail with office behind or above that or some combination of that.

    Council Member Burt noted the elimination of redevelopment agencies. He
    explained larger retail development occurring in many cities had been
    subsidized by redevelopment agencies, and that subsidy was going away.
    He thought that would come into play to some degree. He indicated new
    development was not occurring anywhere as a result of the absence of
    redevelopment agencies. He felt this was creating a level playing field for
    Palo Alto.
                                   21                  February 13, 2012 
 
