                                MINUTES

Council Member Holman answered to strike Number 1, and substitute
language that criteria would determine how grants were distributed.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change Number 1 in the Motion to: describe
the types of associations, groups or individuals that are eligible to apply for
the grant as well as the criteria for the grant disbursement.

Council Member Holman wanted the grant criteria to determine how grants
were distributed rather than identifying the groups, individuals, and
associations.

Ms. Stump explained Staff would define the types of groups in a functional,
general way to include all groups and individuals.

Council Member Shepherd indicated the Parks and Recreation Commission
was concerned with land use and not neighborhood issues.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to direct Staff to work with the Human Relations Commission
to develop the neighborhood grant proposal program.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Shepherd could not support the Motion as the Parks and
Recreation Commission did not have the purview for this matter.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Klein, Shepherd no

8.    Request for Council to Review Site Plan and Massing Concepts for 27
      University Avenue, to Direct Staff to Execute Letter of Intent with
      TheatreWorks, and to Authorize Staff to Prepare Advisory Ballot
      Measure Language for Council Consideration.

Council Member Klein advised he would not participate in this Item as his
wife was a faculty member of Stanford University. He left the meeting at
8:22 P.M.

Mayor Yeh advised he would not participate in this Item as his wife
graduated from Stanford University in the prior 12 months. He left the
meeting at 8:22 P.M.


                                                                          Page 6 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/24/12
