                               MINUTES
fiscal responsibilities and was obligated to the public to manage a sound
fiscal organization, but it did not behoove the City to have an unhappy
workforce.

Ms. Shen said City Staff was honored to engage with Council and know that
Council was concerned about their career paths, well-being, and
contributions to the City.

Council Member Holman stated that both employees and the Council needed
to believe the other party was working in good faith for the health of the
organization. She said the presentation was informative but noted she did
not see the terms relationship, relationship with the public, job performance,
job ownership, meaningful participation in problem solving and initiatives,
teamwork, and the responsibility of managers to manage such that
employees who were not good were evaluated as such. She said that
retaining employees that were not good greatly diminished morale. She
asked about the outreach they had with Staff regarding those topics.

Mr. Keene welcomed the kind of comments made by Council Member
Holman. He thought the terms were essentially included, but they only used
representative aspects for the sake of brevity. The discussion included the
changes in the benefits and pay of Staff, the public perception and opinion of
public employees, and issues in the City’s workforce. Those topics were
frequently discussed in many venues within the City. Earlier that day they
held a manager’s meeting and discussed the public perception of public
employees and motivation. He saw fostering conversations as part of Staff’s
responsibility and that Ms. Shen was formalizing and embedding that
process into the organization.

Ms. Shen had looked at the organization of the HR Department and how it
partnered with other departments. They were moving to a model where HR
professionals served the departments in small teams. Those teams became
embedded in the department’s business, understood the issues, and could
provide better advice and counsel to employees and managers. She said
that part of what Council Member Holman wanted was having HR spend
more time delivering those services than processing transactions. HR was
restructuring so that it could ensure managers and employees were the best
they could be. She had spent time with the Executive Leadership Team and
their direct reports discussing what development and learning needed to
occur. Most of it was around how to lead a team, provide actionable
feedback, and ensure productivity. She said HR’s comprehensive employee
development plan would include those items.


                                                                        Page 11 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
