Service Office at the address noted. He stated the Postal Service had a
representative present to take notes during the comment period, and those
comments would become part of the public record while they formulated
their decision.

Council Member Burt wished them luck in finding reasonably priced
commercial property in Downtown Palo Alto. He asked if they would
consider simply reducing the size of services at the present location.

Ms. Alvarado stated everything was under consideration at this point.

Council Member Burt asked specifically if that was something they were
presently considering or had already considered.

Ms. Alvarado indicated many developers had asked about the property and
asked if they would be willing to stay. She stated they would evaluate
everything. She repeated the disposition was handled in Washington, D.C.
and all decisions would be made there. She said they would put it all into
a formalized report and send it back to Washington, D.C.

Council Member Burt inquired how far along they were in looking at
alternatives, because it seemed that they would have a hard time in their
price range in Downtown Palo Alto. He asked why they wouldn’t want to
shrink the size and stay in that location.

Ms. Alvarado repeated it was not a local decision, but they would move it
forward. She thought it would be considered.

Council Member Burt asked if they would be making recommendations.

Ms. Alvarado replied absolutely.

Council Member      Burt   inquired   why   that   wouldn’t   be   their   first
recommendation.

Ms. Alvarado indicated it would be a recommendation.

Council Member Klein asked how the USPS covered that deficit, where did
the $5 billion come from.

Mr. Wigdell replied from sale of the Palo Alto Post Office and others like it
around the country. He explained the USPS had a $15 billion credit limit
with the Federal Government, and had been tapping into that, and were
very close to reaching the limit. He reported the Postmaster General had
stated, barring any Congressional changes, the USPS would be out of cash
by the middle or end of this year

                                      8                            02/21/2012
