                                 MINUTES
City Manager, James Keene noted Staff's report was focused on a timeline to
present a specific plan. The City was on the threshold of the potential to
achieve a carbon-neutral electric portfolio. The Council should consider the
potential factors for reaching this goal.

Utilities Advisory Commission Chair, Jon Foster stated the Staff Report
covered the UAC recommendations.

Mayor Yeh had the privilege of working as liaison to the Northern California
Power Agency.       There was a tremendous amount of forethought and
progressive thinking concerning an electric utility's actions to support
sustainability goals.       Consideration of a carbon-neutral portfolio
differentiated Palo Alto from sister utilities in the northern California region.
The Council had seen the community's willingness for early adoption of
different technologies through the Palo Alto Green Program, where people
chose to have 100 percent of energy from clean sources. As more people
adopted hybrid and electric vehicles, individuals were choosing to reduce the
largest emitter of greenhouse gases. The electric utility had to communicate
to ratepayers that it was a partner in the effort to move to cleaner
transportation to result in zero emissions. The Council's consideration of a
plan with minimal rate impacts highlighted the need for this possibility.

Council Member Price referenced regulatory uncertainty and Cap and Trade
work on page 6 of the Staff report, and asked what Staff anticipated
occurring in those areas.

Assistant Director, Jane Ratchye felt there would always be regulatory
uncertainty. Concerning the Cap and Trade Program, Staff had learned the
number of allowances the City would receive until 2020. New legislation or
new requirements at the State and Federal levels were always possible.
Staff's proposals would not put the City at a disadvantage. Staff would
review those issues as the plan developed and comment when those risks
could be better identified.

Utilities Director, Val Fong stated uncertainty existed over the amount of
hydroelectric generation the City would receive from facilities, because of
attempts to direct water to other purposes. Staff would work through a
transition if necessary and identify that to the Council.

Council Member Price inquired about other communities, either inside or
outside of California that had done this successfully.

Ms. Padilla reported Staff was reviewing other communities for their
definitions of carbon neutrality and had found a wide range of definitions.
                                                                          Page 14 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/21/12
