                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid asked about a Planning and Transportation
Commission meeting in August 2012 when two members asked about the
submittal of zoning change requests on currently owned properties, without
an explanation of why the change was being asked for. They requested
continuance until October to gain explanation. Unfortunately there were
technical difficulties with the October meeting and no minutes were
captured. He felt the conversation from that day would have an interesting
effect on the 27 University project. He requested Staff bring back a full
description of the discussion.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, said he
would work with his Staff to try to capture what they could.         The
microphones were not working in the room on the day of the meeting; so
much of the audio was not captured.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

10.   Request for Council to: (1) Review Revised Arts and Innovation (A&I)
      District Master Plan Concept (including 27 University), a Revised Letter
      of Intent with TheatreWorks, Preliminary Traffic Assessment, and Draft
      Timeline for Master Plan; and (2) Direct the City Attorney to Draft
      Ballot Measure Language for Council Consideration for the June
      election.

Council Member Klein recused himself from participation in Agenda Item
Number 10, because his wife is a member of the Stanford University faculty.

Mayor Yeh also recused himself from participation in Agenda Item Number
10, because his wife had been a student at Stanford University within the
prior 12 months.

Council Member Klein and Mayor Yeh left the meeting at 7:20 P.M.

James Keene, City Manager reported Staff was returning to the Council in a
public meeting as a follow-up to the Council meeting in September 2012.
Since September, there had been a series of public meetings with the
Architectural Review Board (ARB), Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC), and other Boards and Commissions. He suggested the Council did
not need to act at the current time on Staff's recommendations regarding
language for a ballot measure and the letter of intent with TheatreWorks.
The Council should listen to the public comments and discuss the plan and
the potential project. The location had special challenges. The land was
                                                                         Page 6 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/3/12
