                               MINUTES
seismic upgrades in the downtown area. However, they were 2,500 or
5,000 square feet buildings that did not require the parking that went along
with the square footage. He said that as Staff reported with the Lytton
Gateway project there was a development cap in the zoning code downtown
of 350,000 square feet of nonresidential space which was established in
1985 as part of the downtown study. That study also indicated that when
the City reached a total of 235,000 square feet that it should study the
appropriate total nonresidential square footage and the associated parking
issues. Staff reported during the Lytton Gateway project that the City was
at about 220,000 square feet and Staff knew there were one to two other
projects that would soon put the City beyond the 235,000 study threshold.
Staff wanted to start that analysis immediately regarding the potential and
how to better match the parking with the amount of development and the
exemptions that were allowed. He said that the zoning regulations in
general had parking ratios for office use that deserved to be reevaluated.
The City saw office occupancies that were considerably more than one
person per 250 square feet. The old model had not held up and it was
appropriate to reevaluate those ratios and how the City treated
nonconforming parking uses. Finally, Staff thought it was appropriate to look
at a downtown transportation demand management program. The City had
several downtown employers that did a good job and were on the cutting
edge. He thought Lytton Gateway was a building like that, but noted that
there were many others including smaller businesses that could not put
together their own programs. He thought it was incumbent on the City to
help coordinate that effort and provide opportunities for everyone to
participate in programs that would enhance transit use, bicycling, walking,
and bike shares. That was part of the program Staff intended to flesh out
over the next six months along with the parking garage study. Staff’s
recommendation to Council was to authorize Staff to proceed with the trial
program for three to six months. They wanted to run the program for three
months and then meet with the working group and report to the Council as
to how things were going and see if another three months would be
worthwhile or if there was a reason to immediately shift gears. Staff also
wanted input and direction related to the studies. If Council was ok with
Staff looking at the zoning issues then they wanted approval for that in
order to get started on that work.

Ray Dempsey spoke on behalf of residents that participated in the study
group. He said that the RPP was not the solution but a test case for a
broader solution. There were four issues that were brought up by the
residents with respect to the RPP: 1) private parking on a public street; 2)
size and length of time of the RPP; 3) forcing parking into adjacent areas;
and 4) cost and accessibility of permits. With regard to the private parking
on a public street the United States Supreme Court ruled in Arlington vs.
                                                                       Page 10 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
