    Ronald McDonald House expansion should add between 65 and 70 rooms.
    She stated the House expansion planned for 68 rooms.

    Council Member Espinosa referenced correspondence from a member of the
    public raising concerns about the process and the California Environmental
    Quality Act (CEQA). He asked for the City Attorney's feedback on the
    appropriateness of tonight's discussion.

    City Attorney, Molly Stump stated the process was appropriate in that the
    Council could initiate. It was one of the ways that these types of projects
    could move forward under City Ordinances. She stated CEQA would flow
    from the Council's decision.      She had reviewed the comment and
    understood the commenter's perspective, but did not believe there was a
    problem.

    Council Member Espinosa expressed concerns with families crossing San
    Antonio to reach the mall and hospital. He asked if there had been
    discussions, among Staff or with the applicant, regarding crossing
    improvements, especially for people with disabilities, at the previous and
    proposed sites. He knew the City was trying out new technology for
    accessibility at crossings.

    Mr. Williams reported Staff was aware of those issues at those intersections
    and had alerted the Transportation Department, but had not studied that.
    He indicated they would study it as part of the circulation network with the
    project as it moved forward.

    Public Hearing opened at 10:22 P.M.

    Kate Yablonskly stated she was a social worker for the bone marrow
    transplant team at Lucille Packard Children's Hospital, and was present to
    offer her wholehearted support for the proposed expansion of the Ronald
    McDonald House. She hoped to convey the urgency and desperation of the
    need for more capacity at the Ronald McDonald House. She noted Lucille
    Packard Children's Hospital funds provided to assist families with the cost of
    hotels was quickly dwindling as it was close to the end of the month. Even
    with the discounts, the cost of local hotels was prohibitively expensive for
    more than one or two nights. She indicated she had been at Packard for
    over four years, and Ronald McDonald House had always been a scarce and
    precious resource.

    Gloria Ramos introduced herself and her daughter, Ariana Ramos, who was
    13 years old and had undergone a kidney transplant. She stated they were
    currently staying at the Ronald McDonald House, and had tried to stay at
    the Ronald McDonald House while locating a donor; however, the Ronald
                                    42                  February 13, 2012 
 
