                               MINUTES
until the appeal is filed, in the interest of protecting the public. Also, he
wanted to create allies at the city and state levels; he hoped that the City
Attorney would respond to this soft appeal.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to: 1) approve the letter to ABAG, and 2) for Staff to work with neighboring
cities and state legislators to obtain allies to change the RHNA process.

Council Member Klein said the letter should not only address neighboring
jurisdictions, but also the State Legislatures. These issues had a flawed
process and it was difficult to accomplish anything.

Vice Mayor Scharff agreed that the process was flawed and it would be
interesting to see what the process was from ABAG (Association of Bay Area
Governments).

Council Member Price asked Mr. Williams about the process used by other
counties and the way allocations were managed. In San Mateo County, the
overall number was given at the County level, and the decisions were made
overall, by the cities within the County. This letter was not addressing the
process, as much as it was addressing the data.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment stated
that this was addressing the numbers that we have now. Any process
changes would take place over the course of the next housing cycle. He
wanted to remind Council that the San Mateo County process resulted in the
same number from ABAG.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated that she wanted to respond to some
comments from the last Council meeting about different types of appeals;
she says there was only one type of appeal.

Council Member Klein asked Mr. Williams to explain the ABAG process.

Mr. Williams stated ABAG’s letter indicated that the headline for revision or
appeal was to be clarified with them and it was a two stage process. One
was to allow cities to make comments and requests for revisions. The
second was that ABAG had 60 days to respond; following that, there was
another 60 days for cities to file appeals.

Council Member Schmid asked if Palo Alto had to respond by the end of the
year.


                                                                        Page 7 of 10
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/10/12
