                      DRAFT MINUTES
was necessary because they had knowledge of the history of the
site and area and felt that was not necessary. The Transportation
Division looked at the circulation issues and traffic issues and did
not require a traffic study given the volume of traffic that would
be generated. They did look at the circulation interior and
ensured parking and circulation was adequate to prevent backups
onto Bayshore Road or conflicts with the neighboring property.

Council Member Burt asked Mr. Williams to speak to the power
line adjacency and the airport.

Mr. Williams said the airport was not within the primary zones
where there was concern. He assumed the power lines were
included in the review that the Department of Social Services
would do. He said that they did not analyze that separately, but
that Mustard Seed was currently next to high voltage power lines
on the other side of the freeway. He said the City did not have
process or standards for review of that. There were not specific
techniques or impacts associated which the City relied on for that
kind of review. The primary impact CEQA had the City review
was whether the site use impacted something off site as opposed
to the reverse. He thought the State would look at it with respect
to the licensing, but Staff did not look at it.

Council Member Shepherd said she saw there was parking along
the side wall. There was an easement for cars to swing in and
out. She asked if there was a concern about there being an
elimination of the easement. She was confused because there
was a little bit of merged parking. There was a merged entrance
and then between the buildings it was narrow. There was parking
for daycare, but maybe not for the office building next door. She
asked if the office building was properly parked or if the two sites
shared spaces.

Mr. Williams said he understood that they did not share the
spaces alongside the building. Those spaces were specifically for
the daycare and in this case primarily used by the daycare staff.
                                                                   Page 29 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
