                                 MINUTES
Staff Report provided summaries of the Resolutions and recommended City
positions, and League analysis of the Resolutions. Staff recommended
supporting Resolutions 1, 2, and 5 and taking no positions or could oppose
Resolutions 3 and 4.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to accept
Staff recommendation to support Resolution Nos. 1, 2, and 5 and to oppose
Resolution Nos. 3 and 4.

Vice Mayor Scharff believed Staff was correct in their analysis, with the
exception of recommending no position on Resolution 4. The City was a
leader on sustainability, and the City should support AB 32.

Mayor Yeh agreed with Vice Mayor Scharff's comments. This was in direct
opposition to the City of Needles. Under AB 32, the City's Electric Utility was
an active participant in the auction of emission certificates. Relying on the
Federal Government to create a comprehensive program was not consistent
with California's role in leading environmental causes.

Council Member Burt supported opposing Resolution Number 4. Resolution
Number 3 was different however. Advocates of AB 32 opposed the Desert
Protection Act, because it restricted availability of prime land for solar sites.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to take no position on Resolution No. 3 and to
oppose Resolution No. 4.

MOTION PASSED AS AMENDED: 8-0 Espinosa absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price reported that on August 2, the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority Board of Directors approved the allocation of $2.5
million for several projects including the California Avenue Transit Hub
project. On August 25 she attended the 50th birthday celebration of the
Stanford Linear Accelerator Center. She asked if the upcoming September
18th meeting regarding employee benefits was also going to serve as a
presentation to the community regarding the broader issue of benefits and
compensation.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, stated that the meeting would be an initial
review by Staff of the broad issues and would be requesting guidance from
the Council on how to proceed.


                                                                          Page 35 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/4/12
