                                MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez said the funding that they planned to receive from the VTA
had a two year time restriction. If they initiated a trial and then determined
that they did not want to move forward with the project they would likely
have to give up the funding.

Council Member Shepherd said there was concern about the fact that Council
was never presented a four lane option. She understood that they were
given the option to accept the grant knowing that if they accepted it then
they would look at a two lane option. She said that she wanted to
understand that process better.

Mr. Williams said that was correct. There was no design for a four lane
option because the grant was for a two lane option and Council could have
voted no if they had not wanted to move forward.

Council Member Shepherd complimented the improvements and noted that
she rode her bicycle through the plaza weekly.        There currently was
confusion as to where bicyclists were supposed to ride their bike and where
they needed to get down. She said many people did not like to get off their
bikes. She said was pleased to see the extra work that went into the plaza
and tunnel. She confirmed that if they were to move the sidewalks in and
do those improvements that money was coming from the VRF and was new
to the City and not currently dedicated to anything.

Mr. Rodriguez said the use of the VRF was for general street improvements
of the project. Staff was not specifically saying that they were for a sidewalk
only; they were just providing an amount toward the overall cost of the
project.

Council Member Shepherd confirmed that if the project was not implemented
they would have to start over and complete a four lane design which would
have to be cycled through the Capital Improvement Budget. She was not
sure when there would be funds available in the Capital Improvement
Budget because it was already stressed with the projects recommended by
the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC). There were hundreds of
millions of dollars’ worth of infrastructure projects. She heard from the
merchants that the priority was bicycles. The way she understood it was
that it was getting the bicycle community to sign off on whether the design
was safer for them. She understood that if the City did a trial the parking
would have to be restriped at a different angle and asked if that angle would
narrow the street to where they could not accommodate four lanes.

Mr. Rodriguez said that was correct. The majority of California Avenue was
63 degree parking with the exception of the block between El Camino Real
                                                                         Page 37 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
