Council Member Holman wanted to know when the concepts were presented.

Mr. Williams stated the initial ARB review was in August 2011. He guessed it
was four months since the concepts were presented.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to uphold the Director of Planning & Community Environment’s
decision to approve the Architectural Review application for 20 wireless
communication facility (WCF) installations, based upon the findings and
conditions of approval described in the Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Price thought approving the application and the process
would provide enhanced technology and wireless capacity. She stated
approval would better serve the residents, businesses, and emergency
services. She believed the locations, design and operations issues were
sufficient. She supported upgrading of the wireless network. She believed
communication and data needs were significant and felt improvements
would support the economic development strategies.

Council Member Shepherd felt this issue needed to be brought before the
Council. She thought it was critical to keep residents without land lines
connected to emergency services, family and businesses.         She stated
completing coverage in Palo Alto was important to her as a Council Member.
She hoped schools would also have better coverage. She had reviewed the
prototype for the antenna, was surprised by its minimal appearance, and felt
it would blend into the current utility structure.

Council Member Klein agreed with the comments of Council Member Price
and Council Member Shepherd. He also agreed with Ms. Rantz's comments
regarding limited authority. He was not in favor of a lawsuit as one speaker
stated. He did not feel the Council should waste taxpayer funds on a lawsuit
the City was sure to lose. He agreed with the comment that the public did
not notice telephone poles, particularly above eye level. He thought this
proposal would not detract from the Community or cause the Community to
be less desirable. He questioned the 1880 Park Boulevard location and
favored excluding that site from the Motion. He also suggested Staff and
ARB consider the merits of 1880 Park versus 1920 Park as the applicant
would consider either site.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to exclude 1880 Park Boulevard and direct Staff
and Architectural Review Board to consider 1920 Park Boulevard instead.


                                 26                   January 23, 2012
 
