Ms. Sumida-Riker agreed with Mr. Maltzman's comments.           She again
questioned AT&T's choice of pole locations based on aesthetics rather than
safety.

Mr. Albritton thanked the Council for its time and efforts. He felt the plan
was comprehensive. He stated the weight of the batteries was 300 pounds,
the weight of the box was approximately 50 pounds, for a total of 350
pounds. He said AT&T used only lead acid batteries on its poles. He
reiterated Staff's recommendation of no battery backup and ARB's
recommendation of a battery backup.            He corrected the Staff Report
regarding the antenna height above power lines. He noted AT&T agreed to
plant trees where antennas could not be placed adjacent to trees. He
explained the variation of color in the photos. He stated AT&T had been
trying to improve its service in Palo Alto for seven years. He indicated AT&T
would defer to Staff in locating an antenna at either 1880 Park or 1920 Park.

Public Hearing closed at 10:15 P.M.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council had the prerogative to require
batteries and place constraints on the box size.

Mr. Williams thought that, within reasonable cost parameters, the Council
could require the smallest battery installation possible. He indicated the
consulting firm could help the Council with those issues.

Mr. Larkin stated the Council could require the applicant to use best
practices as long as the Council did not create a barrier to entry into the
market.

Council Member Burt asked if there two aspects to best practices: 1) the
most compact battery; and 2) Council requirement of a battery system.

Mr. Larkin thought AT&T stated it would provide the batteries.

Council Member Burt indicated AT&T stated it would provide the batteries if
the technology was not cost prohibitive. He questioned if the Council could
require a battery system even though AT&T felt it was cost prohibitive.

Mr. Larkin felt the Council could require AT&T to maintain batteries provided
they were not cost prohibitive.

Council Member Burt asked whether AT&T could refuse to install batteries on
new poles if the Council required new technology batteries.
                                  22                   January 23, 2012
 
