Mr. Simpkinson stated both agencies performed annual inspections. The
County's annual inspection concerned hazardous waste and changes to the
risk management plan. The Fire Department would need to confer with the
County's representatives in terms of their standard practice for specifically
addressing ongoing Title XIX compliance. He believed the County inspector
verified that conditions remained the same each year, but did not
comprehensively revisit the risk management plan.

Council Member Schmid asked if either agency could report CPI as being
non-compliant with Title XIX thresholds.

Mr. Simpkinson responded yes. The facility was required to maintain a
hazardous materials management plan, and that needed to be updated
within 30 days of any significant change of quantities of hazardous materials
onsite. The Fire Department had received that documentation and provided
that information to the State's environmental reporting system.

Council Member Schmid stated that became important in the future.

Mr. Simpkinson stated CPI had officially committed to being at levels below
the thresholds.

Council Member Schmid inquired if Title XIX requirements were based on
emission standards that were no longer state of the art.

Mr. Mahar was not familiar with the details of how the EPA made regulations
or tests or studies performed. The Title XIX parallel was to look at lower
threshold quantities and less dilute amounts of material, so it had a broader
range of encompassing facilities that may be closer to the community.
California had some special circumstances in terms of dealing with
residential areas being located close to industry.        The concentrations
considered harmful for nitric acid that were applied as part of Title XIX, were
consistent with emergency response planning guidelines. EPA had less
stringent thresholds for quantities, and nitric acid quantities were lower for
California.

Council Member Schmid assumed there was a connection between EPA
standards and the various states.

Mr. Mahar stated most of the Title XIX danger thresholds were consistent
with EPA requirements. EPA reviewed chronic worker exposure and other
things that were not necessarily associated with the community.

Council Member Burt asked for the history of rebuilding the plate shop prior
to 1986.


                                      18                          04/23/2012
