sources of $747 million and a total gap of $306 million.    He asked if that
made sense in terms of the IBRC view.

Council Member Burt asked for an explanation of how the difference between
new and replacement tied into backlog.

Mr. Perez explained Staff had presented it to the Council in the Capital
Program by lumping everything into backlog. He said in the Capital Budget
document, page 275, Staff provided the 20-year capital view, which the total
needs were $300 million; in page 276, Staff identified Infrastructure future
needs – backlog. He indicated many of those major projects were included
in the new and replacement projects in the IBRC Report. He suggested
comparing page 276 of the Capital Budget to page 9 of the IBRC Report for
the new and replacements to see the similarities of the projects.

Council Member Burt inquired if it was most correct to include the new and
replacement as part of backlog. He indicated one item which had been
clarified was the $500 million, which was actually $300 million and it could
be refined. He noted $95 million was catch-up and keep-up. He asked if
keep-up was a backlog at present or was that a future deficit.

Mr. Perez deferred the questions to Mr. Bobel.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director Pubic Works explained they needed a definition
of catch-up and keep-up. He said this was a new way of talking; the old
way of talking was backlog, which implied there was something overdue. He
noted the IBRC didn't use the word backlog; IBRC used catch-up and that
was their way of conveying something that was overdue. He confirmed
Council Member Burt was asking if new and replacement was part of keep-
up or part of catch-up. He thought most IBRC members would say it was
more like catch-up, it was overdue. He reported it was not placed in a
backlog bucket, but was placed in its own bucket of new and replacement.
There was a catch-up bucket, and the keep-up bucket was items not
overdue but really needed to be done in some future year.

Council Member Burt asked if keep-up was not part of backlog.

Mr. Bobel stated he wouldn't put keep-up in backlog if they were redefining
it today.

Council Member Burt stated it would become backlog if it wasn't addressed.

Mr. Bobel agreed.
                                  39                   January 21, 2012 
 
