                                MINUTES
that approximately 10 acres could be used for athletic fields and recreation
apart from golf. Option G reconfigured roughly 15 holes. He showed how
the costs compared between the options. Option A was approximately $3.5
million, Option D was $4.1 million, Option F was $5.8 million, and then
Option G was just over $7 million. The Finance Committee made a series of
comments and directions, one of which was rebuilding all of the golf holes so
that they would all be new and equal. It was also suggested that the
practice greens should be built along with the new greens. There was a
small area of turf that could have been preserved in Option G and they were
asked to explore replacing all of the turf so it all was self-tolerant grass of
the same variety. He stated the last thing was to replace the on course
restroom building which was in disrepair and move it to its new location. He
said that lead to the refined plan for Option G, which was a design developed
plan that took into account the Finance Committee directions. He said
Option G reduced turf by roughly 43 acres, the net acreage of the golf
course would be just about 90 acres in managed turf whereas the golf
course was currently somewhere over 135 acres. The probable cost for
Option G was $7.5 million. He said that in the northwest corner of the
property they would create a very large baylands wetlands habitat with an
island green. The eighteenth hole had a new clubhouse. He showed the
objectives for the facilities. The most pressing objective was to make the
facilities inviting to non-golfers and bring other members of the community
into the golf facility to generate more revenue. He discussed the site of the
clubhouse and said they looked at improving the entry, the signage,
enhancing the parking, integrating landscape, improving customer arrival,
allowing vehicles to exit onto Embarcadero to avoid congestion at the main
entrance, integrating trails to the golf course to encourage the public to
come in along Embarcadero. They looked at the heritage of the clubhouse
and said that the clubhouse had previously been featured in the NGF’s book
“Great Clubhouses.” He reviewed the long range conceptual plan for the
clubhouse and its outdoor additions. It had expanded areas and a new
façade and surfaces. The cart storage facility and the range performance
center would have the state of the art video and digital facilities.

Mr. De Geus said the NGF did a significant report on the different options.
He thought that was very helpful in considering what the right path was.
Regarding Option G they assumed in their 10 year pro formas that rounds
would rebound from 68,000 rounds annually to 76,000 rounds. They
assumed that the terms of the cost of the contracts for maintenance and
management would remain relatively the same, with a slight increase in
maintenance and that there was a new 20 year debt of $4.5 million at 4.5
percent. The Finance Committee recommended Option G. Staff asked the
NGF to re-examine the numbers with some sensitivity analysis. They asked
what it would look like if the rounds did not rebound and if the market did
                                                                         Page 10 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
