                                MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Klein expressed concerns regarding the Council meeting
running late and the public attendance for the 101 Alma Project. He asked
that the Council complete the Study Session no later than 9:00 p.m.

Mayor Yeh suggested limiting the Study Session to one hour. The VTA
would attend the meeting in three weeks when this was an Action Item, and
the Council would have time for further discussion then.

STUDY SESSION


7.    Update and Council Input Regarding the Status of the Valley
      Transportation Authority - Bus Rapid Transit Project.

City Council participated in a Study Session to discuss design concepts for
the operation of Bus Rapid Transit through Palo Alto along El Camino Real as
part of a proposed Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority project
(VTA). City staff presented two alignment concepts being pursued by the
VTA that have buses that operate either: 1) in dedicated lanes down the
center of El Camino Real, or 2) in mixed-flow operations along the existing
curb lanes of the street. The dedicated lane option requires a conversion of
one vehicle travel lane of El Camino Real, per approach, to a bus only use.
 City staff highlighted environmental factors that require further analysis by
the VTA of each option including intersection level of service, corridor level
of service of adjacent arterial and residential streets, parking, and left turn
access needs. The City Council highlighted areas of concern that require
further clarification by the VTA when they return to the City Council for
endorsement of their mixed-flow operation preference. The project also
includes more frequent, branded buses with executive-style seating and
enhanced stations with ticketing facilities and shelter systems.

Herb Borock believed this was a bad idea. A third option was no project.
There was no rush to make a decision, because VTA would not make a
decision until September. VTA's current customers were mainly people
without alternative transportation.     Caltrain electrification was another
option. He did not think there was enough population to use both the
upgraded Caltrain and these buses, especially throughout the day. Bus
stops were currently located after the bus crossed the intersection of
Charleston and Arastradero; therefore, there was not a problem with
interference with right-turn lanes. A mixed-use bus lane would interfere
with traffic making right turns onto and off El Camino Real. The current 522
bus could use any lane. This situation would be worse. He felt the travel
                                                                          Page 3 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/14/12
