found elsewhere.    He felt Staff could work on that and keep the internal
connection.

Council Member Burt        asked   the   Mayor's   permission   for    applicant's
representative to speak.

Mr. Baer indicated car lifts were treated as tandem parking, and could be
managed by employees. He thought those parking spaces could be replaced
easily with a couple of lifts, if the City allowed it.

Mr. Tze reported he had spoken with the owners of the Shell gas station, and
they had been aware of the closure for quite a while. He indicated they had
considered adjoining driveways, but the Shell owners did not feel there was
an issue from their standpoint. He stated the beading center was opposed to
keeping the rear driveway open.

Council Member Burt said the Shell station owners were worried about their
own circulation issues, while the City had a public issue. He noted there was
not much dead space on the parcel according to the drawing, and felt only
one small area could accommodate parking spaces. He asked if that area
could be used for parking spaces if the rear exit from the Shell were retained.

Mr. Williams responded yes, and noted some parking spaces already dead-
ended into that. He believed they could find a couple more spaces.

Council Member Burt wanted to ensure those parking spaces could be placed
elsewhere in the Project, if the Council supported retaining the rear
entrance/exit to the Shell station.

Council Member Holman suggested discussion move to public comment.

Mayor Yeh indicated the Council's practice was to limit speakers to 2 minutes
once a certain number of speaker cards were received. He noted additional
comments could be submitted to the City Clerk to become part of the public
record.

Council Member Klein inquired if the Council would discuss the final Item on
the Agenda.

Mayor Yeh noted one Item remained. He asked if Colleagues were interested
in keeping that Item on the Agenda.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested making that decision at the conclusion of the
current Item.

Council Member Klein indicated there would be some discussion.

                                            27                        03/19/2012
