by the Finance Committee to include an additional $2.2 million in the annual
Budget for the maintenance and upkeep of City infrastructure to prevent
future backlogs (the keep-up recommendation from the Infrastructure Blue
Ribbon Commission (IBRC)). This Budget proposed reductions in Public
Safety spending. As the largest portion of the City's General Fund Budget
and an area that had been largely insulated from cuts over the prior three
years, this Budget included short-term and long-term proposals for cuts in
Public Safety spending with generally minimal impacts on service levels.
Successful City negotiations resulted in the elimination of the citywide
minimum staffing requirements in the Fire contract.           A more flexible
operational structure was proposed this year to enhance paramedic services,
a service that was in high demand by the community. The Medical Services
Utilization Study, completed this year, recommended an increase in the
City's paramedic services. To address this recommendation, the proposal
was to shift Staff from one fire response vehicle to the City's paramedic
operations. Removal of a fire response vehicle from service resulted in $1.1
million of savings, which was offset by a $500,000 increase for paramedic
services. The total General Fund expense savings from this shift in Fire staff
was $600,000 a year. Based on U.S. Department of Energy cutbacks, the
Stanford National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC) fire station was scheduled
for closure in May 2012. This action would result in the elimination of nine
fire positions and an expense reduction of $1.4 million, of which 30.3
percent or $422,000 was reimbursed by Stanford. The City was in the
process of renegotiating the Stanford fire services contract and, as a result,
the final savings to the City from SLAC's closing had not been reconciled.
Other important expense reductions in the General Fund included first,
redeployment of six police officers, now in traffic operations, to field patrol
and holding one police captain position vacant. These redeployed positions
would be kept vacant in FY 2013 for a savings of $1.3 million. This freeze
was proposed for FY 2013 only at this time, with exploration of alternate
shift and programming approaches in the Police Department as part of this
recommendation. Secondly, this Budget included a proposal to contract
animal services to an outside agency. This would eliminate 13 City positions
and potentially result in approximately $500,000 in service operating costs.
The loss of Mountain View to another contract resulted in nearly $1 million in
net operating costs to the City's General Fund. By contracting this service,
the City not only saved money, but also avoided significant capital costs that
would be needed to improve the animal services center facility and explore
site reuse that could have positive revenue implications for the City. In the
Planning Department, the Budget included a proposal to eliminate two
positions and freeze another, saving $394,000. In the Library Department,
the 2013 Budget included freezing five library positions while the renovation
of the Main Library was undertaken, for a savings of $336,000 in FY 2013.
Those would ultimately be reestablished. After the budget cycle concluded,
Staff would deliver to the Council the findings of a Cost of Service Study that
had been performed over the past year. Staff anticipated the Study would

                                      5                             4/30/2011
