too important to be lost in the infrastructure decision, and should be handled
separately with care, thought and public input.

Rachel Samoff stated she operated the children's preschool center, which
could not survive without Cubberley.         She was pleased to note the
thoughtful and thorough public discussion planned for Cubberley. She
stated Cubberley was a complicated issue with major implications for the
School District, organizations like hers, and the Community in general. She
felt Cubberley was a valuable resource.

Jean Wilcox stated the gentleman who headed the IBRC was also on the
Blue Ribbon Committee for the new Public Safety Building six years ago;
therefore, she was not surprised by his recommendation of a new Public
Safety Building. She reminded the Council of a prior Council's promise to
have all utility wires undergrounded. She indicated undergrounding utilities
did not make the infrastructure list. She asked when the utilities would be
undergrounded in south Palo Alto to the same level as in north Palo Alto.
She said a new Public Safety Building, fire houses, animal shelter and
municipal yard were taxpayer-funded building perquisites for the
administration. She asked when the Council would use the residents' tax
dollars and utility fees to do something for the homeowners of Palo Alto.
She indicated the taxpayers of Palo Alto want undergrounding at the top of
the infrastructure list.

Penny Ellson thanked Mayor Yeh for his memo noting the Council's
responsibility to review and consider the IBRC Report recommendations
along with other considerations and policy objectives. She hoped that the
Council would table the IBRC Cubberley recommendation until the City,
School District and Community could complete the planning process. She
felt important information regarding future use of the site would be gained
during the planning process. She thought it was premature to terminate the
Cubberley leasing covenant prior to a plan for the site's future had been
identified. She stated Cubberley was the only community center in South
Palo Alto to which children could walk or bike from school.

Lanie Wheeler asked the Council to defer any discussion or decision
regarding the Cubberley lease and covenant not to develop until there were
opportunities for community discussion. She stated Cubberley was much
more than a money pit or a source of funds; it was a quality of life issue.
She felt the IBRC Report assumed the School District had more funds than it
actually did. She indicated there could be Community members who would
work diligently to prevent the Council from using the utility users tax in ways
other than those promised at its inception. She felt the Community needed
to discuss and understand changes over the last 30 years and what needed
to change for the next 20 years. She asked that the City not proceed with
the Cubberley recommendation.

                                      14                          01/17/2012
