                               MINUTES
City as well as to the community. The project needed an analysis of parking
and how it fit into Downtown parking studies. He expressed concern that
the proposed park land contained pathways, trails, and parking exits and
entrances.

Council Member Espinosa believed the opportunities for transit and
TheatreWorks were significant. He was excited by the opportunity for a
connection between Downtown and Stanford University. He asked Staff to
discuss long-term planning for rail connectivity needs.

Mr. Emslie reported the Master Plan reflected consultation with all transit
agencies and addressed the long-term growth potential in the area. High
Speed Rail (HSR) had not indicated a conflict with the Master Plan. Phase II
of the Master Plan included 30-50 years of capacity.

Council Member Espinosa inquired whether a traffic study would include
potential parking impacts within the neighborhood.

Mr. Emslie understood a parking study had been initiated for Downtown.
Any parking impacts of this project would benefit from information being
collected in the Downtown parking study.

Council Member Espinosa asked if Staff had discussed leveraging the gift to
rally gifts for other project needs.

Mr. Emslie stated that conversation had not occurred. Staff could consider a
way to leverage the gift and report to the Council.

Council Member Espinosa agreed with further study of footprint versus
height. If the MacArthur Park Restaurant building remained on the site, an
arts district could create an opportunity for connectivity. He asked Staff to
comment on possible timelines for Board and Commission review, a traffic
study, neighborhood and community outreach, discussion of the height limit
with P&TC and ARB, and revision of the Letter of Intent with TheatreWorks.

Mr. Emslie suggested Staff needed time to consider a timeline and to
prepare a discussion item for the Council in October or November 2012. He
believed Staff could provide draft ballot language along with a report on
actions already taken and to be taken.

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to direct Staff to: 1) return to Council no later than the second
meeting in November with a) a plan for Boards and Commissions review of
proposal, b) a plan for a traffic study, c) a plan for neighborhood and
                                                                       Page 20 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/24/12
