    and mixed use; mixed use generally being office and retail and services as
    opposed to residential. Staff would do this through an overlay zoning that
    would allow the existing uses to remain there, but would also provide the
    flexibility to allow the commercial development to overtake those uses.
    Given the history of this area as an industrial area, Staff would continue to
    prohibit incompatible uses such as schools and daycare facilities.         He
    indicated the third area was along Charleston Road between Fabian and San
    Antonio, including the corners next to the Campus for Jewish Life property
    and the area across the street from the Campus for Jewish Life. He
    explained given the small nature and relatively confined spaces of these
    properties, Staff and the Commission recommended retaining the existing
    zoning designations on these parcels while encouraging the retention,
    rehabilitation and reuse of the historic Fairchild Building.       Staff had
    recognized the Fairchild Building as a resource that needed attention;
    therefore, the existing Land Use Zoning Regulations would be retained and
    would include a Comprehensive Plan Policy regarding the Fairchild Building.
    Staff would be working with the property owner to get that officially
    designated on the City's inventory as it was already designated on the State
    of California Register of Historic Places. With regard to the pedestrian
    bicycle improvements, Staff had noted the bike path crossed Highway 101
    to provide access to the Baylands, to bike paths along Barron Creek and
    Adobe Creek, and to bike paths in the north off West Bayshore. Staff
    thought linking the bike paths would provide a significant opportunity for
    connections to neighborhoods, businesses, Greer Park, schools, other parks
    and the Baylands. He reported Staff would pursue funding strategies, and
    would work with the Water District to obtain easements necessary for
    construction of bikeways consistent with the Pedestrian and Bike Plan.
    Under next steps in the process, he indicated the California Avenue Plan was
    also under development and would be presented to the Council in the
    spring. Staff expected to present in the summer or fall an entire package of
    a draft Comprehensive Plan. With the Council's direction to move forward,
    Staff would then undergo the environmental analysis of the Comprehensive
    Plan, including some of the specifics of this Area Plan. He anticipated
    returning to the Council in the spring of 2013 for final adoption of the Area
    Plans and the overall Comprehensive Plan. He reported the City would need
    zoning ordinances and design guidelines to implement some of the features
    shown in the Plan.

    Mayor Yeh asked Commissioner Garber to share the P&TC's review of this
    plan.

    Dan Garber, Planning and Commission Transportation Commissioner, asked
    to delay his presentation to after the public hearing.



                                    6                  February 13, 2012 
 
