                                 MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired if the City's gifts were the theater, the
intermodal transit center, and use of the MacArthur Park Restaurant
building.

Mr. Emslie answered yes. Those were the major gifts for the City.

Council Member Burt asked whether the Council would have an opportunity
to reaffirm in principle the 50-foot height limit in parallel with consideration
of this project.

Mr. Emslie answered yes. Staff could determine a method for the Council to
engage in that discussion.

Council Member Burt asked if approximately one third of the top floor would
house office space, one third would contain mechanical operations, and the
remaining one third would be open space.

Mr. Garber answered yes. The center portion, which was open space,
represented approximately 15 percent of the total area.

Council Member Burt noted the drawings did not show a continuous bike
path across Quarry Road toward the train station.

Mr. Fukuji explained the team looked at bike connectivity from El Camino
Park along the Caltrain line to connect to Downtown.

Council Member Burt wanted to focus on the south bike path.

Mr. Fukuji would review that concern.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the discussion had not included the retail space, and
asked for plans concerning the retail space.

Mr. Garber stated the goal was to bring the district to life with street activity.
He impressed on the applicant the necessity of this goal.

Mr. Fukuji indicated the applicant supported the concept of active, ground-
floor retail uses.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if consultants had met with retailers to ensure
the retail space would be useful and modern.

Mr. Garber explained the project needed enough square footage to create
venues for people to gather, and that could happen in this project. The
                                                                           Page 14 of 26
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 9/24/12
