integrity would be monitored by a qualified historic preservation architect per
the EIR. The shopping center's sign would also be maintained and updated.
Mr. Charlie Duncan of Kerry and Company, the City's environmental
consultants Nora Monnett and Judy Finerty of David J. Powers Associates, and
Rick Jarvis the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) consulting
attorney, were present. She indicated at places were emails from three Palo
Alto residents and one East Palo Alto resident representing West Bayshore
Road residents. The City's Pedestrian and Bicycle Master Plan would include
bike and pedestrian improvement plans, as described in the PTC hearing.
Chief Transportation Official Jaime Rodriguez and the Project traffic consultant
Gary Black of Hexagon were present to answer traffic questions and address
resident concerns about pedestrian safety along West Bayshore Road. Senior
Planner, Elena Lee, the Project planner, Martin Bernstein of HRB, Susan
Fineberg of the PTC and Judith Wasserman of the ARB had presentations.

Susan Fineberg, Planning & Transportation Commission Vice Chair, reported
on February 29th the PTC reviewed the proposed Project at the Edgewood
Shopping Center, and voted to certify the FEIR including the first amendment
to the FEIR. She noted she and Commissioner Keller voted no on the
adequacy of the FEIR, and Commissioner Tanaka was absent. She stated the
PTC voted to adopt the Planned Community (PC) Ordinance and the tentative
map to subdivide the parcels. She indicated findings for the Resolution
certifying the FEIR and amendments to the final draft EIR were located in the
Packet at Attachment A; findings for the PC Ordinance in the Packet were
located on page 435, Attachment B; and the list of public benefits was located
on page 438 and the tentative map on page 439. The majority of the PTC
supported the overall Project including the construction of the ten homes.
She stated the PTC discussion on February 29 began with a discussion about
the late release of the amendment to the FEIR, and whether or not the
Commission and the public had adequate time to review and comment before
the public hearing. Members of the public spoke in favor of the Project, and
some asked questions or voiced concerns which triggered subsequent
discussion by the PTC. She indicated that discussion raised concerns about
conducting an analysis of the traffic impacts, about provisions for the
adequate parking of the adjacent office building, about air quality, about
bike/pedestrian safety, and about the adequacy of the environmental review,
though the PTC did not discuss that the draft EIR would also be amended.
She reported at the previous PTC meeting on the draft EIR on October 26,
2011, comments and concerns were related to the historic impacts, parking at
the office building, size of residences, arrangements and circulation patterns
between the residences and the commercial buildings, traffic and bicycle and
pedestrian safety.

Judith Wasserman, Architectural Review Board Vice Chair, reported the ARB
had reviewed this Project three times, although it had been through many
changes and iterations prior to ARB review. It was a very important project in

                                            15                     03/19/2012
