                       DRAFT MINUTES
was concerned with was “find,” he thought “explore” solutions
was better. He said that “find” stated a requirement which could
be used as a tool if neighbors returned with concerns.

Council Member Shepherd wanted to associate her comments
with Council Member Klein. She wanted to know how it could be
enforceable, how the City could get involved and craft solutions
when the two working buildings should be able to figure out the
problem and make their own accommodations. She understood
that families were desperate for childcare and afterschool care.
She said making those types of considerations between neighbors
was in her opinion the best avenue for them to work the
difficulties through if there were difficulties. She thought the site
was a nice area for a daycare center because it was next to the
Baylands. She said that she would not support the Amendment
because it was unwise for the City to be involved in that kind of
deliberation.

Council Member Holman stated there were several good
suggestions that would amend the Amendment.              One was
incorporating Council Member Espinosa’s word which was to
“explore” solutions. The other was that Staff was to evaluate the
situation. With respect to Council Member Shepherd’s comments
she said the reason that there were conditions of approval on any
project was that while the City trusted people’s intentions it was
responsible for helping to facilitate neighborliness.

Mayor Yeh said he would not support the Amendment. He
understood the intentions and heard the comments, but he heard
Staff’s remarks that there was not much purview for the City in
that area. He did not feel it was wise to create an intervention.
He did not know what the trigger would be for Staff. He assumed
that it might be at the request of one of the neighbors and he did
not like the rule that the City would have to supervise. He said it
was a private matter between neighbors and he thought
everyone heard the importance and desire for there to be good
relationships between the neighbors. It was an ongoing effort
                                                                    Page 34 of 73
                                                     City Council Special Meeting
                                                            Draft Minutes 4/9/12
