                               MINUTES
On June 14, 2012 and June 26, 2012, the RHMC discussed the draft
document and made several changes and recommendations for changes.
Some of the main changes were to encourage production of affordable
housing and conversion of multi-family units to affordable units. Staff added
a policy statement relative to strengthening the protection and transitions to
R-1 and other low density neighborhoods. There was a desire to ensure full
site and design review by the Architectural Review Board (ARB), P&TC, and
the Council for smaller sites proposed to exceed the 50 foot height
requirement. The RHMC recommended removing the City parking lots from
the Housing Inventory Sites list; Staff had removed them. The parking lot
site next to the Creekside Inn was on the list, and the RHMC recommended
deleting those units. Staff found a few other sites that could meet the
criteria and added the hotel condominiums as potential housing locations.
The last RHMC recommendation was not to allow mixed use at grocery store
locations, unless the grocery store was retained at that same size. The
RHMC requested Staff develop an overlay assuring that grocery stores would
be protected and housing not allowed on those sites unless a grocery store
at that size was retained. There were other language changes to the text,
which were included in Attachment A to the Staff Report. If the Council
directed, Staff would submit the draft to the HCD. The State had 90 days to
review the draft and provide comments. At some point, Staff would initiate
an environmental review process while responding to HCD. Staff would
return to the P&TC, RHMC, and the Council with the Housing Element for
adoption, hopefully prior to year end. Staff recommended the Council
authorize submittal of the document to HCD for review. Staff would return
at a future date with a document for adoption.

Susan Fineberg, Planning & Transportation Commission, Vice Chair reported
the P&TC reviewed the various components of the Housing Element. The
final review of the completed draft was divided into two public hearings. On
April 11, 2012 the P&TC focused on the goals, policies, and programs. The
P&TC recognized that it was important for the Housing Element to be
reviewed and adopted with due speed. The P&TC identified four programs
that were problematic, and asked Staff to work with the P&TC Housing
Element Subcommittee to address comments and return with revised
language on May 8, 2012. On May 9, 2012, the P&TC focused on technical
Chapters 1-4 and reviewed the revised program language for the four
programs. After review and discussion, the P&TC recommended that the
Council forward the draft Housing Element to the HCD for compliance
review. The P&TC voted 5-0-1, with Commissioner Michael abstaining.

Council Member Schmid advised that RHMC goals were to identify units that
qualified as affordable housing units and to encourage the conversion of
multi-family units to affordable housing where appropriate.


07-09-2012                                                             111-160
