    12.   Adoption of Resolutions Approving, Authorizing and Directing the
          Refinancing of the Outstanding 2001 and 2002 Limited Obligation
          Improvement Bonds, City of Palo Alto University Avenue Area Off-
          Street Parking Assessment District.

    Assistant Director of Administrative Services, Joe Saccio reminded the
    Council it had refunded Gas and Water Utility Bonds and refinanced some
    Golf Course Certificates of Participation. He stated he would present the
    rationale for refinancing the Bonds, as there was a slight departure from the
    traditional practice of refunding the Bonds by using an underwriter. He
    reported Staff met with Standard and Poor's and received a credit rating.
    He indicated the purpose of the meeting was to receive approval to move
    forward with refinancing approximately $33.7 million of outstanding
    Assessment District Bonds, which were issued in 2001 and 2002. He noted
    the Bonds were paid through assessments on Downtown property owners,
    and were originally issued to build two garages on the S&L lot on Bryant
    Street and the garage on the R lot on High Street. He said the City was
    refinancing to realize a savings on debt service for property owners, lessees
    and the City.        He stated the City participated in this District as a
    consequence of Proposition 218.           He reported the first rationale for
    refinancing was the current environment of historically low interest rates.
    Staff thought there was a potential for significant savings. He indicated the
    traditional rule of thumb was 3 percent, and Staff believed the savings, in a
    new present value term, would be above 5 percent. The Report to the
    Council noted 6.1 percent, which was the consequence of an analysis done
    in mid-January. He stated a more recent analysis indicated it was possible
    to go well above 5 percent. He commented it was important to realize that
    the interest rate was determined at the point of sale on February 22, 2012.
    He noted the savings could move up or down; however, Staff thought it
    would be above the indicated threshold. He reported the 6 percent net
    present value savings translated into approximately $236,000 per year for
    the next 20 years in annual debt service savings, or about 11 cents per
    square foot. He stated that was dependent on the rates at the time of the
    Bond sale. He indicated the City was required to maintain, and was
    maintaining, the current maturity date of 2030. He noted this was for the
    next 20 years. Whenever the City departed from the traditional method of
    refinancing, Staff preferred to call that to the Council's attention. In this
    case, he noted the City was using an underwriter instead of competitive bids
    for a variety of reasons. He commented land-secured bonds were normally
    very difficult to sell in the current bond market, because they had a certain
    niche. When the City last attempted to refund these Bonds, there was very
    little interest in that it didn't receive any competitive bids and the interest
    rates turned against the City. He explained when using an underwriter, the
    underwriter was aware of customers and retail institutions interested in
    these types of Bonds. He noted the call date of March 2, and said it was
                                    35                   February 13, 2012 
 
