was an innovative, responsible, green answer to the neighbor’s requests. The
attendant parking allowed for the efficient use of the parking garage in a way
that balances transportation policy land use and protected the residential
neighbors from intrusive parking on their streets.

Elizabeth Hughes said she was the President of TDM Specialists, Inc. and Vice
President of the Association for Commuter Transportation, Sacramento Valley
Chapter. She explained that her industry practitioner experience was 12
years of customizing TDM plans for development projects and also
implementing and managing commuter programs. She said that the 101
Lytton project was extremely well located to multiple options for transit, which
was the reason why Transportation Demand Management would work very
well at the location. Commercial projects that were not served by rail could
achieve 20 to 30 Percent alternative mode use vehicle reductions. She
explained that mixed use components added enhancements for TDM programs
because they provided the amenities that support transit users.             Near
proximity to transit further enhanced vehicle trip reductions. She said the
TDM premise was broken into three sections. First they looked at the
infrastructure and physical measures that support TDM. Second, through the
outreach and commuter program management they looked at the day to day
communication and messaging and made sure they were reaching all the
occupants of the project. Third, she explained that monitoring was an
important feature to highlight the successes of the project and an opportunity
to retool if there was ever any need to do so. She said that the 101 Lytton
Avenue mixed use TDM was a tremendously progressive plan that contained
27 measures that were specifically designed for this unique project. She said
that the Caltrain Go Pass was the first of its kind in Palo Alto for a mixed use
project as it was typically an employer provided component for employees.
The electric vehicle chargers and Zip Car played a dual role because they
provided benefits not only to the occupants but also to the community at
large.    Attendant parking was a complementary and supporting car
management strategy for this project. Key findings from the 2007 Palo Alto
Climate Protection Plan identified that vehicles account for 40 Percent of total
emissions in the city. She said that the TDM plan for the 101 Lytton project
would ultimately reduce greenhouse gas emissions and support the City’s
climate action goals.

James Baer said PC zones were a mix of policy and politics that were both
difficult and complex. The project evolution showed that they increased the
residential unit count. He said this was a Transit Oriented District (TOD)
project, which was encouraged by the Planning & Transportation Commission
(PTC) and Staff. He said that the project was a five story building with fifth
floor residential because of the Comprehensive Plan Housing Element
comments by the PTC to the City Council. The 34 attendant parking spaces
were progressive because they were managed and monitored to the demand.
                                   9                     March 12, 2012
