    access to advanced medical treatment and to support. She indicated the
    Site Plan and Architecture and Design were well articulated and compatible
    with the existing building and site characteristics. She was sure there would
    be additional comments regarding the details of the design, but she was
    impressed and thought it would be a wonderful project. She commended
    the relationship between the outdoor space and the building. She stated it
    was wrenching and moving to hear these stories and experiences, and she
    could only imagine the extreme stress these families suffered in these
    circumstances. She explained this project and the details before the Council
    clearly illustrated the success, warmth and compassion of the program
    designed to meet the extreme needs of ill children and their families. She
    felt it was an impressive program, and Palo Alto was fortunate to have the
    program in the community.         She said it provided hope and a caring
    environment and created a future for children and their families. She was
    pleased to make the Motion and stated it was an exciting opportunity to
    move forward.

    Council Member Burt concurred with Council Member Price's statements.
    For those concerned about additional development within the community,
    he stated this project would likely demonstrate a net negative trip impact as
    people would be walking and taking a shuttle rather than driving. He felt it
    was an exceptional service, and it was important to recognize that. He said
    Ronald McDonald House was supported by volunteers and donors within the
    community and elsewhere as a basis of shared values. He thought taking
    this initiative to help support the Ronald McDonald House was the least the
    City could do, thought the Council wholeheartedly supported the Ronald
    McDonald House efforts, and he looked forward to the task ahead and the
    services to be provided.

    Council Member Espinosa thanked everyone for attending. He was excited
    by the project and glad the site had worked out. He commented the
    proximity of housing to the hospital was important to the healing that takes
    place. He stated the Council was not approving a project tonight, was not
    usurping a process.      He was glad the Council was able to publicly
    acknowledge that it was excited to identify this site which was perfect for
    the Ronald McDonald House.

    Council Member Shepherd thanked the Ronald McDonald House supporters
    for sitting through a long meeting. She stated the stories touched her heart
    and reminded her of tours of Stanford Hospital and Children's Hospital. She
    felt Stanford had an ability to create community and it was felt in the
    hallways of the hospital. She indicated it was a very busy place and yet a
    very kind and exciting place to be. She was grateful this particular site was
    so close to Palo Alto and available to Palo Altans. She explained having this
    accommodation was an appropriate use of this particular property at this
                                   46                  February 13, 2012 
 
