                               MINUTES
8.    Approval of the Renewal of a Public-Private Partnership Agreement
      Between the City of Palo Alto and TheatreWorks for the use of the
      Lucie Stern Community Theatre.

9.    Approval of the Renewal of a Public-Private Partnership Agreement
      Between the City of Palo Alto and the Palo Alto Players for the use of
      the Lucie Stern Community Theatre.

10.   Approval of the Renewal of a Public-Private Partnership Agreement
      between the City of Palo Alto and the West Bay Opera for the use of
      the Lucie Stern Community Theatre.

11.   Approval of an Agreement with the Santa Clara Valley Water District
      for the Installation and Maintenance of Two Trash Booms at Creek
      Locations in Palo Alto.

12.   Resolution 9305 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Notice of Intent to Set the Employer's Contribution Under the
      Public Employee's Medical and Hospital Care Act with Respect to
      Members of the Palo Alto Police Officers' Association and Rescinding
      Resolution No. 8896”.

13.   Submittal of Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Bi-Monthly
      Construction Contract Report.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

14.   Public Hearing: Adoption of an Ordinance Establishing Underground
      Utility District No. 47 (Middlefield Road/Addison Avenue/Cowper
      Street/Homer Avenue) by Amending Section 12.16.02 of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code.

Council Member Holman recused herself from participation in Item Number
14, because her home address was located within 500 feet of the subject
area.

James Keene, City Manager noted AT&T would pay a portion of costs for
undergrounding utilities in the area.

Tom Ting, Engineering Manager in the Utilities Department reported in
September 2012, the Council approved a Resolution of intent to establish

                                                                        Page 4 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 12/10/12
