                                MINUTES
Council Member Espinosa wanted to walk through the scenario of a trial. He
understood the desire to have one and why people were calling for it, but he
had a hard time seeing if it would work and what would be tested. He
wanted to look at it from the point of view of how a trial might work. He
said that they would repave the street first, restripe it, put up barriers to
widen the sidewalks, and do plantings and that sort of thing. He asked how
long Staff thought they would need to run the trial and how the City could
make it look like something other than a confused construction zone.

Mr. Williams said that was Staff’s concern. He thought the simplest version
was to repave and restripe with a boundary stripe of where the extension of
the sidewalk went and then the parking outside of that. He said that did not
provide a physical barrier and it created confusion. Based on that they
reviewed what kind of barriers could be erected, but everything they thought
of looked temporary and tacky. If there were barriers they could use one
block as an example and extend a wooden platform over an area and put
some trees and tables in to see how it looked. However, all of those things
depended on how much money was put into the trial. The most difficult part
was the barriers.

Mr. Rodriguez said they tried their best when looking at the barriers to figure
out how it could be put together. On top of the striping and the areas they
created where the widening would be, they discussed renting or purchasing
large trees in planter boxes to section off those areas. The cost of renting
trees was extremely expensive. They considered purchasing the trees, but
there were too many trees. They discussed using wooden platforms to
simulate the sidewalk widening, but that created an accessibility issue or an
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) hazard. Those were the challenges
Staff identified in trying to replicate the project for a trial. It was very
difficult to do.

Council Member Burt asked them to put up slide 20, which was the same as
the table Council had in Attachment D, page 3. He asked if the other
downtown streets were two lanes or four lanes.

Mr. Rodriguez said they were all two lane streets.

Council Member Burt confirmed that California Avenue had one third the
traffic and twice the lanes.

Mr. Williams said that was correct. He said that the higher volume of 5,280
was for the block between El Camino Real and Ash Street. He explained that
as one progressed down the corridor the volumes decreased significantly.

                                                                         Page 42 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
