                                MINUTES
have a condition to approval that said to work with Staff and return in a
month.

Mr. Williams said he would not suggest a condition of approval. He said it
sounded as though it was a substantive enough issue that Council should
see it before it was approved. They could approve the Negative Declaration,
although there was no need to do that until the project returned to Council.
He suggested that Council direct Staff to work toward breaking up the mass
of the building and to return to the Council within a month with revised
designs. He thought if the Council went that route that it would be helpful to
indicate that was the issue so that they did not return talking about toxics or
parking lots.

Mayor Yeh left the meeting at 10:04 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if Mr. Williams suggested tentative approval with a
return on the design issue.

Mr. Williams said that a tentative approval was fine with him, but he did not
know if that had any bearing.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if they should continue the matter for a month. He
asked if that was a better approach.

Ms. Stump thought it probably was and thought it was also helpful to
designate a date. She said it was contingent on the Applicant working
promptly with the Planning Staff so that Staff had the opportunity to respond
to the Council. She said they could identify a date that evening so that they
ensured the matter returned promptly.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked the Applicant how they felt about returning within
a month with the understanding that Council Members who voted for the
project did so in good faith with the notion that if the Applicant returned with
a design that was opened up that they would have tentative support.

Mr. Jans said they agreed.

Ms. Stump said that Mr. Williams suggested that the Staff work with the
Clerk’s office at the agenda planning meeting and identify an appropriate
date within June or the first meeting in July.

Mr. Williams said he expected the date to be June 25th or July 2nd.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to continue this item to June 25, 2012.
                                                                          Page 36 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 6/4/12
