                               MINUTES
income to that official. Stanford University was a source of income for
Mayor Yeh and Council Member Klein through their spouses. Traditionally,
the City Council had segregated Stanford University items from the Budget.
The California Fair Political Practices Commission allowed that type of
segmented decision making in similar situations.          Conflicted Council
Members could recuse themselves from those Items and participate in other
Items.    She understood the Stanford-related Budget Items would be
discussed first with two Council Members not participating.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in portions of
Agenda Item No. 9, the Police and Fire Budgets and the CIP Budget, related
to Stanford University as his wife was a faculty member.

Mayor Yeh advised he would not be participating in portions of Agenda Item
No. 9, the Police and Fire Budgets and the CIP Budget, related to Stanford
University as his wife was a Stanford Ph.D. candidate.

Council Member Burt left the meeting at 9:30 P.M.

Council Member Schmid asked if Fire Station 7 at Stanford Linear Accelerator
Laboratory (SLAC) was closed with nine full-time Staff members.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether those employees would be shifted
to Station 2 to staff a 24-hour ambulance service.

Ms. Antil reported those employees would move to different stations,
including Station 2.

Mr. Keene indicated six employees would be added to Station 2.

Council Member Schmid assumed Stanford reimbursed the City for the nine
positions, and Stanford would no longer do that. He asked if the positions
were eliminated while funding was not.

Ms. Antil reported Stanford paid 30.3 percent of the total Fire Department
Budget for a variety of services. Staff and Stanford were negotiating a new
agreement. The Proposed Budget did not include changes to the agreement.



                                                                        Page 11 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/11/12
