                               MINUTES
eligible for a waiting list.

Council Member Klein believed the Amendment had been incorporated into
the Motion as he and the seconder had accepted it.

Mayor Yeh inquired whether the City Attorney could suggest illustrative
language regarding a neighborhood preference.

Ms. Stump explained these details would be worked out among the
attorneys, and the Council would receive a well-articulated proposal when
the regulatory agreement was presented. The Council was providing a
general direction. Aspects included in the regulatory agreement had to
comply with Fair Housing law and other legal requirements. The Council
should not attempt to provide that amount of detail in the current Motion.

Mayor Yeh wanted to express his opinion on this particular issue as he would
not be a part of the Council when the issue returned.

Council Member Burt suggested substituting "geographic preference" for the
deleted reference to Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. The Council was
directing Staff to explore it and it had to be consistent with legal
requirements. He offered that language to the maker and seconder as a
way to capture the intent without a narrow definition.

Council Member Klein referenced the City Attorney's comments and noted
the project would return to the Council. He did not accept the proposed
language.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Ms. Gonzalez looked forward to the continuing partnership with the City.

10.   Recommendation of the Parks and Recreation Commission Concerning
      Amendment of Section 22.04.180 of Chapter 24.04 of Title 22 [Park
      And Recreation Building Use And Regulations] of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code and Amendment of Park and Open Space Regulations
      R1-4, R1-5a, R1-5b, and R1-10b to Impose Time Use Limitations on
      Sound Amplification Equipment at Lytton Plaza.

Darren Anderson, Open Space Parks and Golf Division Manager reported
Staff and the Parks and Recreation Commission (Commission) recommended
the Council adopt amendments to the Palo Alto Municipal Code and Open
Space Rules and Regulations to impose limitations on amplified sound at
Lytton Plaza. When Lytton Plaza was renovated in 2009, electrical outlets
                                                                       Page 15 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
