                               MINUTES
to the parking issue. The approach needed to balance supply with demand
and to balance neighborhood incursions with the vitality of Downtown
businesses. The purpose of the discussion was to outline a work program
for the Council. Staff did not seek direction regarding specific measures to
be taken, but rather wished to discuss topic areas Staff expected to explore.
Staff requested Council input regarding areas not to consider and additional
areas to consider. Staff expected to return to the Council on most of the
topics within the next 3-6 months. Staff wanted to return to the Council
regarding the Downtown Cap Study sooner than 3-6 months, because many
issues fell under zoning regulations and development proposals. Staff
wanted to return to the Council with a scope of work for that Study before
placing it for bids. Some items could be referred to the Policy and Services
Committee or returned to the Council as a whole.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official stated Council's direction in
July 2012 was to review five or six key areas, to identify technology to
manage parking supply, to evaluate zoning and transportation demand
management (TDM) solutions, and to determine methods to limit
neighborhood concerns. During the past year and a half, Staff focused
primarily on permit management.          Staff developed an online permit
management system to manage and distribute permits to the community
and to provide automatic renewal opportunities. He anticipated the system
would be live in December 2012.          The program would allow monthly
renewals, monthly and quarterly permits, and weekly distribution of permits.
Staff focused on managing permit supply and wait lists and reforming the
day permit program. As a result, wait lists decreased by 66 percent in the
Downtown area. Because changes had not been made in the California
Avenue Business District, wait lists increased by 20 percent in that area.
Staff completed a Request for Proposal (RFP) process for the parking garage
study for Lots D, E, G, O, and P. As part of the study, Staff wanted to
determine methods to better use existing garages.          An RFP for the
Downtown Cap Study was under development.              Technology solutions
included gate controls and counting cars. Staff recommended the Council
consider gate controls after completion of the garage study. Charging
stations for electric vehicles (EV) were located around the City. Staff
received many requests for more EV parking. Staff recommended installing
a maximum of six additional EV charging stations in Downtown and a
maximum of five EV charging stations in the California Avenue Business
District. Staff wanted to deploy more bicycle parking. Staff had determined
a few policy considerations for residences located near Downtown,
specifically Professorville, and requested Council guidance on those. One
policy would allow installation of on-street accessible or disabled parking
spaces within residential neighborhoods.       To provide parking relief for
residential neighborhoods, Staff suggested providing short-term and
                                                                       Page 18 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/13/12
