Council Member Klein said that he had a point of order.       He asked if there
would be a second round of discussion.

Mayor Yeh said his assumption was that there would be a subsequent
Amendment related to the tower, or a whole round of discussion related to the
tower as it related to the height. He said that was his concern and the reason
he asked for clarification.

Council Member Burt said that the real problem was that Council Member
Klein’s Substitute Motion did not speak to the tower.

Mayor Yeh said that ultimately his concern was that they would be going back
to the Substitute Motion and he would rather build that into the Amendment
now.

Council Member Klein said that if someone wanted to make an Amendment in
regard to the tower, it was one thing, but the fifth floor was a different thing.
He said that they were talking specifically about the fifth floor.

Mayor Yeh said that he favored removing the fifth floor and retaining some
form of the tower. He said that he was opposed to the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Burt, Holman, Klein, Schmid, Yeh no

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT
OF THE MAKER AND THE SECONDER to maintain the tower element in the
project design, but in proportion with the four story building.

Council Member Holman said that the public benefits that had been described
were pretty narrow. She said she had a language concern with the Substitute
Motion being too prescriptive because it said to redirect public benefit dollars
toward the Housing Fund and Downtown Parking In Lieu Fund and towards
other measures to reduce parking. She asked if they were better off using
the money in an In Lieu Fund. She said that if the intention was to try to
solve parking problems or to come up with parking solutions, that was one
thing, but the language was prescriptive. She said alternative language could
be to “redirect public benefit dollars to varying means to alleviate downtown
parking impacts.”

Council Member Schmid confirmed that she was not proposing to take out the
Housing Fund.

Council Member Klein said that he thought what Council Member Holman was
saying was covered in the last clause of the sentence, “and towards other
measures to reduce parking in downtown adjacent neighborhoods.”
                                   48                     March 12, 2012
