                               MINUTES
3.   Proclamation Declaring the Month of September to be Emergency
     Preparedness Month.

Council Member Burt read the Proclamation into the record.

Annette Glanckopf presented Divya Santee, one of thirteen teens selected
for the Federal Emergency Management Association (FEMA) Teen Council.

Divya Santee expressed gratitude to the Council for the honor and
recognition. In order to create a resilient community, each individual should
participate in emergency preparedness. Her initiatives were awareness and
preparedness. She hoped her efforts motivated youth to be aware and
prepared.

4.   Proclamation Recognizing Suicide Prevention Week, September 9-15,
     2012.

Council Member Price read the Proclamation into the record.

Vic Ojakian thanked the City Council and the City Manager. Liz Kniss helped
create the County Suicide Prevention Plan. He appreciated the Proclamation
mentioning the stigma of suicide. Council Members assisted in obtaining
funds from Stanford to be used for youth well-being and suicide prevention.

Liz Kniss reported Mr. Ojakian was the driving force throughout the County
for suicide prevention.

Mayor Yeh noted Mr. Ojakian was a tireless advocate for suicide prevention
and awareness throughout the country.

Omar Chatty asked the City Council to review the possibility of eliminating
Caltrain. 186 people had died since 1995, 26 since January 1, 2011, and 10
in 2012. Many of the deaths were suicides. He wanted the City or VTA to
check into completing the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART). The sincere words
of the Proclamation needed action.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager reported the City recently hosted staff
from the City and University of Tengin who exhibited new electric bicycle
technology developed at the University. Henry Yin, Commissioner of the
California Commission for Economic Development, along with Green Tech
China wanted to present the City with an electric bicycle. The bicycle would
be used by Staff to highlight the City program to use alternative forms of
transportation.

                                                                        Page 2 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/4/12
