Council Member Klein asked why they could not consider the 7.6 percent as
an unrealistically high number on the liability in the same manner as a bank
earned money on the arbitrage.

Mr. Bartel clarified when a discount rate was being used whether it was at
7.25 percent or 7.61 percent and the decision was to contribute $1 million
less it was looked upon as a lost opportunity to earn that percentage of
interest.

Council Member Klein disagreed with the mathematics because people
frequently borrowed at one rate and received an investment return at a
different rate.

Mr. Bartel said if money was borrowed at a lower rate of return, contributed
the money to CalPERS and expected to receive a higher rate of return was
considered an interest arbitrage. He understood there was a chance the City
may come out ahead in that situation; however, there was no certainty.

Council Member Klein stated he was not suggesting the City borrow their full
debt amount but rather borrow on a year to year basis.

Mr. Bartel asked who the lender would be.

Council Member Klein was not certain who the lender would be.

Mr. Bartel said the lender mattered because if the City was not making their
contribution to the plan but borrowing from the plan it did not make financial
sense.

Council Member Klein corrected borrowing the money from the recipients or
the beneficiaries of the plan not the plan itself.

Mr. Bartel stated by borrowing from the plan what was happening was the
amount being borrowed was not earning the highest interest rate.

Council Member Klein disagreed, he felt borrowing the money and using the
arbitrage method would benefit the plan.

Mr. Bartel said any money not contributed to the plan or borrowed from the
plan was not earning interest under the plan.

Council Member Klein said he would be earning interest because the money
would be invested.

Mr. Bartel gave an example of the City owing $1 million each year from
today. The valuation valued the $1 million discounted at 7.25 percent

                                     16                           01/30/2012
