                                 MINUTES
Voting For Mark Harris:             Klein, Price, Yeh

Voting For Walter Loewenstein:

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Garth Hall with 5 votes was elected
to the Utilities Advisor Commission.

6.    Appointment for Three Positions on the Human Relations Commission
      for Three Year Terms Ending March 31, 2015.

First Round of voting three positions on the Human Relations Commission for
three Year terms ending March 31, 2015:

Voting For Ray Bacchetti:           Burt, Holman, Klein,       Price,       Scharff,
                                    Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh

Voting For Theresa Chen:            Burt, Holman, Klein,       Price,       Scharff,
                                    Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh

Voting For Diane Morin:             Burt, Holman, Klein,       Price,       Scharff,
                                    Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Ray Bacchetti with 8 votes, Theresa
Chen with 8 votes, and Diane Morin with 8 votes were elected to the Human
Relations Commission.

STUDY SESSION

7.    Overview of California’s Cap-and-Trade Program to Reduce
      Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Impacts on the Operation of Electric
      and Gas Utilities.

Scott Tomashevsky, Regulatory Affairs Manager of the Northern California
Power Agency provided an overview of the regulations related to the cap-
and-trade regulations adopted by the California Air Resources Board (CARB).
Mr. Tomashevsky noted in particular the requirement that the City utilize the
value of allowances to be allocated to its electric utility, including proceeds
from the sale of the allowances in the auctions conducted by CARB
exclusively for the benefit of electric retail ratepayers, consistent with the
States greenhouse gas reduction goals. CARB will conduct quarterly
auctions of the allowances currently scheduled to begin in November 2012.



                                                                             Page 3 of 28
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Minutes 4/16/12
