                               MINUTES
sacrifices through negotiations during that period. In the future they could
not remain in the mindset of making cutbacks; they had to reshape the work
environment in all the ways discussed by Ms. Shen. When employees
retired the City lost experience and institutional memory, but it created job
opportunities for people in the organization. The right work culture afforded
all employees the opportunity for new work experiences. He said the City
did not need to pay more to do that, it just needed to invite employees to
have those opportunities. Many people would take that as there was a
benefit in the work itself. A career perspective about expanding one’s own
skills had its own rewards. There were challenges, but from Management
and Labor’s perspective there were opportunities to move forward and
reshape the organization.

Ms. Shen stated they met with the different employee and Labor groups
including the Management Professionals several weeks prior and reviewed
the colleague’s memorandum. They were advised of the three meeting
format and other people would have further involvement at the November
and December meetings.

Mr. Keene said the colleague’s memorandum was constructed to raise a
series of questions. They did not go through the questions point by point,
but they were prepared to work through them in the form that the City
Council wanted.

Mayor Yeh said that the meeting was a public session and was an important
part of the discussion on the issues.

Tony Spitaleri, representative from the International Association of
Firefighters Local Chapter encouraged the Council to consider its employees
as co-partners in the discussions. The meeting attended by Labor several
weeks prior was hastily called. They were unsure of the format of that
evening’s meeting. He stated he would make his statement and then wait
for the November 13th meeting where he hoped there was a discussion with
the employee groups similar to when they looked at the medical benefit
cost.    He stressed the importance of facts in the discussion as the
statements were made in public. He offered the cost of living as an
example. The CalPERS COLA was up to two percent annually; it was not
automatic as implied. He looked forward to the November and December
meetings and hoped that they had a positive atmosphere similar to the one
they had during the medical discussions. Labor was anxious to know the
format of the November 13th meeting. He said if they were only able to
make statements that were not a good discussion and that might put Labor
in a position that was resistant to change.

                                                                        Page 9 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/15/12
