                                MINUTES
City participation in a “Smart Cities” Conference in Summer 2013, and 3)
Engaging the Stanford Research Park management and employers to identify
areas of mutual interest and potential collaboration with the Bay Area-
Yangpu Digitization Park management and employers.

Council Member Shepherd said most of these questions were discussed on
the trip. For example, they asked how Palo Alto was going to develop the
next steps and why Palo Alto was entering in this relationship. Many people
had relationships with China. She said there was a lot of connectivity that
Council did not look at. This brought better thinking, not just with the
community, but on a corporate level.

Mayor Yeh was excited to deepen the relationship with the Bay Area City
Council. The Motion encouraged community engagement and brought in
new ideas about being civically engaged. He was very supportive of Council
Member Klein’s comments.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct Staff to prepare a study session in the first half of
2013 to discuss metrics for determining whether a relationship with a foreign
city is successful and criteria for future relationships.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

18.   2012 Year in Review.

James Keene, City Manager said it was good to look back on the year to
reflect on accomplishments and to consider what needed to be done. The
National Citizen Survey for 2012 showed data on improvements in the
quality of life, the quality of Palo Alto’s services, Palo Alto’s neighborhoods,
Palo Alto as a place to use, and recommending Palo Alto as a place. The
survey enabled Palo Alto to benchmark their numbers and performance
against other jurisdictions in the United States. Service ratings for Economic
Development, Emergency Preparedness, and Recreation Centers increased
and showed excellent or good; many of Palo Alto’s characteristics were
above the national benchmark. When compared with County, State, and
Federal government, Palo Alto scored significantly higher. He said the
Council Priorities were City Finances, Land Use and Transportation,
Emergency Preparedness, Environmental Sustainability, and Community
Collaboration for Youth Well Being. The City Finances balanced and closed
with a $5.8 million gap and $2.4 million in Ongoing Structural Changes.
Since 2009 in the General Fund, there was a surplus of $9 million in Ongoing
Structural Changes.         Palo Alto was at the forefront in Structural
Compensation Benefits with five new labor agreements adopted; Palo Alto
kept its AAA Utility Bond Rating. $7.5 million was saved by refinancing the
                                                                          Page 11 of 19
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 12/17/12
