                               MINUTES
adjacent streets. They recommended trying to achieve a goal of a maximum
of 80 percent occupancy by implementing the RPP trial. He explained that
would create more yellow zones within the area. Yellow zones meant that a
motorist should be able to find a parking space on the street they wanted to
park on. Staff would study what happened to the adjacent streets and see if
there were adverse effects. Staff also wanted to measure demand for
permit sales not just for the residents but also for the non-residents. They
talked about making 51 permits available, but they needed to know if there
was demand by the neighboring community for those permits. With respect
to measuring parking compliance he said that many times simple regulatory
signage went a long way in implementing behavioral change. However, if
that was not followed up by enforcement the City would not realize a long
term benefit in permanent change.          He said that measuring parking
compliance helped them measure whether or not they saw cars adhering to
the proposed two hour parking restriction which was available for anyone to
park in the area, and whether or not they were forced to issue citations as a
community to those who did not adhere to the rules. He said that many
residents discussed quality of life. The only way to measure that was quality
versus quantity based. Staff wanted to survey residents and invite them to
participate in community outreach meetings as they contemplated the longer
term vision of the RPP. The last thing the working group looked at was the
operations cost. There were several factors related to parking compliance
which fed into the measure, but the largest piece was the permit sales. If
the City had an RPP area but was not selling permits it was not going to be a
successful area. The objective was not to simply push people out. The RPP
program’s purpose was to provide parking to residents. He said that the
community received a $250,000 contribution from the Lytton Gateway
project for downtown parking preservation projects.          Staff discussed
dedicating $125,000 of the contribution for projects for the area south of
Forest Avenue. Professorville was one option. Another option was to
dedicate $125,000 towards projects in Downtown North. He said a pilot
Professorville RPP program could cost up to $50,000. That covered the cost
of signage, of Revenue Collection Staff to purchase and administer the
distribution of permits, of random enforcement by the parking compliance
Staff, and allowed the City to measure the long term cost of a RPP in the
community.

Mr. Williams said the Council was very aware that the parking zoning issues
meshed with the recent permit activity, the development downtown and the
discussions that went on over some of the projects. Some of the issues
relative to those projects were exemptions laid out in the ordinance and
parking reductions that were allowed as well as transfer development rights
which were used in several projects over the past few years. He thought
that had been a successful program in getting historic rehabilitation and
                                                                        Page 9 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
