                      DRAFT MINUTES
teachers. She said the new building would help Mustard Seed to
grow.

Allison Lee said that she was in first grade at Hoover Elementary
School. She said that she liked Mustard Seed because it helped
her learn Chinese words, journal, do homework, and math. She
said they needed to move to the new building because they did
not have enough space.

Amelia Mau said that she went to Mustard Seed since second
grade.    It taught her to be responsible, helped her with
homework, and kept her on task which she needed. She said it
was crowded with so many people joining and that the new
building would help them.

Alan Huang said that he was a seventh grader at Jordan Middle
School. He went to Mustard Seed for about six years. During
that time he learned many things, not only academic, but also
social and life skills. He thought he learned more about those
things at Mustard Seed than in normal school. It helped him
through his life. He said that his younger brother currently
attended Mustard Seed and when he visited his brother he
thought the building was crowded. He knew a larger building
would help the students.

David Ng said he was a 13 year resident of Palo Alto. He said
that his daughter was in first grade and attended Juana Briones
and Mustard Seed. He thought it was essential that the Council
approve the measure to proceed with the use on East Bayshore
as Mustard Seed had outgrown its current site on Emerson. The
new site had more capabilities and opportunities for Mustard
Seed. Mustard Seed grew dramatically and needed the new
facility. He said that having the facility on the other side of East
Bayshore would make things better from a site usage and traffic
standpoint as it was easier to get in and out at the new site. He
said it was important for parents to have the new facility.


                                                                   Page 24 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
