                                MINUTES
believe that the proposed RPP would solve the problem. She was happy that
Staff was working on a set of comprehensive solutions for optimizing
downtown parking including allowing businesses to purchase and subsidize
permits, using permits for multiple workers, enabling online and kiosk
purchases of permits, day passes, digital signs, open data, but she thought
there was still a parking management problem. Several people said that the
reason they did not pay for parking was that on-street parking was free.
She suggested they set the prices so that there was an incentive for people
that wanted to park to park at a garage and a disincentive to park on the
street.

Doria Summa said she lived on Yale Street in College Terrace. She thanked
the Council for approving their permit parking program which had been a
huge success. She served on the committee that worked with Staff to
design that program and continued to serve on another group that worked
with Staff to keep the program running smoothly. She supported a similar
residential parking program for Downtown North and South. The program
allowed anyone to park for two hours during business days. What she did
not support about what the City proposed was a program that discriminated
against residents that lived in multiunit dwellings and their neighbors. For
example Attachment H of the Staff report had the program guidelines for the
general RPP going forward. She said that if the City attempted to apply that
in College Terrace it would literally exempt all of the parts of College Terrace
that had been formerly the most impacted by parking problems from being
in any RPP. Additionally, the experience in College Terrace showed that a
comprehensive RPP supported the needs of both businesses and residents.
Living on Yale Street at the edge of the mixed use zone she could tell the
Council that in addition to employee parking businesses needed short term
parking. When employees parked everything up, businesses did not have
the short term parking either. Residents needed parking spots sufficiently
close for themselves and their visitors to their houses. She thought that a
RPP in Downtown North and South would support the long term
transportation goals of the City, which were to get people to come to the
City through alternate modes of transportation.

Herb Borock said the main reason there was a parking problem was that the
Council kept supporting more intensified development for proposals that
exceeded the zoning. The second problem was the intensification of existing
development. He stated that for those who were concerned about how to
get residents to use their driveways and garages the way to do it was to
prohibit parking in residential zones between 2:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m. He
said that was how the system used to work and that back then you could get
a hardship permit, but someone would have come out to check to see how
long your driveway was and what it accommodated. He stated that the
                                                                          Page 20 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
