MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to continue this item to April 16, 2012, at the applicant’s request.

Council Member Burt noted this Item had been scheduled at least three
times, with the applicant asking it be continued each time. He asked if there
was any way the Council could not go through this again.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated Staff tried to work with applicants to
ensure that folks who came forward with an application were given the time
they felt they needed to present materials. At the same time, she thought
Staff had made clear to this applicant that there was an investment of City
time and certainly Council Member time as well to take these issues up. She
indicated it was not a small matter to reserve a place on the Agenda, and
then ask for the matter to be shifted to another spot on an already busy
Agenda.

Council Member Burt inquired whether this Item had been continued three
times.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment reported
this was the third time.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council could require the applicant to
provide a letter that validated they had all the materials they needed and
would not be seeking an additional continuance before Staff agendized it.

Mr. Williams stated Staff would be happy to do that.      He did not see why
Staff could not do that.

Ms. Stump reported Staff reserved a place on the Agenda because Agendas
filled very quickly far in advance. She stated there should not be a problem
with, given the number of times this had been continued, letting the
applicant know that by a certain point the applicant needed to let Staff know
whether more time was needed.

Council Member Burt said he meant it the other way around: that the
Council required this applicant to supply a letter clearly stating they had all
materials they needed, and they would not seek any more continuances
before Staff scheduled it.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to request the applicant to state in writing that they are
prepared to move forward and not seek a further continuance for a public
hearing. Staff will agendize the item after receiving written statement.


                                      15                            3/05/2011
