                               MINUTES
Council Member Shepherd would not support the Substitute Motion, but at
the same time she had come prepared to support a trial. She met with the
merchants earlier in the day and they were in complete angst and were very
distrustful of Staff. It reminded her of how complicated it seemed to have
civic engagement work right in the City. There was a study session in 2010
and Staff asked for information on what Council was looking for on California
Avenue. Staff got the grant accepted and brought it to the Council. The
Council voted 9-0 to accept the grant meaning that Staff would work on
reducing the lanes. Four lanes was no longer an option because Council had
voted that way. Staff operated with the majority of Council. She thought
there was a huge misunderstanding that there was still an option to do four
lanes. It had not been an easy to navigate process for citizens which
distressed her because she found speaking to elected officials in the Brown
Act environment intimidating. She wanted to explain how she reached out.
To say that she had not heard the citizens concerned her because she had
asked the questions.       She said that Mollie Stone’s could convert to
condominiums if the City went forward with the project, but they could do it
anyway. It was a free market economy. The City tried to shelter JJ&F Food
Store, which did not work well for the community. They had two shopping
centers coming back online that they had missed desperately, the one at
Alma Plaza and the one at Edgewood. She thought that Mollie Stone’s was
the largest complete grocery store they had in town. She truly had concerns
about keeping Mollie Stone’s. There were 82 new units coming in down the
street with the Holbrook building Council passed a few weeks prior. She
explained that LOS D, which was right before F when an intersection failed,
was the current situation at Churchill and Alma. She lived there and
traveled it often and knew what a D looked like and that it could go to F in a
moment if the crossing guards were redone. When she looked at the traffic
on California Avenue, which she agreed was basically single file, there was
no traffic. It was just cars driving down the road. When she rode her bike
on California Avenue she usually had all four lanes to herself. That was not
what Churchill and Alma looked like and she did not believe a trial would
show a level of D. There was not enough traffic going through California
Avenue. She liked how comfortable the four lanes were but if they restriped
and resurfaced the street it could not be put back to its current striping. No
one explained how that could be done without reducing sidewalks or parking
spaces. She was very concerned about the entry way from El Camino Real
onto California Avenue. If they got that wrong and it backed up onto El
Camino Real and people could not access California Avenue because of
traffic she wanted to know how flexible the City could be to reconfigure that
area. She asked if Staff had a plan for that or if they were confident the
plan was going to work.


                                                                        Page 70 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 7/23/12
