He wondered if municipal hearings could be handled by volunteers to allow
the City to provide services which SVACA did not.

Ms. Antil stated Staff could review that suggestion.

Mr. Keene said that ended the discussion relating to Animal Services at the
MSC.

Ms. Antil asked Mr. Fehrenbach to discuss repurposing of the site for auto
dealership use.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager reported there had
been a significant level of concern regarding auto dealers and the sales tax
revenues they generated over the past decade. He noted a grow-in-place
policy had worked relatively well for some dealers; however, dealers were
experiencing a significant decline, especially the Embarcadero dealers. He
stated the City had been exploring a split-site arrangement with Anderson
Honda in 2007 and had gotten close to some deal points; however, the
economic downturn removed factory pressure for Anderson to relocate to a
more visible site and the deal collapsed. He reported Anderson was once
again experiencing pressure from the factory to relocate to a visible site. He
indicated there were some synergies with the existing site that would allow
for an increase in sales tax revenue, as well as some other potential revenue
increases. He stated Palo Alto was not experiencing the regional recovery in
terms of sales tax revenues at the same level as the State and Silicon
Valley. Staff was concerned about those revenues, the base of revenues
currently in place, and potential loss of revenues if they were taken outside
of the City. He noted the Embarcadero Road dealers had been affected the
most with a 30 percent decline over the last ten years. He stated the MSC
was a 2.4 acre site including the Animal Services Center. Assuming Animal
Services relocated, he reported the MSC site was imminently deliverable
from the City's perspective, because it was separated physically from the
other uses currently at the MSC. He indicated the numbers were educated
guesses, and there were a number of assumptions. He reported the City
could anticipate a revenue increase from sales tax of approximately
$250,000 to $500,000 a year, and income from a lease situation between
$300,000 and $450,000 a year. He suggested the Council consider a digital
billboard either at the MSC or on the other side of Highway 101 at the end of
Colorado Avenue. He noted a digital billboard would require two Ordinance
changes. Staff had contacted the California Department of Transportation
(Caltrans) and determined both sites were not scenic or a landscape freeway
so a digital billboard would be possible from that perspective. He indicated
the City could go through the entire development process or contract the
entire or parts of the process. With regard to selling advertisements, he

                                   17                    March 26, 2012
