3.    Resolution 9284 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Marilyn Keller Upon the Completion of
      Her Term as a Utilities Advisory Commissioner”.

Vice Mayor Scharff read the resolution into the record.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to
adopt the resolution expressing appreciation to Marilyn Keller upon the
completion of her term as a Utilities Advisory Commissioner.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

STUDY SESSION

4.    Request by Jay Paul Company for Council Prescreening of Preliminary
      Plans for Five (5) Sites within the Boundaries of the California Avenue
      Concept Plan: 1) Office Development at 395 Page Mill Road; 2) Public
      Safety Building/Parking Structure at 3045 Park Blvd.; 3) Public Parking
      Structure at 250 Sherman Avenue; 4) Public Park at 350 Sherman
      Avenue, and 5) Multi-Family Residential Development at 450 Sherman
      Avenue.

Curtis Williams, Planning and Community Environment Director, gave an
introduction of the project. The project consists of five sites within the
boundaries of the California Avenue Concept Plan: 1) Office Development at
395 Page Mill Road; 2) Public Safety Building/Parking Structure at 3045 Park
Blvd.; 3) Public Parking Structure at 250 Sherman Avenue; 4) Public Park at
350 Sherman Avenue, and 5) Multi-Family Residential Development at 450
Sherman Avenue. Eight members of the public expressed their opinions about
the proposal; including concerns over the loss of surface parking, additional
traffic, and the lack of need for additional parkland in the Sherman Avenue
area. Early in the meeting, a majority of the Council expressed concern over
the Sherman Avenue portion of the project and a consensus indicated that
those sites should be eliminated from present consideration, instead focusing
attention on the two sites to the south of Page Mill Road: the office proposal
and the potential Public Safety Building site. While Council Members generally
agreed the Public Safety Building was a significant public benefit, several had
some concern about the scale and massing of the proposed development and
its compatibility with residential neighbors. The Council emphasized the
importance of environmental review and the associated traffic and parking
analysis that would be a part of this review. Given the sites’ proximity to
transit, a well thought out Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
                                                                   09/10/2012
