                               MINUTES
departments with higher turnover and how the age of the City’s workforce
compared to other Bay Area communities. She also asked of the cost of
living in Palo Alto and housing in particular was a barrier to younger
employees. She understood that some larger cities were not in CalPERS and
were self-funded and wondered if Palo Alto could remove itself from
CalPERS.

Ms. Shen said they would look at employee tenure and provide the
information. The City did not have a retention issue. The turnover rate was
between one and two percent depending on the employee group. Staff was
also compiling a report that compared the City to neighboring communities.

Council Member Klein said the larger cities had not opted out of CalPERS,
they had always had their own systems. With few exceptions they had been
less successful than CalPERS. He said San Diego’s system was scandal
ridden and he did not see the larger cities as a better model than CalPERS.
Every pension system struggled with increased costs and stagnant income.

Mayor Yeh asked Staff for final comments.

Ms. Shen pointed out that Council was provided binders because Staff
intended to provide additional supplemental information. She asked that
any requests for specific references be directed to her attention.

Mr. Keene said Staff was returning in November with the pension and
December with healthcare and he wanted to set the expectations. Staff
understood the framework of the colleague’s memorandum and its
questions. They also had to consider Council’s suggestions over the coming
three weeks. Palo Alto was considered a leader in the State with what it had
done and its knowledge of the situation. Staff’s inability to answer questions
was a matter of the capacity to do research. He needed Council to know
that Staff was working on the information but could not provide everything
by the November meeting.        However, he said Staff could ensure the
community had a better understanding of what the City could or could not
do and what was necessary to pursue other options.

NO ACTION REQUIRED

10.   Interim Urgency Ordinance 5167 to Place Temporary Moratorium on
      use of "Exempt Floor Area Ratio" Parking Exemption Contained in
      Section 18.52.060(c) of the Zoning Ordinance in the Downtown and
      California Avenue Assessment Districts.


                                                                        Page 19 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/15/12
