                               MINUTES

Council Member Espinosa favored the Motion, but expressed concern about
the number of liaison positions in existence. He was interested in the
Council discussing expectations for Council Members' time and attendance at
various organizations' meetings before adding another position. The goal of
the proposal was to share information with the Council. He questioned
whether there was another method to structure information sharing with the
Council. The Council should focus on the general issue and consider ways to
solve it.

Council Member Burt suggested the Council provide additional feedback
regarding the proposal and refer it to the Policy and Services Committee.
He expressed concern that the Youth Health and Well Being Priority would
have a Staff Report while other Council Priorities would not. The Council
would create a position and a responsibility, but may not have a Council
Member willing to dedicate extensive time to the position. There were a
number of complications; therefore, he supported further consideration of
the proposal.

Council Member Shepherd suggested the Policy and Services Committee
determine the purpose of a liaison in response to Council Member Holman's
comments. The Council provided good feedback to the proposal. Youth and
seniors were the two groups showing the largest growth in Palo Alto
demographics. Perhaps the authors of the Memo could find a balanced
approach for both groups.

Mayor Yeh agreed with the comments regarding a definition of liaison and
the role of a liaison. The role of a liaison could fluctuate with the Members
comprising the City Council.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd said she and Council Member Holman participated
in the League of Cities Annual Event. She learned about 50 percent of
Sacramento’s dollars went to education, about 10 percent to the criminal
justice system, and about 23 percent to human services.

Council Member Price and several other Council Members attended a
pancake breakfast fundraiser for Project Safety Net which was sponsored by
partners such as the Fire Department, Lucille Packard, and Stanford.

Mayor Yeh said $4,500 was raised at the pancake breakfast.

10/22/2012                                                    111-485
