                                MINUTES
and most important was the complete failure to comply with CEQA and to
provide adequate protection against public health and safety. He attended a
number of conferences and had dealt with toxic sites since 1988. For 16
years he was a member of the Moffett Field Restoration Advisory Board,
working intimately with the EPA on the toxics in Mountain View. The EPA
would have far more intense restrictions on a development such as the
project at issue. There would not be an underground garage because the
garage went within a foot or two of the aquifer. Second, EPA stated
repeatedly that it required indoor air sampling in residential locations, which
were required to be done over a period of time of at least five years. The
Regional Water Quality Control Board (Water Board) repeatedly refused to
require indoor air sampling in the residential portion of the property. He
said that was a violation of standard practice.              The Water Board
demonstrated repeatedly over the past 7 to 8 years that it was not qualified
to have oversight on toxic sites in Palo Alto. In June 2011 the EPA met with
the Water Board and attempted to get the Water Board to come into
compliance with EPA policies for handling vapor intrusion and toxics. After
extensive discussions, the EPA left frustrated. One of the claims made was
that the attenuation factor naturally rising from the ground water in the soil
into the building was as much as three orders of magnitude. The EPA had
found that depending on the weather, rainfall, changes in the elevation of
the groundwater that the attenuation factor could change by more than an
order of magnitude, as much as three orders of magnitude inside the
building. Finally, the City had said that they had a MND, which showed they
would be compliant based on what the Water Board said. He had repeatedly
pointed out that the Water Board was not capable of providing valid data.
The court order of September 10, 2007, by Judge Nichols said, “Point three,
the City is to set aside in its entirety its decision to approve the Park Plaza
Project. The City and all of its officers and employees, agents, and assigns
are further ordered to suspend and refrain from authorizing any and all
demolition, excavation, construction, or any other project related activities
that could relate in any change in alteration to the physical environment
until the City has reconsidered its approval of Park Plaza and brought it back
into compliance with CEQA and you have to bring it to the court and the
court has to verify compliance.”

James Jans, Applicant said he was an attorney who represented the Hohbach
Reality Company Limited Partnership on the project since 2006. He stated
that they had on the screen a view of the project which showed the Park
Boulevard facade from the tower at Page Mill Road at the left going down
along Park. That was one of the views that was in the package sent to
Council that provided real life view of what the project would look like. As
Council was aware, when the project was last before it in October of 2011,
the Council did not approve or deny the project, but directed the Applicant to
                                                                         Page 19 of 47
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/4/12
