Palo Alto Schools. He explained that Neighbors Abroad was a volunteer
organization and member of Sister Cities International. He reviewed the
various activities of the organization such as student and adult exchanges,
fundraisers, and various activities. Jim Newton, the Treasurer, for Neighbors
Abroad gave a demonstration regarding the 2010-2011 expenditures.

4.    Proclamation Welcoming the Tsuchiura Exchange Students.

Mayor Yeh read the Proclamation into the record.

Keith Bechtal spoke regarding the Tsuchiura Marathon.

5.    Proclamation Honoring the 100th Anniversary of Girl Scouts USA.

Vice Mayor Scharff read the Proclamation into the record.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Assistant City Manager, Pamela Antil spoke regarding an oak tree planting
ceremony that was scheduled for March 19, 2012 at 1:30 pm at Homer and
Cowper Streets. The Safe Routes to School Addison School Survey was
scheduled to take place as part of the City’s first Walk About on March 20,
2012 at Addison School. She stated that ten cities around the country would
be selected to participate in the Green Lane Project which was funded by the
Bikes Belong Foundation. Palo Alto has submitted a proposal to participate in
this program that would help fund innovative bike programs.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the minutes of November 28, 2011.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Irwin Dawid of 753 Alma said that regardless of whether the City wins the
Greens Lane Bikes Belong Award, he appreciated the new bike corral. He said
it looked very classy and that he loved the sign on top. He said that City Staff
had done a good job with the bike parking.

Ray Dempsey said Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan established the physical
boundaries of residential and business areas and set limits which ensured that
business and housing remained compatible. He said that it encouraged
commercial enterprise but not at the expense of the City’s residential
                                   2                     March 12, 2012
