6.    Appointment for Three Positions on the Human Relations Commission for
      Three Year Terms Ending March 31, 2015.

First Round of voting three positions on the Human Relations Commission for
three Year terms ending March 31, 2015:

Voting For Ray Bacchetti:           Burt, Holman, Klein, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
                                    Shepherd, Yeh

Voting For Theresa Chen:            Burt, Holman, Klein, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
                                    Shepherd, Yeh

Voting For Diane Morin:             Burt, Holman, Klein, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
                                    Shepherd, Yeh

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Ray Bacchetti with 8 votes, Theresa
Chen with 8 votes, and Diane Morin with 8 votes were elected to the Human
Relations Commission.

STUDY SESSION

7.    Overview of California’s Cap-and-Trade Program to Reduce Greenhouse
      Gas Emissions and Impacts on the Operation of Electric and Gas Utilities.

Scott Tomashevsky, Regulatory Affairs Manager of the Northern California
Power Agency provided an overview of the regulations related to the cap-and-
trade regulations adopted by the California Air Resources Board (CARB). Mr.
Tomashevsky noted in particular the requirement that the City utilize the value
of allowances to be allocated to its electric utility, including proceeds from the
sale of the allowances in the auctions conducted by CARB exclusively for the
benefit of electric retail ratepayers, consistent with the States greenhouse gas
reduction goals. CARB will conduct quarterly auctions of the allowances
currently scheduled to begin in November 2012.

8.    Update on the Climate Protection Plan - Earth Day Staff Report.

Debra van Duynhoven, the Sustainability Manager for the City of Palo Alto,
provided an update on the City’s Sustainability programs and the progress
made towards meeting the City’s GHG reduction goals set by Council. The
2012 GHG emissions reduction goal for municipal operations (also called City
operations) is 20% below the 2005 baseline levels. The corresponding 2012
GHG emissions reduction goal for the entire community was set at 5% below
the 2005 baseline levels. At present, Staff estimates that emissions from City
operations could be reduced by 27% by the end of 2012, and community
emissions could be reduced by 15% by the end of 2012. These projected
reductions far exceed the goals set for 2012 and reaches the 2020 community

                                          3                             4/16/12
