                               MINUTES
AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

15a. (Former Agenda Item No. 5) Approval of a Contract with VOX Network
     Solutions for Implementation Services Relating to Installation of Avaya
     Telecommunications System.

15b. (Former Agenda Item No. 6) Approval of Purchase Order for Acquisition
      of Hewlett Packard Company Network Switching Equipment.

15c. (Former Agenda Item No. 7) Approval of a Contract with Radovich
     Crop. Dba Cal Coast Telecom for the Re-Cabling of City Facilities in
     Preparation for a Unified Communications System.

James Keene, City Manager, stated it was best to take Agenda Item Nos.
15a-15c together and to lead with a presentation from Jonathan Reichental
and the consultant.

Council Member Shepherd said that she knew that the phone system was in
distress but the three contracts were approximately $1.8 million and there
were 850 employees so the math showed it to be quite an improvement for
each desk station. She wanted to understand what it was the City was
getting, upgrading, and why the technology was necessary.

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer, stated Staff was excited to
propose replacement of the City’s telecommunications system. The current
system was 25 years old and would be replaced with a state of the art voice
over IP system. The project was sizable. The City had old and aging cabling
throughout many of its buildings so they were replacing cabling in 17
buildings. Some buildings did not need the cabling replaced because they
were new or because they were small enough that the existing cabling was
adequate. He explained that the current phone system was not adequate
and that he received many complaints from Staff about how parts of the
system did not function. He said that they would replace more than just
telephones; they were putting in a state of the art telecommunications
system that was a long term investment with significant new capabilities.
They were replacing old handsets, the infrastructure, and the switches on
each floor in every building. Those boxes supported the wireless future as
there had to be a wired background to create a wireless network. The cost
of ownership should drop the longer the City owned the system. He
explained that the current system was both expensive to maintain and
highly risky.

Chuck Vondra, Communications Strategies Founder, explained that
Communications Strategies was a 25 year old independent communications
                                                                       Page 5 of 47
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 6/4/12
