                          DRAFT MINUTES
One without the other made no sense. He asked for an explanation of the
decrease in the CalPERS contribution.

Mr. Perez explained CalPERS had not provided an estimate of the amount of
growth of the City's contribution for the outer years. Therefore, the Council
had directed Staff to use 3 percent. Because CalPERS had not made an
adjustment, the Council could reconsider that percentage. He suggested the
City use 1.5 percent as that was the current estimate.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Yeh to: 1) accept
the Long Range Financial Forecast for Fiscal Years 2012 to 2022, 2) lower
the 3 percent annual CalPERS pension increase assumption to 1.5 percent,
3) include $2.2 million per year in additional infrastructure funding
assumptions in the LRFF, and 4) remove 2 percent salary increases built into
the LRFF for labor groups.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt the 3 percent contribution for CalPERS was too
aggressive. Including the funding for infrastructure was a wise move.
Neither salary increases nor concessions should be included in the LRFF,
because the Council did not know their effects.

Mr. Keene stated the 2 percent salary increase enlarged the gap between
revenues and expenditures and contrasted the need for cost savings. Newer
employees did not have the same level or value of benefit or costs;
therefore, it may be necessary to consider paying them more to attract them
into the workforce. Somehow the Council had to maintain the dynamic
tension between revenues and expenditures. The assumptions of the Motion
were maintaining FTEs, not providing any cost of living increase, and
absorbing the benefit costs.     Any action would provide an incomplete
picture.

Mayor Yeh asked Staff to provide the ten-year cumulative deficit for the
prior three LRFFs. It was essential to include the $2.2 million expenditure
for infrastructure. Forecasts or projects were better demonstrated through
bands, because they were a range for consideration. Having LRFFs and
actuarial reports allowed Staff to integrate all data and information. He
understood the need to reflect an increase in salaries, but did not want to
assume any cost of living increase.

Mr. Perez reported a $940,000 savings if the 2 percent increase was
eliminated, using FY 2012 as a base.

Mr. Keene stated there was not a 2 percent increase in FY 2012.

                                                                        Page 18 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
