Council Member Schmid reiterated the Council had increased funding and set
a time period of ten years to be caught up with streets. He explained a
permanent tax would provide funds for catch-up for ten years, then be spent
elsewhere. He thought that would have implications for the public and make
it harder to pass a measure.

Vice Mayor Scharff suggested Policy & Services consider a sunset provision
on the tax, and that would be part of the discussion.

Mr. Perez interpreted the Report to recommend that funding after the ten-
year period be used for new items or additional needs.

Council Member Schmid indicated the term was not really catch-up, and
suggested another term could be used.

Mr. Perez responded right, after the ten years.

Council Member Price asked if the Council would have sufficient time to
perform polling, draft language around an advisory, and complete necessary
work in a cautious climate relating to taxation.

Mr. Keene thought the intent of the Motion was to start the conversation
sooner rather than later at Policy & Services. He stated there would not be
enough time, if the Council waited sequentially until June.

Council Member Price noted some of the taxing mechanisms had to be on a
General Election. She stated the parcel tax provided the greatest flexibility
in terms of when it could be considered. She expressed concern about the
Staff's ability to organize the information. She felt the Council was exploring
and implementing ideas key to the implementation of IBRC. She asked if
this discussion would include strategy relating to options and success.

Mr. Keene thought her question included the answer. He indicated if the
Committee provided a recommendation and it was adopted by the Council,
then work would include the strategic assessment of timing.

Council Member Price assumed the Policy & Services discussion would
include recognition of what the Council should not ask Staff to do in order to
manage this.

Council Member Holman stated it was critical to consider the savings which
the City was hoping to generate from other means. She thought a context
would be helpful for Policy & Services.


                                   48                    March 26, 2012
