Council Member Holman said she was aligned with the thinking about not
continuing composting for reasons stated by Council Member Schmid. She
said that she looked at the composting stacks with a Park Ranger and she
thought there was a fire, but it was the wind and dust coming off the
compost stacks. She said that the particulates in the air were really
incredible. She questioned if it was legal to continue composting on the site.

City Attorney, Molly Stump stated that the Motion as stated or the Staff
recommendation was in the range of what was lawful for the site.

Council Member Holman said that what she struggled with was how to honor
the outcome of Measure E and how to honor parkland dedication laws. She
said that she struggled with capping delay. She said that Measure E related
to 10 acres, but this would impact 51 acres. She was not in favor of
continuing compost.

Council Member Burt said that the City Attorney said that either the Staff
proposal or the Motion on the floor was permissible legally. He questioned if
it would still be legally permissible under number five as the Staff proposal
was written.

Ms. Stump said she thought one of the things the Staff would do under the
Staff recommendation as drafted would be to look at options for any type of
continuation of the windrow composting program. She did not believe that
the windrow composting could remain in its current position because the
landfill would need to be capped. She said that the landfill could not be
capped with the composting in its current position. She said that no one
proposed that it remain there for a period of months or years, so they had
not looked at that issue.

Council Member Burt asked what other sites were looked at other than the
10 acres.

Mr. Bobel said they had not looked at options other than the 10 acres.

Council Member Burt asked if composting were allowed on the 10 acres,
would they have to shut down the windrow in order to construct a Waste
Energy Facility.

Mr. Bobel said there would be sequencing and many issues.

Council Member Burt said that Vice Mayor Scharff alluded to the cost of
moving and continuing the compost. He requested a summary of the one-
                                  21                     February 6, 2012
  
