                              MINUTES
commented on proposed circulation of the project and its impact on Maybell
Avenue and Arastradero Road, particularly the nine single family dwellings
that will use Maybell Avenue for ingress/egress. Other concerns were
expressed regarding lack of public transit in the area, the “cookie cutter”
design and forward facing garages of the residences, and the uniform parcel
sizes and their compatibility with the surrounding neighborhoods. To insure
that there would not be a future increase of density on the property, a
number of Council Members preferred that PAHC submit a Planned
Community zone change rather than a zone change to Multiple Family
Residential, RM-40. Other comments included orienting the buildings to
focus on a common open space, possibly including a community garden, and
the proposed cost of the development.

Herb Borock stated the Zoning Code had a process called pre-screening that
protected the public and allowed the Council to provide non-binding
comments to applicants. That process required the same public noticing as
an application. The Council did not follow the pre-screening process the
prior week for the Police Building. He explained his understanding of the
pre-screening process. This proposed application and plans were available
in time for the process to be followed. The Council should direct the City
Manager to follow the proper procedure for pre-screening.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the minutes of June 11, 13, and 18, 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to approve Agenda Item Nos. 6-7.

6.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the City
     Auditor's Office Fiscal Year 2013 Proposed Work Plan and Risk
     Assessment.

7.   Budget Amendment Ordinance 5164 in the Amount of $250,000 to
     Capital Improvement Program Project PE-86070 to be used in the
     Alma Street Highway Safety Improvement Program (HSIP) Project;
     and Approval with Interstate Grading & Paving, Inc. In The Amount
     Not to Exceed $1,401,930 for the Alma Street HSIP Project, the 4th of

                                                                      Page 5 of 20
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 9/18/12
