                                MINUTES
neighbor to the City issue, this was a neighbor to neighbor issue, and a
neighbor to the business community issue.

Council Member Klein said that was why it was a difficult issue. He did not
understand the reference to 500 feet. He assumed that the usual block was
a tenth of a mile and therefore he was talking about a five block radius.

Mr. Rodriguez said he used 500 feet as an example.

Council Member Klein heard that neighbors had placed their own orange
cones out to indicate that people should not take a parking space in front of
their house. He asked if that was true.

Mr. Rodriguez said that happened.

Council Member Klein said that was a vigilante act and that the Police ought
to prevent people from doing that. He asked if they had any instructions to
that effect.

Mr. Williams said that he was not aware that they had reports, but they
certainly would send the Police out if they had.

Council Member Klein said that he did not want to encourage people taking
the law into their own hands. He said that there were various comments
about how everyone had equal access to the streets and he agreed with
that, but did not think that the question was one of Constitutional law. He
accepted the idea that the US Supreme Court told cities they could restrict
parking in one area of town compared to others. He said there needed to be
a compelling reason for different rules form one neighborhood to another.
That was why he asked the questions about if there was really a problem.
He asked why residents were not charged under the pilot project.

Mr. Williams said that they were charging for more than one vehicle, but
were not charging for the first vehicle. Staff wanted to see if residents had
unlimited access to the streets what kind of load that meant for the street.
Staff kept hearing comments about the nonresidential vehicles occupying all
the streets and residents not having places to park their cars. Making it
easy for the residents for at least the first vehicle in the trial was something
that allowed Staff to better visualize the potential balance between the
residential and nonresidential use of the street.

Council Member Klein said he read that, but he still did not understand. It
seemed that it would be a better test if they charged for the first car
because presumably that was what would happen if they adopted a
                                                                          Page 26 of 47
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 7/16/12
