                                MINUTES
correct. In these three instances, which were the bulk of expenditure
reductions, the City could accommodate staffing reductions.

Council Member Price recalled a Public Safety key performance measure was
response time. She asked how the change in service delivery model would
be addressed for FY 2014.

Mr. Keene stated information in the Proposed Budget was a summary
compared to information in the detailed response time analysis. Staff
monitored these key performance measures and would specifically monitor
this particular case. Staff expected the changes to be small enough that
there would be only a small difference in what would occur naturally across
the Department. Only one or two particular changes were being made, and
those were manageable.

Council Member Price asked Staff to briefly address efforts being made to
accelerate filling the vacancies in Public Safety.

Ron Watson, Police Captain, reported Chief Burns had recently hired two
lateral police officers and four new police officers. The lateral officers could
be on the street within four months, and the new officers would begin the
Police Academy in a few weeks.

Vice Mayor Scharff closed the discussion of Stanford-related Agenda Items.

Mayor Yeh reconvened the full Council.

Council Member Klein noted a statement in the FC Minutes that issues
decided in previous years were not open for discussion in the current year.
That should not be a rule for the following year.

Council Member Shepherd indicated that was not a rule, but a preference to
wait for the Cost of Service Study. Staff would return to the FC with the
team performing the Study to review the methodology. The FC would
consider all services in detail when the Study was made available.

Council Member Burt reported Staff clarified for the FC that many
considerations would be informed by the Cost of Service Study. The FC
discussed the methodology of the Cost of Service Study and how the Study
would be used for the FY 2014 Budget.


                                                                          Page 13 of 25
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 6/11/12
