                               MINUTES
area was more than four times the project’s site area. The FAR of the
proposed project was three times the FAR of 395 Page Mill Road. He
believed the denial of the project should make reference to the fact that a
mixed use concession was not allowed because the .48 R&D was not
compatible and the project violated the Comprehensive Plan because it was
incompatible with the project across the street which had an FAR of one
third the amount.

Mayor Yeh closed the Public Hearing at 9:46 P.M.

Council Member Holman thought what was challenging about the project was
that it was a site with many opportunities.

Mayor Yeh interrupted Council Member Holman to provide the Appellant
three minutes to respond to the points raised in the Public Hearing.

Mr. Moss disagreed that the project met the requirements of CEQA. He read
the remainder of Judge Nichol’s ruling, stating that “Under Public Resources
Code 2168.9b, this Court will retain jurisdiction over the City’s proceedings
by way of a return of this preemptory writ of mandate until the Court has
determined that the City has complied with the provisions of CEQA.” He said
that in order to approve the project or anything similar the City had to make
a finding that it complied with CEQA and submit the justifications to the
Court at which time he would submit his objections. He said that when Mr.
Jans stated that the Judge rejected everything except the procedural matter,
what the Judge actually said was because the procedural matter was so
obviously false the others issues were irrelevant and moot. The Judge never
decided on those issues. He also emphasized that when the case went to
court the toxics issues were not discussed. When it returned to Court, they
would be discussed. The City had no way of regulating what was done by
the owner of the property to measure vapor intrusion and verify that
everything was fine. One of the dangers of the proposal was that when they
measured vapor intrusion in the garage they could report to the City that the
garage was fine. He explained the toxic levels allowed in the garage were
six times higher than what was allowed in the residential area. In the
residential area exposure for as little as three weeks would probably cause
birth defects. Exposure in the garage or in an industrial area could go on for
years. The response to the testing could be positive, but they would only be
referring to an area which was not inhabited and was governed by a looser
requirement. He said that the Council could allow housing on the site
provided that there was no underground garage and if the density was
reduced accordingly so that there would be adequate parking. There were
ways the City could mitigate the potential dangers of vapor intrusion. If the

                                                                        Page 33 of 47
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 6/4/12
