    that short linkage between San Antonio and Fabian Way, primarily to retain
    those uses on a small scale with particular attention paid to the Fairchild
    Building; and then overall to improve bicycle and pedestrian circulation
    throughout the area. He indicated he would next discuss each subarea and
    those overall goals and strategies. In the East Meadow/Fabian Way/West
    Bayshore area, Staff was reviewing strategies to retain, enhance and attract
    high-end R&D and Light Industrial uses in order to provide incentives for
    redevelopment; to assure a successful transition that didn't impact the
    existing neighborhoods; to focus development more towards the Highway
    101/Bayshore Freeway and West Bayshore area. He stated one of the
    strategies outlined in the Plan was to allow some increased intensity in
    development as most of the area currently was allowed a 0.4 to 0.5 Floor
    Area Ration (FAR) and was underdeveloped. He reported Staff wanted to
    allow some increase in that intensity overall for transition purposes, but had
    to determine the amount of increase based on traffic analysis to be
    performed in an Environmental Impact Report (EIR). He noted Staff had
    provided a range of densities to review in the EIR to determine a specific
    figure. Staff wanted to focus higher intensity development away from
    residential areas and closer to Highway 101. He stated the center of the
    East Meadow Circle, the areas along West Bayshore, the areas near Meadow
    and Fabian all had some potential for that kind of increase. He explained
    Staff had talked to the P&TC about a number of techniques to allow transfer
    of development intensity by working with the property owners, and then
    Staff would determine specific criteria to present to the Council as part of
    the zoning implementation of this Plan. Staff had included language in the
    Policies to prohibit incompatible uses, in particular Housing. Staff was not
    proposing any housing, daycares, or school uses in this area in that it
    tended to discourage further investment in the Research and Development
    and Office type of uses; however, P&TC did ultimately concur with allowing
    for some limited school uses along Fabian Way with a CUP. Staff had had
    discussions with Loral, which was very important to Palo Alto's economy.
    He reported they were interested in staying in Palo Alto and expanding.
    Staff thought these changes would help support that activity at Loral. He
    indicated the south of San Antonio area contained 26 acres of very small
    parcels; he thought approximately 75 different parcels. He stated the
    Commission's and Staff's recommendation was to provide an opportunity for
    owners to consolidate parcels and to propose larger scale development to
    generate revenue and enhance the streetscape along Charleston Road,
    whether along the frontage or on internal roadways. He noted the area was
    adjacent to the Charleston Plaza area in Mountain View, where big box
    retailers were currently located. Staff would consider increased intensity
    focused specifically on those kinds of uses, but would evaluate the traffic
    impacts of those uses and intensities in the EIR before making a final
    recommendation on specific Floor Area Ratios and other criteria. He noted
    the EIR would specifically analyze options such as a retail center, a hotel
                                    5                   February 13, 2012 
 
