making its actual value $930,000. There were two choices 1) put $930,000
into CalPERS today or 2) put $1 million into CalPERS one year from today.
Either of those options would earn the City the 7.25 percent interest. His
understanding of the recommendation by Council Member Klein was the City
was not going to contribute the $930,000 and was going to pay 4 percent
interest on the $930,000 and somehow that transaction would accumulate to
$1 million.

Council Member Klein presented the situation as the City owed $1 million;
the question was how much would that $1 million grow to in a year at 7
percent and why was it not calculated in the same manner as when an
individual borrowed money from a bank.

Mr. Bartel said the misunderstanding was the money was not being
borrowed from anyone, so the analogy did not work. The reality was the City
was borrowing money from the plan. The plan was saying if you want to use
an expected return of four percent than the un-funded liability would be
substantially higher because there was going to be less interest earned.

Council Member Klein said the bank was a potential lender.

Mr. Bartel said that was correct, or there was someone who would loan the
City the money at a reasonable interest rate.

Council Member Klein was aware with the City’s current credit rating an
amount of money could be borrowed at a four to four and a half percent
interest. The benchmark was if it was necessary to borrow money, it was
possible to do so at an amount substantially less than the discount rate
being used.

Mr. Bartel noted four percent was a tax advantaged interest rate so if there
was money borrowed against the debt he did not believe it could be at a tax
advantaged rate. The City could not receive the arbitrage unless they
actually borrowed money from a lender. The caveat was if the money was
borrowed and contributed to CalPERS there would be a significantly greater
than zero risk that CalPERS investments would earn less than what was
being paid on the debt service.

Council Member Klein agreed there would always be a risk with arbitrage.

Mr. Bartel said the issue became whether the risk was an appropriate one for
the City and the taxpayers.

Council Member Holman asked as the City looked forward at increased
medical costs and rates of returns that were less how municipalities would
look at addressing retiree benefits.

                                    17                          01/30/2012
