successful shopping center. The Edgewood Plaza Project was recommended
by the Planning & Transportation Commission (PTC), Architectural Review
Board (ARB) and Historic Resources Board (HRB). She noted representatives
from those Commissions and Boards were present to summarize their
reviews. The Project included renovation of and adjustment to the Eichler
Shopping Center, the provision of ten detached homes and a small park. The
park would be made public via public access easements, and would be
maintained by the commercial property owner. Building 1 would be relocated
and rehabilitated and Building 2 would be rehabilitated in place. The Project's
public benefits included preservation and rehabilitation, reopening of the
20,000-square-foot grocery store, electric vehicle charging stations and the
park. The public benefits were detailed in the Ordinance, Attachment B to the
Report, and were recommended for Council approval.               The Ordinance
addressed both the rezone and the tentative map as recommended by Staff
and the PTC. The Conditions of Approval, Exhibit B, were inadvertently
omitted from the Packet. There were 174 Conditions of Approval, 170 of
which were presented to the PTC, and they were located on pages 530 to 557
of the Packet. She noted three additional Conditions on page 3 of Staff
Report 2262, and a condition requiring HRB review of the modified historic
sign for the center. The Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR) was
forwarded to Council more than three weeks ago on February 21 for
consideration, and the first amendment was sent to Council about two weeks
ago on March 5. There were no overriding considerations needed for Project
approval, including the approval of modifications to the historic resources.
She indicated Council approval of the attached Resolution, Attachment A to
the Report, would certify both the FEIR and the amendment to the FEIR,
which were also recommended by the PTC and HRB. She reported the Council
had a memo from Staff regarding a March 14 memo from the State
Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) on the FEIR regarding soil
removal and soil, gas and groundwater remediation associated with the dry
cleaner in Building 1. She said no new impacts had been identified by the
DTSC. She indicated mitigation measures from the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) were included as approval conditions in attachments to the PTC
Report; Conditions 53 through 57 were specifically related to soil removal and
soil, gas and groundwater remediation. The at-places memo contained two
additional approval conditions (Conditions 173 and 174) to refine Conditions
53 through 57, and the DTSC supported inclusion of these approval conditions
as they address their concerns. Condition 173 required removal of
contaminated soil to be undertaken in coordination with appropriate state and
federal agencies, and required the site to be treated in conformance with the
standards of the Regional Water Quality Control Board. Condition 174 required
the underground utility plan to be reviewed by Staff of Fire, Utilities and Public
Works along with professional geologists or civil engineers to ensure the
undergrounding of utilities would not cause soil vapor migration. She noted
the shopping center was eligible for listing on local, state and federal historic
registers. She indicated rehabilitation of the two buildings having historic

                                             14                     03/19/2012
