wireless installations. He believed this information was substantial evidence
for a successful lawsuit under the California Environmental Quality Act. He
commented on appellants who could file such a lawsuit.

Jan Reimer commented on poor cell phone service and supported approval
of the proposal.

Leon Beauchman supported the process of the ARB and Staff and
appreciated its thoroughness.    He stated the Wireless Communications
Initiative was focused on making the Silicon Valley the first 4G region;
however, only one city had 4G coverage.

Ken Allen felt alternatives to cell phone coverage were needed in terms of
capacity and competition. He indicated all carriers were needed to prevent
overloaded capacities. He supported moving the pole location from 1880
Park Boulevard.

Stephany Munoz agreed with the previous speaker regarding federal and
state governments pre-empting individual rights.      She commented on
required contracts with cell phone carriers. She did not support granting a
Conditional Use Permit.

Jean Wilcox was concerned about the possible noise from the equipment.
She did not want AT&T installing noisy equipment on a pole located in her
backyard. She asked that the Council not grant AT&T permission to install
equipment on residents' property in neighborhoods unless AT&T removed
the noisy fans.

Lynn Brown indicated the Community's role was to protect itself from being
exploited from AT&T's profits.   She said all poles were ugly, but the
discussion concerned which pole was less offensive. She felt the City was
moving backwards by locating antennas on the poles.

Ms. Rantz suggested residents form a group to possibly assist the City
should it become involved in a lawsuit and to research cell tower technology.

Mr. Maltzman felt AT&T had been disingenuous throughout the project. He
said AT&T's notices did not explain the project and its implications. He
suggested the City should condition its approval of antennas on AT&T
agreeing to allow undergrounding of utilities. He again suggested AT&T take
volunteers for placement of the antennas.



                                  21                   January 23, 2012
 
