                                 MINUTES

Council Member Holman explained the Comprehensive Plan was not zoning
regulations or prescriptive; it was vision. Many comments referenced
elements of the Comprehensive Plan and Rail Corridor Task Force
recommendations.

Vice Mayor Scharff felt inclusion of the language limited possible plans for
the site.

Council Member Holman said a basis of adopted City policy was needed.

Council Member Burt indicated the Council did not want to be prescriptive,
but did want to be informed by policy.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the language “being informed by the
Comprehensive Plan, Rail Corridor Task Force recommendations, and the
Dream Team vision” to “being informed by although not prescribed by the
Comprehensive Plan, Rail Corridor Task Force recommendations, and the
Dream Team vision.”

Council Member Burt stated the existing            guidelines   should    be     the
foundation; although, they could be modified.

Council Member Holman would accept the Amendment. The important point
was to be informed by those policies.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted Council Member Schmid's comments regarding
inclusion of residential space, but felt that was not appropriate for the site at
the current time.         Council should consider an office-retail-theatre
component.

Mr. Keene did not believe Council Member Schmid's comments were a
Motion.

Council Member Burt agreed the comments were not a Motion.

Council Member Burt presumed the Council would further discussion when
Staff returned with a presentation.

Council Member Schmid recalled that the Council had voted to exceed the
50-foot height limit only when projects included housing located near transit
                                                                          Page 31 of 32
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 12/3/12
