Mr. Fehrenbach replied he had conceptual discussions with several auto
dealers regarding this particular site.

Mr. Keene thought anything that could happen would be on a small scale in
this area. He indicated a different kind of configuration would be needed for
more than one auto dealer.        He stated an auto dealer could have a
showroom on this site and the other facilities at a different location. He
explained if the MSC site was reconfigured to free up some land, there could
be room for a second auto dealer, but Palo Alto would never have an auto
row with ten dealers.

Council Member Espinosa asked for Staff's thoughts on what would happen if
the Council did not move in this direction with Anderson Honda.

Mr. Fehrenbach thought there was a significant chance Palo Alto would lose
Anderson Honda to another city, where it could have freeway visibility.

Council Member Espinosa inquired if there were other dealerships in Palo
Alto where Staff had that same concern.

Mr. Fehrenbach replied not to the same extent. He stated the grow-in-place
model with the types of products that others were selling had been relatively
successful. He thought it was an ongoing fluid issue, and he did not have
the same level of concern with others.

Council Member Espinosa said he had spoken with many dealership owners
and had real concerns about how aggressive the City had been and how
aggressive it needed to be in working to keep businesses. He noted it was a
significant revenue base for the City, when the Council was discussing
scaling back services. He thought this was a clear revenue source that the
Council needed to do everything it could to keep, if not attract more. He
asked if there was a process for the Council to study the conduciveness of an
auto row with parkland and with adjacent community uses.

Mr. Keene stated the question was about the interrelationship with the
parkland issues and planning issues related to the auto dealers.

Steve Emslie, Deputy City Manager explained all the areas adjacent to the
Baylands were included in the Baylands Master Plan, and were subject to
higher levels of architectural review and scrutiny. He indicated all the
properties were within the D overlay, which was a higher level of design
review that passed through both the Architectural Review Board and the City
Council. He noted everything automatically would be presented to the

                                  19                    March 26, 2012
