                               MINUTES

Council Member Holman did not participate in Agenda Item No.4 as she has
ownership in the Palo Alto Hills Golf and Country Club.

The City Council reconvened from the Closed Sessions at 7:16 P.M. and
Mayor Yeh announced no reportable action.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

5.   Proclamation Recognizing World Music Day

Council Member Espinosa read the Proclamation into the record.

Claude Ezran thanked the Mayor and City Council for the Proclamation. He
invited everyone to the event scheduled for Sunday, June 17, 2012,
3:00 P.M. to 7:30 P.M. on University Avenue. He also thanked City Staff for
their work and support.       He recognized supporters, sponsors, and
volunteers.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jeffrey Sun, Gunn High School Robotics Team reported the team was a
group of 50 students who built a robot in six weeks. The robot shot
basketballs at hoops, and placed 21st out of 100 at the national competition.
The team worked with fifth graders from Juana Briones or Barron Park
Elementary School to create and manufacture mechanisms for a haunted
house. They also worked with a group of 8 year olds to build a Lego robot,
which won sixth place in regional competition. He reported on an animation
project which won first place at the national championship, for the third
consecutive year. He thanked Palo Alto Partners in Education for providing
funds for the team.

Mayor Yeh congratulated the team on their success.

Allison Beers, President and Founder of the Pinewood Philanthropy Club in
Los Altos presented Animal Services with a $1,500 check.

Aram James recalled on May 7, 2012 the City Council approved a revision to
a statute regarding regulation of behavior on City property. This statute was
drafted to prohibit protected First Amendment speech.

Omar Chatty reported another person had been killed on Caltrain at a grade
crossing. He recommended use of Bay Area Rapid Transit in the corridor
                                                                         Page 2 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 6/11/12
