                               MINUTES
The problem was implementing the Plan; only 15 percent of the previous
Plan was built. He asked the Council to appropriate at least $1.5 million per
year to implement the Plan, and to direct Staff to provide a status update
every six months.

Pam Radin looked forward to implementation of the Plan. She thanked Staff
for answering her questions and preparing a good Plan.

William Robinson stated PABAC was pleased to be involved with the project
and would remain involved. PABAC provided free services to the City, and
wished to continue providing these services. Improvements should be made
in areas of use.

Irvin Dawid indicated the most important element was funding. He hoped
the Council emphasized infrastructure improvements, and one of the easiest
was bicycle parking. He urged the Council to be innovative. Cycling and
walking benefited public health.

Penny Ellson agreed with Mr. Neff's comments regarding elements of the
Plan. She thanked Staff for their outreach to the City School Traffic Safety
Committee and for integrating the values of Safe Routes to School. She
asked the Council to approve and fund the Plan.

Omar Chatty stated completing the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) corridor
would complement bike trails. The City could negotiate funding with BART.

Public Hearing closed at 8:16 P.M.

Council Member Price noted many funding options were outlined, and asked
if Staff was being aggressive in pursuing grants.

Mr. Rodriguez advised Staff had not been aggressive enough, because they
were focused on developing the Plan. Staff was aware of grant opportunities
through the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC), and the Federal Government. The Santa
Clara County Board of Supervisors scheduled a meeting in August 2012 to
consider funds from the Stanford Mitigation Fund.

Council Member Price inquired how Staff could be more aggressive.

Mr. Rodriguez felt Staff resources were limited with regard to writing grants
and managing the projects. Staff had written four Requests for Proposals
(RFP) for projects in the current fiscal year, but had not released the RFPs
because of Staff limitations.


07-09-2012                                                            111-153
