                      DRAFT MINUTES
reflect positively on everyone if it was done properly. She asked
if there was a way to address it and a timeline for it if there was
interest in a joint document.

Mr. Keene said he thought that the idea for the Guiding Principles
was to have them available at the start of the committee process.
He said it could have been done many ways, but he thought this
way was the most effective. He suggested that from the existing
CPAC that the Mayor could appoint several members to do so. He
said that seemed easier than nine Council Members and five
Board Members attempting to work through them. He said Staff
wanted to put something forward and get the Council’s comments
then they may need a reconciliation committee to work through
the Guiding Principles.

Council Member Price said that they should do whatever was
expedient. She asked if she could discuss items to be considered
and discussed by the committee.

Mayor Yeh said she could address that during overall comments.
He said that there were edits suggested to the Guiding Principles,
and asked if Council wanted to go through each and propose
changes.

Council Member Shepherd appreciated her colleague’s questions
and thought the Guiding Principles were great. She was very
pleased that PAUSD was also looking at the Guiding Principles.
She noted that they had used Guiding Principles with High Speed
Rail, which was very controversial and they had changed them
twice. She said she wanted to add a Guiding Principle Number 16
with the following proposed wording: “As the process moves
forward and interests become better focused, the CPAC shall
bring forward changes to both bodies that will revise and update
these principles.”

Mayor Yeh heard her point and said that they had the opportunity
to go through each Guiding Principle for revisions and then they
                                                                   Page 54 of 73
                                                    City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes 4/9/12
