                               MINUTES
Omar Chatty was a transportation activist and concerned about gas taxes
and funding of roads and transit. He supported the electric vehicle charging
stations, and wondered if there would be taxes or costs on that service. He
requested the Council consider an analysis of automobile-based revenues
and their use to support infrastructure.

Bob Moss felt there would be many measures on the ballot in 2012. That
was another reason Council elections should have remained in odd years.
Infrastructure had been underfunded for decades. He suggested three items
for the ballot in 2014: 1) a $50 million to $60 million capital improvement
bond for Public Safety facilities; 2) increasing the document transfer tax;
and, 3) a business license tax. These measures would allow the City to
catch-up infrastructure needs and renovate Public Safety facilities.

MOTION: Council Member Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to accept Policy & Services Committee recommendation to: 1) not
place a bond measure or other revenue measure on the November 2012
general election; 2) direct Staff to start planning for a 2014 election; 3)
direct Staff to develop a detailed plan and timeline for a 2014 election to
include financial considerations, identification of potential assets to be
constructed or remodeled, appropriate polling and identification of potential
revenue sources, and to bring the plan and timeline to Council for approval
by September 1, 2012; and 4) direct Staff to include identification of
potential projects and the estimated costs as the first task accomplished
under the timeline.

Council Member Shepherd stated elections and ballot initiatives were
difficult. The four steps recommended by P&SC was the correct way for the
City to operate. Staff would need all of the time to prepare for an initiative
in 2014.

Council Member Price said this was an ongoing critical discussion. She
agreed with deferring ballot measures to 2014. It was critical for this
combination of a potential bond measure and other revenue enhancements
to be successful. She concurred with Mr. Moss's comments regarding
options for increased revenue.     She looked forward to a successful
campaign.

Council Member Holman indicated the Council would receive and evaluate
the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC) Report, and analyze,
strategize, and implement it for a launch of infrastructure.       It was
understood within the Motion that Staff would present to the Council an
evaluation and cost analysis of Capital Improvement Program (CIP) projects
reviewed by the IBRC.
                                                                        Page 20 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/21/12
