                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt reported outside consultants had been used in the past
to draft plans. He assumed when Staff returned with a Master Plan, they
would report on the process to be used and the resources they would need.

Council Member Holman agreed. She asked Staff if they would also report
necessary expenditures when they returned with a plan for proceeding under
the guidelines.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Council Member Holman felt the building should be a landmark if it exceeded
the 50-foot height limit. The vast majority of buildings exceeding 50 feet in
Palo Alto were constructed in the 1960s and 1970s. Architecture of that
period was the basis for Palo Alto's 50-foot height limit.

Council Member Espinosa suggested the Motion should include intermodal
transportation design as an anchor to the Master Plan, just as theatre design
was an anchor. He wanted to ensure the Master Plan incorporated that.

Council Member Burt agreed that intermodal design should be incorporated
as part of the process.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add the Master Plan would use the circulation
and intermodal design work to date as a basis for the plan going forward.

Council Member Holman was uncomfortable with the language "to date."

Council Member Burt asked Council Member Holman to state her concern.

Council Member Holman agreed with use of design work as the foundation
for a plan going forward, but not the work done to date.

Council Member Burt inquired why she disagreed with the work done to
date.

Council Member Holman was not confident that it was the most appropriate
design work.

Council Member Burt did not want to limit the Council.

Council Member Espinosa agreed.


                                                                       Page 28 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 12/3/12
