                               MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Wynn Grcich suggested the community post comments on the internet
against fluoridation of water supplies. She noted radiation from nuclear
power plants caused breast cancer.

Stephanie Munoz stated municipalities forced people out of their homes
through zoning and permit processes. The Council should think about low-
income housing.

Tony Kramer stated he had sent a letter to the City Manager regarding
enforcement of the Palo Alto Noise Ordinance with respect to AT&T DAS
equipment.     There was some controversy as to the Noise Ordinance;
therefore, he asked the City Manager to provide clarity.

Andrew Boone was impressed by Ms. Fletcher's comments at Bicycle
Advisory Committee meetings. He interviewed Ms. Fletcher regarding the
origins of bike lanes. She inspired him to make his voice heard. Her vision
was a network of streets with bike lanes.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Mayor Yeh moved, seconded by Council Member Shepherd to
move Agenda Item Number 7 “Adoption of Resolution of Intent to Fix the
Employer's Contribution Under the Public Employee's Medical and Hospital
Care Act with Respect to Members of the Palo Alto Police Officers Association
and Rescinding Resolution No. 8896” to be heard at a date uncertain.

7.   Adoption of Resolution of Intent to Fix the Employer's Contribution
     Under the Public Employee's Medical and Hospital Care Act with
     Respect to Members of the Palo Alto Police Officers Association and
     Rescinding Resolution No. 8896.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff Absent

MOTION: Council Member Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-6.

4.   Approval of a Naming Recognition Plan for Designated Play Zones at
     the Magical Bridge Playground for Individuals or Businesses that
     Contribute at Least $200,000 per Zone.

5.   Approval of an Extension of the Term of Contract with SAIC Energy,
     Environment & Infrastructure, LLC to August 28, 2013.
                                                                        Page 4 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/19/12
