                               MINUTES
9.   Adoption of Budget Amendment Ordinance 5171 and Approval of a
     Loan Request from Palo Alto Housing Corporation in the Amount of
     $3,220,220 for the Acquisition of 567-595 Maybell Avenue and Provide
     Direction to Staff to Extend a $2.6 Million Short Term Loan (continued
     from November 13, 2012).

Curtis Williams, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported the
Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC) requested a loan of $3,220,220 for
acquisition of a 2.46 acre parcel on Maybell Avenue. The overall sales price
was approximately $16 million. The City would be one of the funding
sources for the land acquisition, along with some private lenders and Santa
Clara County.     The Council saw an initial draft of the project at the
September 2012 study session. Council comments were incorporated into
the design plans and submitted for review. The initial proposal included 60
affordable senior rental housing units and 15 market rate units. Affordable
units were affordable to low, very low and extremely low income households.
The market rate units would be used to help buy down other development
costs. The total development costs were estimated at $21.2 million. Loan
terms were the standard 3 percent, 55-year, residual receipts. Funds for the
City's loan of more than $3 million would be comprised of $1 million from
the Residential Housing Fund, $1.5 million from the Commercial Housing
Fund, and more than $700,000 from the Infrastructure, Sustainable
Neighborhoods and Communities and Affordable Housing Fund of the
Stanford University Medical Center Development Agreement. Of the amount
submitted, $1.7 million was dedicated to affordable housing funding. Staff
recommended the Council adopt the Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) to
support the loan and authorize the City Manager to execute the development
agreements and other documents. In the future, Staff would return with the
regulatory agreement associated with the project. The Council, the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and Architectural Review Board
(ARB) would review the project through the rezoning process and site and
design process. Staff originally hoped to fund the entire $5.8 million request
for the project; however, some funding was not available. Staff requested
Council direction regarding a BAO to use $2.5 million from the Stanford
Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods and Communities and Affordable
Housing Fund as a short-term loan for two years with a one-year extension
option to help meet the funding commitments for PAHC. PAHC possibly
could obtain funding elsewhere; however, that action would probably
jeopardize its chances to receive tax credit financing from the State. Over
the next few years, the City would receive funds either from the settlement
of litigation or through project fees sufficient to cover that amount and
would reimburse the Stanford funds. If the Council approved, Staff would
return with a short-term loan agreement for funding, and later return with
the regulatory agreement to be executed before construction.
                                                                        Page 10 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/19/12
