General Municipal Election meant those were dates that members of the City
Council were standing for election. She stated that was important because
certain types of revenue measures needed to be placed only on those types
of elections. Staff had included in this chart for the Council's information
dates available for all Mail Ballot Elections; these would be items where
there would not be polling places. She understood this procedure hadn't
been used in Palo Alto, but Staff wanted to provide this list of dates. She
indicated there were complex regulations about the types of matters that
could be placed on these types of elections. If the Council had interest in
considering an all Mail Ballot Election, then Staff would provide a more
detailed briefing on those rules. She noted the second tool Staff had
prepared was a high-level chart of the major finance tools that had been
listed and discussed by the IBRC. With respect to elections, these finance
tools fell into three general categories. The first category was General Taxes
which, under the State Constitution, must be voted on at a General
Municipal Election, November 2012 and November 2014, and could be
adopted by a majority of the voters, 50 percent of votes cast plus one or
more. The second category was funding mechanisms that required voter
approval, were not limited to General Municipal Elections, and carried a two-
thirds voter approval requirement, 66 2/3 percent of the votes cast must be
in favor of the measure for it to pass. The third category was financing
mechanisms available to the City through Council action and didn't require
voter approval. She explained General Obligation Bonds were Property Tax
based assessments and varied based on the assessed value of properties
within the jurisdiction. She reported those were not required to be on a
General Municipal Election, giving the City flexibility in using the election
dates listed on the prior exhibit. She noted they did require two-thirds
approval to pass. She indicated Parcel Taxes were similar except that they
did not vary in their percentage based on the assessed value of the parcel;
they were flat assessed per parcel. She stated the IBRC Report discussed a
potential Sales Tax, and said 3/8ths was one way to structure that. This
could be structured as a General Tax, which meant it would be assessed for
general municipal purposes.        She noted often these were paired with
advisory measures that allowed the voters to express their preference that
the tax be used for a particular purpose. If the tax were actually defined,
limited and structured for a particular purpose, it would likely be a Special
Tax which placed it in the category of needing two-thirds voter approval.
She reported Certificates of Participation did not require voter approval. She
explained this was a funding mechanism where the City securitized an
identified revenue stream and was able to do that through a Council Action.
She indicated Utility Revenue Bonds were similar, but they were limited to
the Utility Fund purpose against which they were secured. She stated a
Utility User Tax was a General Tax assessed on utility charges. Because it
was a General Tax similar to the Sales Tax, the Council would need a
General Municipal Election and a simple majority to approve. A Business
                                  19                   January 21, 2012 
 
