                               MINUTES
Voting For Michael Alcheck:        Burt, Espinosa,    Klein,   Price,    Scharff,
                                   Shepherd

Voting For Susan Fineberg:         Holman, Schmid, Yeh

Voting For Doria Summa:

Voting For Mark Weiss:

Voting For Henry Wong:

Donna Grider, City Clerk, announced that Michael Alcheck with 6 votes was
appointed to one unexpired term ending on July 31, 2013.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported on two items. In early 2012 the City
announced the goal of providing an open data platform, which would make
local government more inclusive and transparent. He announced that on
August 1, 2012, the first phase of the initiative would go live. The City open
data platform would enable City Staff to post valuable data sets online in a
highly useable format which would allow residents and programmers to work
with the compiled data. Palo Alto was one of the first cities in the United
States implementing the open data capability and people interested could
visit data.cityofpaloalto.org. He also announced there would be an online
survey regarding backflow. State law mandated the City survey 100 percent
of its utility customers about their possible need for backflow prevention
devices on their water lines. He said that if customers needed a backflow
prevention device Utilities Staff would provide information which would assist
them in purchasing and testing the devices. He explained that survey letters
would go out in batches over the next few months with the goal of all
residential account holders being surveyed by the end of 2012.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Lisa Hendrickson spoke regarding the Avenidas Successful Aging Celebration
scheduled for Saturday, July 28, 2012. She said that Avenidas’ vision was to
make Palo Alto one of the best communities in the country in which to grow
old. Avenidas worked through a number of programs and activities that
helped people age in the community. Avenidas Village recently entered into
a partnership with the Palo Alto Medical Foundation (PAMF) to coordinate
care and resources for the community’s older adults. The Successful Aging
Celebration was to showcase that partnership. The event was from 11:00

                                                                          Page 2 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 7/23/12
