                                MINUTES
ACTION ITEMS

18.   Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Members
      Holman and Schmid Regarding Re-evaluation of Ground Floor Retail
      Protections in the Downtown Commercial District.

Vice Mayor Scharff recalled in 2009 the Council determined the matter of
Ground Floor Retail Protections in the Downtown Commercial District should
return for further discussion at a later time.      The office market was
incredibly strong and there was strong economic pressure to convert retail
space to office space. The Council needed to consider where retail space
could be lost in Downtown. The primary corridor of concern was Emerson
Street and it needed to be protected quickly. The Council also needed to
review the flow of retail in Downtown. Retail business worked best when the
flow was not broken by a non-retail use. He wanted to review non-
conforming uses on University Avenue that interrupted the flow. There were
other broader issues that needed to be examined but they were not as
pressing. The near-term issue was protecting areas where retail space could
be lost.

Council Member Holman reported in 2009 she did not support the conversion
of zoning to remove ground floor retail protections. The interruption of retail
and service businesses was detrimental to the retail environment and the
tax base. The block bordered by Hamilton Avenue and Forest Avenue did
not have ground floor protections and connected the Downtown District with
the South of Forest Avenue Phase II (SOFA II) District. The Council needed
to focus changes to provide ground floor protections there. Adjacency was
critical to retail and service businesses. In attempting to connect University
Avenue and the Downtown District to the Stanford community, the Council
needed retail and service businesses that attracted people. Some non-
conforming uses should be reviewed.

Council Member Schmid indicated the prior discussion of the issue occurred
during a recession. Retail space was currently performing well throughout
the Downtown area. Because commercial office space was performing
better than retail space, there was an economic incentive to create or
transform retail space into commercial space. The number of housing units
expected from the Downtown area was a small portion of the total number
of units for Palo Alto. With services and mass transit located nearby
Downtown should be a center point of mixed uses. In exchange for the
tremendous economic benefit given to the community there should be some
public benefit. It made sense to enhance the vitality of the district by
protecting ground floor retail.

                                                                          Page 9 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 11/5/12
