                               MINUTES
certain period of time.

Mr. Keene reported Staff's concept was the City would own the building.
There could be some shared parking to increase cost effectiveness and
efficiencies.

Mayor Yeh wanted to understand the land block in the public-private option.
He assumed the City would be interested in purchasing the building and not
the land. He asked for an explanation of the $9 million.

Mr. Keene agreed the Council should have a study session before the recess.
Staff was not prepared to discuss this as a project, but as a concept. Staff
provided basic information to the developer, and the developer
acknowledged its offer was preliminary.

Mayor Yeh inquired whether the study session would pertain to this one site
only or would it be open to sites proposed by other potential public-private
partnerships.

Mr. Keene understood the applicant was interested in working with the City,
but was not compelled to do so. He viewed the proposal as an invitation for
the Council to consider the project.

Mayor Yeh asked Council Members for their opinions of placing a study
session on the Agenda before the recess and continuing another Item from
the Agenda.

Council Member Burt expressed concerns about the Council responding to
one proposal without hearing alternatives that could be as good or better.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Burt. She wanted to
know which Agenda Item would be continued.

Council Member Klein suggested finding an additional time to hold the study
session rather than continuing an Item.

Council Member Holman asked whether Staff would have time to prepare an
adequate report.

Mr. Williams reported the Agenda for July 2, 2012 included compost and
treatment plant facilities plan; July 9, 2012 included the Housing Element
and the Bicycle Pedestrian Plan; July 16, 2012 included the Downtown
parking study and Professorville Residential Permit Parking; and July 23,
2012 included the California Avenue streetscape design project.
                                                                      Page 14 of 21
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 6/13/12
