                          DRAFT MINUTES

Mr. Perez indicated she was correct. The employee contribution had been
very small, and the Council would change that.      The share for Fire
Department employees was 9 percent, and Staff was working to make the
percentage standard for all employees.

Council Member Shepherd stated the LRFF helped the Council understand
where the City was going by understanding the current position. Animal
Services was a prime example for understanding the problem with the
Budget. The Council never captured the legacy of those 13 FTEs who rolled
into pension. The City was not collecting that portion of Animal Services
costs, but was collecting only actual expenses. The Council needed to
consider actual costs to understand the Budget problems.

Mr. Perez reported the City had a continuing obligation for retiree pension
and healthcare costs when a City service was eliminated or outsourced.

Mr. Keene indicated the City's obligation increased as employees continued
to work and to increase their benefit.

Mr. Perez stated the cost savings was not straightforward because some
costs continued.

Mr. Keene said an increasing cost trajectory resulted in an ever-widening
funding gap. The Council needed to project costs ahead. As the Council
closed the funding gap, future costs would continue to grow faster than
revenues.

Council Member Shepherd stated understanding the full costs helped her to
make wise decisions.       The community needed to assist public-private
partnerships in order to retain City services. She was considering the legacy
of services and costs to make funding decisions.

Council Member Holman stated one challenge was responsibility versus
compassion. Some comments referred to the need for State reform, and
there had been some movements in that direction. She asked Staff if the
positions to be eliminated were logical reductions from a performance
standpoint.

Mr. Perez noted five positions in the Library Department and 13 positions in
Public Safety were being frozen. Because Staff wanted to see the effects of
these decisions, they were not making a permanent recommendation. The
Council had reduced non-Public Safety positions in the past, and now needed
to reduce Public Safety positions.
                                                                        Page 16 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 5/7/12
