Mr. Anderson did not have that information, but would review it.

Council Member Shepherd asked for a description of the PARC discussion
concerning the dog park.

Mr. Anderson reported discussions at the PARC meeting covered the impacts
of placement of the dog park in each section of the park. Adjacent to the
playing fields meant balls would go into the dog run and owners would need
to retrieve them. The area to the north was a natural area suitable for a dog
park and would be low cost. A location at the parking area would require a
short hike to reach.

Mr. Betts noted the dog parks at Hoover Park and Greer Park were
undersized. Staff tried to find an area large enough to support a dog park
underneath trees.

Council Member Shepherd asked if both playing fields would have night
games, because lights were included in the design.

Mr. Anderson reported the south softball field had lights. Staff needed more
community outreach to ensure lights on the north field would not negatively
impact the adjacent neighborhood. Construction plans allowed the addition
of lights at a later point without having to dig up the playing field.

Council Member Klein suggested the Council determine if the topic was ripe
for a decision before spending more time discussing the merits.

Mr. Snyder explained the south end of the project was being restored to the
original condition, and the Utilities Fund was paying for the bulk of that
restoration. There were no significant investments in that area, and the only
improvements were the decomposed granite pathway and a small portion of
the connectivity around it. Any investment in this project relating to the
south end of the park was negligible, probably less than $10,000. On the
north side of the park, design elements could be impacted by relocation of
the Julia Morgan building. However, the playing field in the north end of the
park could not be moved.

Council Member Espinosa inquired about the impact a continuance would
have on the park project timeline and costs.

Mr. Betts stated the Item could be continued to July; however, the two
major concerns were staging the project and the delay in reopening the
park.



                                     36                            04/23/2012
