Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if Mountain View anticipated a savings because
they expected Palo Alto's costs to increase.

Ms. Stadler responded yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if the Council chose SVACA to provide services,
how much it would cost to provide similar levels of service and what those
levels of service would be. He understood dogs dropped off for neutering,
for instance, came back nicely groomed with their claws clipped.            He
inquired if that was the level-of-service the City could afford to pay. He also
asked if, rather than outsourcing services, the City reduced its level-of-
service to SVACA’s level-of-service, what that cost would be. He thought
the Council could choose what services might need to be paid for. He
inquired whether Staff would be able to determine what services the City
could provide outside of SVACA and what those would cost. He said
Mountain View would leave the partnership in November. He thought at that
point the City would be losing approximately $1.1 million a year.

Ms. Antil stated it was about $500,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff explained $1.8 million in costs and $650,000 in revenues
resulted in about a $1.1 million loss.

Ms. Antil agreed.

Mr. Keene indicated this would be a significant cost that would have to be
absorbed in the City's General Fund unless they could find another
alternative.

Vice Mayor Scharff noted if the City was not doing anything, it would stay in
business in November, at which point it would start incurring those losses.
He inquired about Staff's plans to review other partners, how quickly that
would occur, and whether this would work in the timeframe of resolving this
issue by November.

Ms. Antil thought there were a couple of different components. She reported
initial discussions with SVACA indicated SVACA would not accommodate the
barking dog service or administrative hearings for Palo Alto; however, that
could be different in the bid process. She thought recruiting additional
partners would require the City to make a long-term commitment to
including capital costs for the existing building, not just immediate repairs.
She stated the City would have to compete with agencies that had newer
facilities. She also discussed repurposing the property. In reviewing the

                                   8                     March 26, 2012
