                               MINUTES
Council Member Kniss recalled the Committee narrowed the number of items
to poll. She felt it was early to perform a poll, and requested comments on
that.

Dave Metz, FM3 Research, reported this poll was proposed as the first in a
series of research projects which would culminate in a Council decision
whether to place a measure on the 2014 ballot. The poll would not test final
packages of projects and the way they might ultimately be presented to
voters. The poll was a means to determine the public's enthusiasm for
projects. Based on data from the initial poll, he would perform a series of
other research projects to provide specific data for a ballot measure.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether successive polls would determine
which projects had a good chance of being supported in an election.

Mr. Metz indicated he would begin with the broadest set of projects, and
then narrow down that list.

Council Member Kniss believed the framing of the question and identifying
the projects the public strongly supported would be important.

Mr. Metz was comfortable that the number of projects identified on the list
was manageable for the first poll.

Council Member Berman stated Byxbee Park was controversial, and the
Committee did not want controversial issues on a ballot measure.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the poll would be responsive.
Without background information, he did not believe the data would be
reliable.

Mr. Metz indicated that was the art of polling.   He could design an entire
survey for just one of the projects.

Council Member Schmid felt some previous polls were valuable in helping the
Council make its decisions.

Mr. Metz explained an initial survey determined community support for
projects, a second survey determined interest in packages of projects, and
from that information he determined community support for packages. Data
from the first poll informed a second poll, which helped determine groups of
projects that achieved public support. The first poll would not be an in-
depth exploration of any one project. The poll could point to those projects

                                                                      Page 27 of 32
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/18/13
