                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated two positions would have that requirement.
The purpose was to incorporate Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto
Library Foundation and their missions in LAC discussions.

Ms. Stump asked if the LAC currently had sufficient vacancies to allow for
reduction of the Commissioners.

Donna Grider, City Clerk reported the LAC had one vacancy, with three seats
opening at the end of January 2013. If the number of Commissioners
changed to five, Staff would recruit for two Commissioners.

Council Member Berman inquired whether any current Commissioners were
affiliated with Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Library
Foundation.

Ms. Grider was not aware of that.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the City needed an LAC. It was the opportune
time to determine the correct number of Commissioners and to reiterate the
LAC's purpose.

Council Member Klein inquired whether any incumbent LAC Commissioners
would reapply for the vacant seats.

Ms. Grider did not know.

Council Member Klein supported reducing the size of the LAC, but did not
support automatic inclusion of Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto
Library Foundation. Those organizations were not under the control of the
City.

Council Member Klein hoped the LAC would reduce the number of meetings.
He did not believe the issues facing the LAC warranted that many meetings.
He was disturbed by the number of vacancies on the LAC, and hoped the
number of meetings was not a factor. He supported continuing the LAC
based on the enthusiasm of the Commissioners and upcoming issues.

Mayor Scharff asked Ms. LeConge to comment on staffing of meetings,
possible financial burdens of meetings, and whether monthly meetings were
acceptable.

Ms. LeConge reported she and one Administrative Assistant regularly
attended meetings. The Administrative Assistant spent approximately 20

                                                                       Page 26 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
