                              MINUTES
Eric Rosenblum felt removing the parking exemptions would be bad for the
neighborhood and harmful to Palo Alto's interests.          Parking should be
decoupled from buildings, and parking cash-outs could be used to allow
greater capacity for residents in under-utilized buildings.

Robert Moss suggested the Council pass the proposed Ordinance with a few
modifications. First, projects which received Council approval should be
allowed to proceed. Second, the Council should set a time limit to provide a
corrective action. Third, the Council had to determine long-term methods
for improving parking.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, reported Palo Alto was moving towards
requiring self-parking of buildings.    An unintended consequence was
increased driving. The development community was willing to work towards
a solution.

Sal Giovanotto did not believe the moratorium was fair. The City was fine
without any changes.

Public Hearing closed at 9:31 P.M.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the general impact on the six projects
in the pipeline.

Mr. Aknin indicated Table 5 on page 11 of the Staff Report showed the
projects with planning entitlements. Those projects would not be subject to
the proposed Ordinance. Table 6 showed other projects in the pipeline
without approval.     Those projects would be subject to the proposed
Ordinance. The project affected by the most impacts would be 240 Hamilton
Avenue with nine spaces. The remaining projects would have no impact or a
one-space impact in terms of fees.        The majority of projects used
grandfather square footage paid into the Assessment District or existing
TDRs. Those would not be subject to the proposed Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss requested Staff address the 200-square-foot former
exemption.

Mr. Aknin believed the Ordinances adopted in 1986 initially allowed small
expansions to a building, not necessarily a new building. The exemption was
now applied to new projects. Staff's recommendation was to eliminate the
exemption, because the incentive was not needed for new buildings.

Council Member Kniss asked if projects other than 240 Hamilton Avenue
were running one or two spaces.
                                                                       Page 12 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/21/13
