                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein agreed the future was global partnerships. However,
the Council needed to define its goals and determine metrics and resource
impacts. He did not understand why Recommendation Number 2 needed
Council action.

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, recalled that previously the Council
decided Council Members would pay for travel.              Staff provided
Recommendation Number 2 to allow the Council to discuss payment of
expenses.

Council Member Schmid was excited by the prospect of building relationships
with foreign cities. The intent was to build relationships with respect to
technology, innovation and sustainability. One of the goals of the Heidelberg
partnership was to assist businesses, which was not the City's responsibility.
With respect to sustainability, exchanges with Heidelberg would benefit the
City. He was attracted to Recommendation Number 3, because of the
potential flow of ideas regarding government operations. That type of
relationship could be valuable to the Council.

Council Member Berman supported the Substitute Motion in order to
understand the Smart City concepts and to solidify those concepts with a
few cities.

Mayor Scharff agreed with limiting action to Recommendation Numbers 1
and 3. The Substitute Motion did not preclude acting on Recommendation
Number 4 once relationships were solidified with concrete proposals.

Council Member Burt recommended the primary focus of the relationships
relate to technology, innovation and government and best practices in
sustainable cities. Heidelberg implemented innovative technologies that
could benefit Palo Alto. He supported the Substitute Motion.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted to include Recommendation Number 2 to allow
Council discussion regarding payment of expenses.     Recommendation
Number 4 should be implemented to build a better relationship with
Neighbors Abroad.

Council Member Price supported the Substitute Motion. She acknowledged
the important relationships built with Yangpu and China and the fine work of
Neighbors Abroad. Because of impacts to City resources, she preferred to
focus on Recommendation Numbers 1 and 3. With additional experience,
the City could ensure future relationships were successful and mutually
beneficial.

                                                                         Page 18 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/12/13
