                             MINUTES
ACTION ITEMS

14.   Consideration of Public-Private Parking Garage on High Street (Lot P).

Curtis Williams, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
that the 135 Hamilton Avenue project was comprised of a 20,000-square-
foot office building with two rental apartments on the top floor, and was
required to provide 84 parking spaces. Twenty parking spaces were exempt
through Transferrable Development Rights (TDR). A proposal to exempt 40
spaces through a 1:1 floor area ratio (FAR) request was presently in
abeyance. A condition of approval for the 135 Hamilton Avenue Project
specified that, without an exemption, the applicant would have to pay
approximately $2.5 million of in-lieu fees to compensate the City for those
40 parking spaces. Development of a parking garage on Lot P would provide
all parking for the 135 Hamilton Avenue Project, City public parking spaces,
and four spaces for the onsite residential units. The first three floors of the
parking garage would be reserved for City and public use; the fourth and
fifth floors would be reserved for the 135 Hamilton Avenue Project during
the day and public use in the evening and on weekends. Without attendant
parking, the garage could provide 145 total parking spaces, 63 of those
spaces on the upper two floors. Applicant committed to providing 30
attendant parking spaces. The City could provide attendant parking on the
lower floors; however, that was not part of the applicant's proposal. The
first and second floors provided 51 parking spaces, the same number of
spaces provided in the current parking lot. Thirty-one parking spaces on the
third floor would be available at all times of the day at the City's discretion
for permit parking or hourly use. Staff recommended the Council direct
Staff to prepare a specific contract for the parking garage. 135 Hamilton
LLC would pay $6.9 million and construct the Parking Garage Project
(Project); the City would pay $1 million from the Housing In-Lieu Fund and
would be responsible for approximately $500,000 in permit fees or waivers.
135 Hamilton LLC would also purchase 5,000 square feet of TDRs from the
City for a total of $450,000 ($90/square foot). 135 Hamilton LLC committed
to providing attendant parking to supplement spaces and was willing to
accommodate a solar installation on the roof top. The Project would require
full review by the Architectural Review Board (ARB), the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and the Council, with the Council
reviewing contract details prior to construction. The key issue was the
applicant's request for the upper two floors to be set aside in a perpetual
easement appurtenant to the 135 Hamilton Avenue Project. Staff attempted
to value all net spaces fully available to the public at all times. Non-
quantifiable benefits included a two-year construction period as opposed to
five years, removal of 60 cars from street parking, and the potential
incorporation of the photovoltaic component. With respect to the estimated
                                                                           Page 6 of 33
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 6/10/13
