funds, and the agency could negotiate that. If one project scored well but
VTA wanted to fund it with a different source, an agency could negotiate to
move up other projects.

Council Member Klein asked what the point was of obtaining a grant if VTA
did not have the full amount of funds for the project and the City did not
have funds for the local match.

Mr. Rodriguez believed VTA would ask the City to commit more local match.
First, VTA would probably ask whether the City could build the project within
four years.

Council Member Klein wanted to know the practicalities. Politically he did
not believe Palo Alto would receive half the available grant funds as it only
had slightly more than 3 percent of the county population. He inquired
about the next step if Palo Alto could not increase the local match.

Mr. Rodriguez suggested the VTA would ask the City to break out pieces of
the project. That was part of the policy discussion held at the VTA Board.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City should submit applications
for projects where a local match could be found and where the VTA would
have funds available.

Mr. Rodriguez reported a discussion of funding the full amount would occur
at the VTA Board policy level with input from VTA staff. Staff wanted to give
a flavor of different types of projects at different cost levels in order to
compete against other cities.

Council Member Klein questioned the use of Staff time to prepare proposals
for Project Numbers 8 and 9.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and community Environment stated the
time Staff put into the application was a trade off. It was a long shot that
VTA would award half the available money to one project. Staff felt Project
Numbers 8 and 9 were important enough to warrant an application. If VTA
wanted a higher local match, then the projects would probably not move
forward and VTA would return to other projects. The VTA could break a
project into smaller chunks that the City could afford.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council consider whether there was any value to
the City submitting a proposal, having it rejected, and returning to it in the
future.



                                   19                    February 11, 2013
