                               MINUTES

Ms. Silver replied yes.

Vice Mayor Shepherd appreciated the improvements to the shopping center
and an adjacent property. Determining a payment for demolition of the
building was complicated.   She was concerned about the method for
calculating the payment.

Council Member Berman did not doubt the applicant's statement that the
original materials in Building Number 1 needed to be replaced with new
materials. However, the City could not confirm that statement, because the
building was demolished. He preferred the amount of any future payment
remain within the Council's discretion.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Scharff absent

13.   Recommendation for One-Time Additional Allocation in the Amount of
      $250,000 Over Two Years in Support of Intensive Case Management in
      Connection with Housing Subsidies to be Provided by the County of
      Santa Clara for Palo Alto’s Homeless.

Minka Van Der Zwaag, Community Services Senior Program Manager,
reported on August 13, 2013, the Policy and Services Committee discussed
additional expenditures for homeless services. The Committee discussed
approaches to address homeless issues Citywide with special consideration
of resolving issues at Cubberley Community Center. At the Policy and
Services Committee meeting, Staff presented two alternatives for a multi-
agency and service provider partnership. The first option was the concept of
a homeless outreach team utilizing a cross-functional group of providers to
move homeless people into housing. The second option was a funding
match for housing subsidies provided by the County of Santa Clara (County)
to support intensive case management. Service providers commented that
an outreach team was only one approach to addressing homelessness, and
was meant to open a multi-agency dialog on homelessness.             A local
organization offered to convene a newly formed Homeless Services Task
Force to bring forth other ideas to the Council. The Policy and Services
Committee recommended that the full Council consider an investment in the
creation of a multi-agency homeless outreach program not to exceed
$250,000, and requested Staff return with a specific plan to address the
issue. Staff worked with the Homeless Services Task Force and the County
to present a recommendation for the Council's consideration. The County
would provide housing funds to assist individuals who had contact with the
criminal justice system, had a high chance of recidivism, significantly
impacted County, State or local resources and were currently homeless or at
                                                                        Page 18 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/7/13
