Adina Levin, Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition Bicycle Team, favored the
Arastradero Road Corridor and Charleston Road Corridor Improvements,
Adobe Creek/Highway 101 Bridge, and the El Camino Real Corridor
Improvements. She questioned the lack of the Park Boulevard Bicycle
Boulevard as a proposed project. She requested public review of some of
the proposed projects.

Olenka Villarreal, Friends of the Palo Alto Parks and Friends of the Magical
Bridge, thanked the Council for considering the Magical Bridge project. If
the proposed project was funded, the Magical Bridge Project could begin
construction.

Paul Goldstein felt Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory Committee (PABAC) should
review the proposed projects and help set priorities. The projects were all
good projects; however, there had been no public participation in the
process. The Council should direct Staff to have advisory committee review
of projects before presenting them to the Council.

Herb Borock suggested the Council remove the Birch Street Gateway Project
and the two Transit Mall Projects. The granting authority would set the
priorities by choosing which projects to fund, when the Council should
choose which projects were most important. He would also eliminate a
project that mainly benefited Stanford; however, that was not likely to
happen.

Robert Moss spoke regarding the prospect as having too many projects, and
the lack of discussion around some projects. With regards to Project
Numbers 8 and 9, Mr. Arrillaga was supposed to make improvements to the
Transit Mall as a public benefit.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff had received a letter from the
San Mateo County Transit District (SamTrans) supporting Project Numbers 8
and 9.

Mr. Rodriguez stated SamTrans          was   willing   to    support    continued
development of both projects.

Council Member Price asked if some funding for Project Numbers 8 and 9
could be obtained from San Mateo County.

Mr. Rodriguez believed that would be very unlikely.

Council Member Price inquired whether funding could be obtained through
SamTrans applying for grants.
                                  15                        February 11, 2013
