                              MINUTES
Council Member Kniss was comfortable with the allocation being one time,
because the Council agreed it would be a pilot program.

Council Member Schmid believed removing "one-time" would indicate the
Council's good faith efforts to resolve the homeless issue.

Council Member Holman supported removing "one-time" because it provided
no harm, and the message was more open and clear. She did not want to
send the message that the Council would only provide an allocation of
$250,000.

Council Member Burt felt the Council's intentions were to allocate $250,000
over two years at the present time, and in the future the Council would
determine an ongoing commitment. He preferred to remove "one-time."

Council Member Klein noted "one-time" was included in the recommendation
from the Policy and Services Committee. By removing it, the Council was
indicating that the program would continue.

Council Member Price concurred with Council Member Klein. The Council
wanted to see the results of the program before considering additional
funding. Including "one-time" placed pressure on stakeholders to consider
other funding models.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION FAILED:              3-5 Burt, Holman, Schmid yes,
Scharff Absent

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Homeless Services Task Force
would continue its efforts.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag replied yes.

Council Member Holman asked why the Sunnyvale Armory was closing.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag reported a long-term housing project would be
implemented at the site.

Mr. Le noted that the Cold Weather Shelter Program would operate in 2013.
Two affordable housing projects would be developed on the site of the
Sunnyvale Armory.

Council Member Holman inquired about the number of housing units that
would be developed at the site.

                                                                       Page 22 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/7/13
