                               MINUTES
Council Member Price asked if the sensitivity analysis could include a range
of estimates.

Mr. Svensson reported the model was designed to handle that type of
analysis. It was difficult to look over a period of time with a number of
different assumptions moving at the same time. However, he could perform
different projections based on a range of construction costs.

Council Member Price assumed the existing conditions on the site would be
included in the traffic study.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, indicated Staff would review
that as part of the Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Plan for the
project. Normally it would not be part of a Traffic Impact Analysis. If the
Council wished, Staff could request the Developer to consider that
information as part of the Traffic Impact Analysis.

Council Member Price felt it would be worthwhile to have that information.
She inquired whether the square footage was gross or leasable.

Mr. Aknin stated the figures were gross.

Council Member Price believed the distinction was useful.

Council Member Klein felt the discussion should focus on the economic
analysis. The City polled regarding the Public Safety Building in 2008 and
2013. The results were similar in that 60 percent of respondents favored a
new Public Safety Building in the $40 million range. The traffic study was a
determining factor for the project. A discussion of public benefit should not
be held until the Council decided that traffic impacts were manageable. He
expressed concern regarding the consultants performing the traffic study.
He accepted the assumptions in the economic analysis with the exception of
the Developer holding the property long term. He wanted a simplistic
analysis indicating current value of the property and the value subsequent to
rezoning of the property. He did not want to know construction costs or rate
of return.

Council Member Berman supported having an economic analysis. A new
Public Safety Building was a high personal priority. The land cost for 396
Page Mill Road was a sunk cost and should not be factored into the analysis.
The carrying costs should not be included. He inquired about the 1.2
percent for the land holding costs.

Mr. Svensson reported that was the property tax.
                                                                       Page 17 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
