          MINUTES
STUDY SESSION

2.   Joint Meeting with Parks and Recreation Commission.

Ed Lauing, Parks and Recreation Commission Chair, reported the packet
provided to the Council contained the Parks and Recreation Commission's
(PARC) purpose, a sampling of issues the PARC worked on, and three
attachments regarding high impact issues. The high impact issues were the
new Field Use Policy, Cubberley Community Center, and the PARC's
recommendation for the Golf Course reconfiguration. A fourth topic could
have been the PARC's recommendation for the El Camino Park design. The
PARC would comment on the Long Range Parks and Recreation Master Plan
(Master Plan), use of the 10 1/2 acres at the Baylands, dog parks, and
improvements at the Golf Course.

Deirdre Crommie, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, stated the City's
Comprehensive Plan provided for parks, recreation, and the preservation of
nature. The Master Plan would be a blueprint for greater effectiveness.
Work on the Master Plan would begin in early 2014. The PARC and ad hoc
committees would work closely with the consultant to design surveys,
conduct outreach meetings, and interpret feedback.       Deliverables were
inventory and assessment of park resources and recreational services;
community preferences and project future needs; and a plan for needed
capital development including costs and funding sources.

Mr. Lauing noted that the Council referenced the Land Bank as the Baylands
athletic fields. The PARC encouraged the Council to review multiple needs
and multiple uses for that space. Short-term needs for field usage were
covered as a result of new and better fields and the Field Use Policy.
Through the Field Use Policy, practice slots were precisely defined by time
and age group to create more field space and to increase usage of fields. A
cancellation policy was implemented to create a financial incentive for teams
to release fields. The Master Plan study would allow the PARC to study long-
term field needs and consider alternative recreational opportunities at the
Baylands.

Jennifer Hetterly, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, reported the City had
an unmet demand for dog exercise areas. In 2010, the PARC attempted to
address those needs by adopting a policy that directed Staff to consider dog
park opportunities when parks were renovated or improved. That attempt
was not successful. The PARC wanted to target efforts and investments on
identifying and accommodating the best suited neighborhood park
arrangement for dog parks. The Master Plan and focused outreach would
prioritize efforts. Another option was shared-use with athletic fields during
                                                                         Page 2 of 20
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/02/13
