                               MINUTES
defining quality of life, the Council could generally agree that it wanted a
quality of life and be committed to achieving and protecting that. If the
Council chose to engage the community, then the effort should capture a
great deal of attention to broaden participation.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the Council should have discussed the issues
prior to entertaining a Motion. She wanted to hear other Council Members'
comments.      She wanted to understand the aspects of Palo Alto that
attracted residents and businesses in order to build relationships with
commuters into Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman indicated the Council needed to have broad
community participation in developing Core Values. The Policy and Services
Committee discussion referenced the City's Charter and Comprehensive
Plan, but that was not reflected in the Staff Report. A framework for the
community discussion was needed to have good participation.             The
recognition that the Council was a government entity and served at the
public's pleasure and as a representative body of the public was missing
from the discussion.     She needed to see something referencing that
responsibility, that commitment, that dedication to the public. Core Values
should be a topic of a Retreat with more community involvement. Before
the public could suggest Core Values, the Council should describe the
purpose of the exercise. She wanted the community's input to be focused.

Council Member Burt suggested the discussion should be framed around a
set of possible Core Values. He assumed Council Member Holman wished to
refine a larger set of prospective Core Values that shared a common interest
with Core Values proposed by Council Members.

Council Member Holman wished to set forth for the public the purpose of the
exercise to prevent the definition of a single Guiding Principle.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to add “framed around a to-be-determined
purpose of this exercise” after “...encourage input from the community”.

Council Member Berman agreed that explaining the purpose of the exercise
would add value to the discussion; however, he did not wish to be too
prescriptive.

Council Member Schmid noted that three of four members of the Policy and
Services Committee wanted to identify vision statements to help tailor Core
Values.    The problem with vision statements contained within the
Comprehensive Plan was that the Comprehensive Plan was written in 1998
                                                                          Page 6 of 8
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 9/30/13
