                    MINUTES
system utilized 122 buses and carried more than 6,000 employees into
Mountain View daily.       Slightly more than 35 percent of the campus
population utilized shuttles. The shuttle system saved 17,000 metric tons of
CO2 annually, removed more than 4,000 vehicles from roads, and saved 70
million miles of vehicle miles traveled. The single-occupancy vehicle rate
was 45 percent with an incentive base. Google developed a muni first policy
for buses serving San Francisco. Keys to success were the Google culture,
responding to feedback, working with local agencies, and monitoring of
services. Scheduling could be changed on an hourly basis. All information
was shared with employees. The Google campus had 640 Level 2 charging
stations. An electric car share fleet was loaned to employees who utilized
alternative transportation.        Google provided employees with free
membership in the Zipcar program.          Challenges were scalability, data
management, vendor management, management of employee expectations,
and lost and found.

Mr. Aknin noted that Mr. Hamilton supervised the parking, shuttle, charter
bus, bicycle, and TDM Program at Stanford University.

Brodie Hamilton, Stanford University Transportation Director, explained that
Stanford University implemented a TDM Program for community relations,
traffic mitigation, environmental sustainability, employee well-being, and
reduced investment in parking.      In 2002, Stanford enhanced its TDM
Program to address employees' concerns. Some of the bigger aspects of the
TDM Program were the Eco Pass/Go Pass, car sharing, partnerships with
Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA), Caltrain, and AC Transit,
personal outreach, and an extensive website. The Commute Club was
comprised of everyone on campus who committed not to drive alone to
campus. Commute Club members were rewarded with up to $300 per year
and a variety of other benefits. Promotional activities included two prize
drawings per year, transportation love stories, and Picture My Commute.
The Marguerite fleet was expanded to 60 buses including hybrid and electric
buses. Promoting programs and educating people about programs were
important. The TDM Program was promoted based on health, financial, and
environmental benefits. Each year a considerable amount of data was
collected regarding the TDM Program.        Participation increased from 4
percent in 2002 to 20 percent at the current time. Approximately 9,000
employees were regular alternative transportation users and members of the
Commute Club. Parking permits peaked in 2004 at 23,000. The number of
parking permits decreased by 3,000 even though the campus population
increased. If the drive-alone rate had not decreased, the campus would
have needed 3,000 additional parking spaces at a cost of $40,000-$50,000.


                                                                        Page 4 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/9/13
