                               MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jeff Bedolla felt gay marriage was not a rights issue. Homosexuality was a
stage of personal development. The process of growth could be better
supported by not granting homosexual relations institutional recognition.

Malcolm Beasley welcomed development that created a vibrant and exciting
Downtown; however, development had to be balanced with negative
consequences. A credible process was necessary for good decisions and
public acceptance of those decisions.
The Council should clearly articulate its concept for the residential
neighborhoods adjacent to commercial corridors and establish up-to-date
standards and norms for parking and traffic.

Sally-Ann Rudd stated excessive traffic and no on-street parking for
residents, guests and employees were detrimental to quality of life in the
Downtown area. The Downtown area would not have sufficient parking
spaces once pipeline projects were completed. The City should not build
more parking, but should incentivize carpools and use of alternative
transportation and build more housing rather than office space.

Nila-Ann Nag related her experience with crossing the intersection of
Webster and Channing while walking to school with her brother.

Stephanie Munoz believed the City was losing a public benefit regarding low-
income housing at Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. The State of California
had an interest in retaining low-income housing. The City had to keep the
low-income housing so that workers' children could be properly educated.

Ken Alsman suggested the Council ask Staff to prepare a moratorium on all
applications and all building permits where parking did not meet the needs
of potential tenants. This would not solve existing problems, but would help
stem the flow of employee parking in neighborhoods.

Neilson Buchanan reported neighbors were trying to consolidate
neighborhood opinion to present to the Council. He planned to meet with
Council Members and Planning and Transportation Commissioners, to
identify ten people active in civic affairs, to meet with other neighborhoods
experiencing similar traffic issues, and to review best practices in other
cities. He asked the Council to make the Comprehensive Plan more specific
with regard to objective standards.



                                                                            Page 3 of 20
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/8/13
