                                  MINUTES
He felt the public session would benefit the community as well as the Council
who may still have questions regarding demographic options or certain risks
that may be associated with different aspects. The City and School Board
would ultimately go to the community for funding to support the decision
made regarding the campus so it was critical to have a process that gained
the public’s trust and confidence.

Council Member Price stated her support for the Motion and observed there
were questions that needed answers during the open session. She asked if
there would be people in attendance to respond to questions at the public
meeting. She asked if the School Board would be performing a similar effort
with the public for their part in the Cubberley site.

Mr. Keene had no intelligence on the matter of the School Board meetings,
although Staff would be following up with the administration and respond to
the Council at a later date.

Council Member Price asked whether there would be PAUSD officials in
attendance at the Council Meeting on May 13, 2013.

Mr. Keene said Staff would be able to respond to the Cubberley Community
Advisory Committee’s recommendations; although, it would be from Staff
perspective. If Council was interested in having the previous Advisory
Committee members or the PAUSD members present on May 13, 2013 there
would need to be coordination.

Council Member Burt agreed that the next meeting on Cubberley should be
open to the public but he was interested in the discussion. Was the intent of
the discussion to be the CCAC report, or the CCAC report and a public airing
of the Council Guiding Principles of the negotiation process. He would like to
see a discussion around the guiding direction. He asked for clarification on
the Motion.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion was intended to allow the public to
have a wide ranging discussion with the Council regarding Cubberley.

Council Member Burt said his question was regarding the Council discussion
after they had heard from the public. He wanted to clarify if the intent of the
Motion was for Council to have the prerogative to go into a substantive
discussion around the general principles in the Cubberley direction as part of
that meeting.

Council Member Klein said it would be like any other Agenda Item where
Council would move or take any action that was viewed appropriate.

                                                                     April 22, 2013
                                                              City Council Minutes
