                              MINUTES
of four jobs. She asked the Council to exclude pipeline projects from the
proposed Ordinance and to postpone a vote until February 14, 2014.

Ken Hayes believed many projects would not have been developed without
seismic or historic bonuses. Residents, businesses, commercial property
owners and parking advocates should collaborate to find a creative solution.
The proposed Ordinance was one-sided and unfair. He requested the
Council postpone its vote for a defined period while stakeholders developed
a creative solution fair to all.

David Kleiman reported his project was fully parked and compliant with all
City Codes, but would be severely impacted by the proposed Ordinance. The
Council did not have sufficient time to receive adequate input on the
economic effects of the proposed Ordinance. The solution should include
increased availability of parking spaces, access to an offsite lot for lower-
paid employees, permit parking in key neighborhoods and metered parking.

James Lin felt the proposed Ordinance did not solve the parking problem and
was unfair. He asked the Council to exclude pipeline projects from the
proposed Ordinance.

Jaime Wong stated developers followed the City's rules to add value and
provide a vibrant and exciting Downtown. Without development, the City
would lose businesses. Developers could be creative and could compromise.

Andrew Wong indicated the proposed Ordinance was patently unfair. Staff
did not address the benefits provided by the exemptions. He proposed the
Council not apply the proposed Ordinance to pipeline projects. The proposed
Ordinance did not address the parking issue.

Jason Holleb asked the Council not to impact the defined pipeline projects.
The Council should allow time for development of a parking solution.

Neilsen Buchanan spoke regarding saturated parking in neighborhoods. If
the Council passed the proposed Ordinance, it would receive goodwill and
collaboration.

Michael Griffin urged the Council to eliminate the parking exemptions
adopted to encourage development in the Downtown area. The price of a
vibrant Downtown was parking issues in surrounding neighborhoods.

Stephanie Munoz suggested the Council refund fees paid by projects in the
pipeline. The Council should take back the parking obligations.

                                                                       Page 11 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/21/13
