operating expenses. Even if PAHC found a source to fill the $10.5 million
funding gap, it had to be competitive with tax credits too. Tax credits looked
at cost per unit.     If costs exceeded 130 or 135 percent of the cost
containment rule, then a project was removed from competition for tax
credits.

Council Member Burt asked if the second component was qualifying for
critical tax credits.

Ms. Gonzalez responded yes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether PAHC would develop an affordable
housing project at the site if funding could be found.

Ms. Gonzalez replied yes. PAHC reviewed every option and none was viable.
PAHC proposed a viable project with sufficient construction and operational
funding over 55 years or more. There was a lack of funds available at the
City, State, and Federal levels.

Council Member Burt asked if a City contribution of a couple million dollars
would solve PAHC's problem.

Ms. Gonzalez answered no. The gap would probably fall in the range of $10
million. The cost per unit issue with tax credits was another factor. Even if
PAHC could fill the gap in terms of acquisition, it would not be able to
construct the project without tax credits.

Council Member Burt recalled that opponents of Measure D were receptive to
senior affordable housing; however, they would accept a project only under
existing zoning. The community mentioned the value of an orchard; yet,
residents did not vote to fund an orchard. He wanted the Council to
consider requiring a conversion of landscaping to either native plants or
agricultural plants upon significant redevelopment of any site in certain large
industrial areas. That would help recreate a natural environment integrated
within the developed area. The Council should look for opportunities to meet
affordable housing needs in the community.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Council's intention to do
nothing met PAHC's needs in the current situation.

Ms. Gonzalez supported Staff's recommendation because it was PAHC's
need.

Council Member Schmid assumed a Council vote to do nothing was a vote
not to exercise the purchase option.
                                   21                   December 16, 2013
