                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman asked if PAHC's plan was to sell part of the property
for market rate homes.

Ms. Gonzales replied yes. Selling a portion of the property would offset
some of the construction costs for senior housing.

Council Member Berman inquired whether PAHC would sell the property
before or after building homes.

Ms. Gonzales planned to sell the land to a market rate builder.

Council Member Berman inquired about the cost to construct the senior
facility.

Jessica DeWitt, Senior Project Manager of Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
indicated the total cost was approximately $24 million.

Council Member Berman asked why PAHC did not build and sell the market
rate homes.

Ms. Gonzales explained that was not PAHC's business.      PAHC's experience
and expertise concerned affordable housing.

Council Member Berman visited Maybell Avenue in the mornings and
afternoons to observe traffic, the neighborhood, the school and the
development site. He shared his observations and vehicle, pedestrian and
bicyclist counts from his visits. Maybell Avenue was not a Safe Route to
School to Juana Briones Elementary School. The proposed project increased
safety along Maybell Avenue by adding a sidewalk, removing four driveways,
and eliminating parking on one side of the street from 7:00 A.M. to 7:00
P.M. He shared some safety concerns relating to the portion of Maybell
Avenue he observed.       With respect to increased traffic along Maybell
Avenue, his observations indicated the increase resulted from school traffic.
The ratios provided by the peer review of the applicant's traffic analysis
indicated the project was safer than a 34-unit single-family development.
The applicant offered to build a 5-foot sidewalk in front of the project,
resulting in a 17-foot setback, which was 3 feet less than current zoning
allowed. The applicant moved driveways to the rear of the property and
created a smaller setback for safety purposes. The height restriction for R-2
zoning was 30 feet, and the proposal was 32 1/2 feet. He agreed with
decreasing the number of stories and number of houses on Maybell Avenue.

Ms. Silver noted Coalition for Safe and Sensible Zoning correspondence was
received after the public hearing closed. The Council was not required to
consider testimony submitted after closure of the public hearing. The letter
                                                                             Page 7 of 30
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 6/13/13
