                             MINUTES
would take colleagues' word that the Council would not return in several
months and indicate there was no time to review options not
recommended by the Committee. He wanted data from the next poll to be
presented promptly to the full Council in order to allow Council input.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER for the poll results from the second round
of polling return to the Council promptly after the completion of that poll.

Council Member Burt wanted poll information presented to the Council
promptly, meaning the Infrastructure Committee should hold one meeting
rather than four before presenting results to the Council.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the results would be presented promptly in the
normal course of events.

Mr. Keene noted that in December 2013 the first phase two survey results
would be presented to the City Council, as outlined in Page 3 of
Attachment C.

Council Member Burt was skeptical that a sizeable portion of the general
public would support paying for parking garages Downtown. Property
owners told the Council that they could not build support for an
Assessment District increase for additional parking garages.         When
Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Programs were implemented, he believed
property owners would acknowledge that they needed to pay for a new
garage sooner. He did not support spending time considering a Mello-
Roos District. He strongly advocated the Council pursue a Business
License Tax for a TDM Program. A Business License Tax received majority
support in initial polling and required only majority approval.         The
Business License Tax could be structured so that businesses having more
employees than facilities were designed for would pay more into funds for
a TDM Program. He would accept a Business License Tax not being
included in polling at the current time; however, it pertained to the issue
of how the topics tied into all Downtown parking issues.           He was
concerned about parking garages being funded through mechanisms
included in the poll.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Assessment Districts were no
longer feasible alternatives under Proposition 218.

Mr. Saccio reported advice from the City's Financial Advisor and Bond
Counsel indicated conducting the same kind of vote for an Assessment
District was difficult under Proposition 218.  Cities were not using
                                                                        Page 19 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
