                          DRAFT MINUTES

ACTION ITEMS

4.   Response to Colleague's Memo: Health Care.

Kathy Shen, Human Resources Director reported this report was the third in
a series to respond to Council questions regarding attracting and retaining
the best employees while having a sustainable package of pension and
healthcare benefits. Both pension and healthcare benefits were provided
through the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS).
CalPERS' rules restrained cities from some actions. The City was facing an
unfunded liability. For healthcare benefits, the City had some flexibility to
craft benefits. Options for alternatives in the insurance market were limited,
because the City had a large portion of retirees and a large percentage of
retirees were pre-Medicare. She read that healthcare would increase at a
rate of inflation plus 2-5 percent. That was a problem for both the City and
retirees.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated the Staff Report suggested the Council
entertain a Motion regarding the issue of a policy statement on vesting.
After additional consideration and because of the importance of the topic,
Staff recommended a codified Ordinance rather than a Motion. The Council
could benefit from a more detailed briefing on the question of vesting and its
application to healthcare. Staff recommended the Council delete the last
sentence of the first paragraph of the draft Motion and hold the issue of
vesting for a Closed Session. The law on vesting in the health context was
complex and rapidly developing. A number of communications from labor
indicated they would consider litigation against the City if they moved in a
direction that labor did not agree with. It was appropriate for the Council to
receive a briefing with respect to those issues in a Closed Session. After
that, if the Council wished to entertain a policy statement on vesting, Staff
recommended the Council direct Staff to bring that forward.

James Keene, City Manager explained Council Members requested an
opportunity to have an in-depth discussion with the City Attorney in Closed
Session.   Staff would formally respond to letters from Labor Unions
regarding issues.   An at-places memo responded to Council Member
Schmid's questions.

Stephanie Munoz urged the Council not to have a Closed Session regarding
healthcare benefits. Compensation for City employees was excessive. The
Council must not change health benefits. A mutual insurance plan was the
only method to obtain lower insurance costs.

                                                                          Page 3 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
