                    MINUTES

Mayor Scharff wondered whether corporations located in Downtown would
provide that type of information.

Ms. Tanner-Busby reported she utilized employee ZIP codes to determine
their locations. She contacted Human Resource Departments in companies
locating in the Contra Costa Centre to determine their needs and wants.

Mayor Scharff inquired about the number of Zipcars that would be located at
the Gateway Building.

Mr. Aknin did not know the exact number. He could provide the information
at a later time.

Mayor Scharff reiterated that Zipcars would be located Downtown.

Mr. Aknin added that Staff was releasing a Request for Proposal (RFP)
related to a car sharing program within the Downtown area.

Mayor Scharff recalled Council Member Berman's point that cabs were more
efficient than shuttles.

Ms. Tanner-Busby indicated cabs provided more efficient and effective
transportation for users. Upper management users were not inclined to wait
for shuttles.

Mayor Scharff inquired about other atypical projects utilized in TDM
Programs.

Ms. Tanner-Busby stated the newest project was CARMA, an online car
matching program. That program would take time to fully implement. She
was always searching for new programs that would encourage participation.

Mayor Scharff felt a 15-20 percent reduction in traffic would make a
difference in Palo Alto.

Chop Keenan indicated a Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Program was a
critical piece of the parking and traffic puzzle. An RPP Program was a cost-
effective approach to alternatives. Discussions of a TDM program should
involve stakeholders, Staff, experts, and a few Council Members.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, was excited to see Palo Alto learn about
TDMs. Two examples of TDMs in mixed-use areas were the City of Boulder

                                                                       Page 11 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/9/13
