                            MINUTES
Mayor Scharff wished to provide a policy directive to Staff to end the
discussion of electronic billboards. Community comments did not support
a digital message board, and digital message boards were not a part of
the community's values.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss that
the City not pursue a digital reader board.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Bayshore Freeway was a defining
characteristic of the City, because it provided a view of the Bay. The
location next to a park was inappropriate. The Bicycle and Pedestrian
Master Plan included a Bayshore-to-Foothills pathway, which would be
adjacent to the proposed location of the message board.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was offended by the prospect of a digital message
board but wanted to receive colleagues' opinion on it.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Price absent

Mr. Keene inquired whether Staff should            permanently    disregard
consideration of a digital message board.

Mayor Scharff stated that was his understanding.

6.   Technology and the Connected City Committee Recommendation to
     Develop Master Plan to Build Out the City’s Fiber Optic System to
     Provide Fiber-to-the-Premise and Develop Complementary Wireless
     Network Plan.

Council Member Kniss noted a great deal of interest in a Fiber-to-the-
Premise (FTTP) network, and the Council made it a Priority. She attended a
conference in Kansas City in late May with Vice Mayor and learned a great
deal.   The Staff Report was a result of a recommendation from the
Technology and Connected City Committee (Committee).                 At the
Committee's first meeting in May 2013, the Committee recommended that
Staff develop a work plan to evaluate the feasibility of building a Citywide
high-speed broadband FTTP network. On June 24, 2013, the Committee
approved a recommendation to work on an approach to set in motion
planning work for the FTTP network and the identification of a citizens'
advisory council. On September 17, 2013, Staff recommended to the
Committee the development of a Master Plan to include the addition of a
Wireless Network Plan.     Staff would outline next steps, timelines and
resource impacts. She was excited about the prospect of a faster home
internet connection.
                                                                        Page 22 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
