                               MINUTES

Council Member Burt asked Ms. LeConge if she would continue to attend
Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Library Foundation Board
meetings if they had liaisons to the LAC.

Ms. LeConge felt attending Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto
Library Foundation Board meetings was valuable to ask questions and to
have face-to-face contact.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by XXX to
remove “Incorporate a requirement that one or more seats are designated
for individuals with certain qualifications such as membership on Friends of
the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Library Foundation” and to add “Invite the
Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Library Foundation to designate
liaisons to the Library Advisory Commission.”

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Price inquired whether the LAC had liaisons to Friends of the
Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Library Foundation.

Ms. LeConge answered yes.

Council Member Price asked if the liaison Commissioners shared information
with the LAC regarding the organizations.

Ms. LeConge responded yes.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto
Library Foundation to be voting members of the LAC.                She wanted
fundraising efforts to be part of the responsibilities of the LAC.

Ms. LeConge indicated each of the groups had an agenda regarding what
they raised funds for and how they raised funds. The LAC encouraged
Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Library Foundation to
participate when a vacancy on the LAC occurred.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the LAC commented on Friends of the Palo
Alto Library and Palo Alto Library Foundation activities.

Ms. LeConge answered yes.



                                                                        Page 28 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                             Minutes:
