                               MINUTES
risk of becoming homeless. These factors were required by the County's
funding source for housing subsidies. Local service providers informed Staff
that the guidelines would not be a barrier to assist many of their clients.
The County subsidies could be utilized for permanent support of housing or
long-term transitional housing.     With permanent support, an individual
would receive an ongoing rental subsidy, and an intensive case manager
would assist the individual to obtain services to remain housed. Long-term
transitional housing most often ended after a two-year period and was
targeted to individuals who needed assistance in leaving the streets. With
the assistance of a housing subsidy and an intensive case manager, it was
hoped individuals would transfer from the subsidy to a non-subsidized unit.
Staff expected to provide assistance to 20 individuals. The County budgeted
$518,000 for subsidies and administration costs over the next 24 months.
An intensive case manager would work with an individual to ensure the
client's needs were met in a variety of contexts. The County would require
the City to utilize a case management agency that was part or would agree
to be part of the Care Coordination Project of the Housing 1000 Campaign.
The Care Coordination Project was developed to ensure the effectiveness of
services for the homeless population by coordinating and monitoring
intensive case management services.          The Care Coordination Project
required case management agencies establish data collection and
performance standards and required weekly meetings of all case managers.
The Project allowed the City to access security deposits, move-in assistance,
flexible housing funds and potentially other housing resources for chronically
homeless clients. InnVision Shelter Network, Downtown Streets Team and
Momentum for Mental Health were designated as part of the Care
Coordination Project. Staff recommended the City enter into an agreement
with the County's Mental Health Department to release the Request for
Proposal (RFP) and provide oversight of the intensive case management
agencies. The City would retain the ability to create and oversee the referral
process. The City and the County would oversee the project. Experts
indicated that access to housing was the most important aspect of solving
homelessness. The $250,000 one-time investment would leverage County
funds to support and house 20 individuals.

Chris Richardson, Downtown Streets Team, indicated the closing of
Cubberley facilities and the impending vehicle habitation ban created a
short-term crisis.    Case managers would work on successful housing
retention strategies so that clients would remain in housing. The Homeless
Services Task Force planned to continue to develop a long-term plan for the
rest of the homeless and low-income individuals in the community.



                                                                         Page 19 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/7/13
