                     MINUTES
to give equal weight to each of the five funding mechanisms tested in the
survey. Essentially FM3 split the sample of 600 voters into five groups and
then rotated the order in which each of the ballot measure concepts was
presented. For each ballot measure concept, interviewers read language
that was close to exact ballot language; asked respondents an open-ended
question about why they would support or oppose a measure; posed follow-
up questions that varied the structure of the measure in a few cases; and
then tested pro and con arguments in each case to understand the fluidity of
public support. The two measures that received the highest level of support
when presented first in the sequence of measures were the TOT and the
transportation bond. The bond would require two-thirds support, and it
achieved that at 73 percent. The TOT could be put forward as either a
general tax or a special tax, and it received support from roughly 4 of 5
voters, thus meeting either vote threshold. The public safety bond received
majority support but fell short initially of the two-thirds vote required for
approval. The sales tax increase received support as a majority vote but not
as a two-thirds vote. The parking assessment through a CFD received
support from only 45 percent of voters. The survey contained a margin of
error of approximately 7 percent for each item when asked first in the
rotation. FM3 treated undecided responses as if they would vote no. The
degree to which support varied over the course of the survey was as
important as the initial support for each measure. Generally support for
measures tended to rise as voters heard the positive arguments and then
drop after voters heard negative arguments. The TOT and transportation
bond measures were most highly supported initially. Support then dropped
somewhat after the positive arguments. Important to remember was that
voters heard four alternative measures in addition to the positive
arguments. Ultimately that did not change the overall assessment of the
viability of measures for a TOT increase and a transportation bond. The CFD
for parking started at 45 percent support, gained 10 points after the positive
argument, but then lost 15 points after the negative arguments. Of the
measures tested, three met the threshold required for approval after the
positive arguments were presented, a TOT increase, a sales tax increase,
and a transportation bond. The public safety bond fell within the margin of
error for two-thirds approval. A measure to increase the TOT was viable.
The level of initial support for a TOT increase was impressive, which was
fairly standard in many communities as it taxed visitors rather than
residents. 70 percent of respondents said they would support a TOT
increase of 3 percent, and 77 percent would support a TOT increase of 2
percent. Substantively that was not terribly significant given the initial level
of support. FM3 also tested pro and con arguments unique to the funding
mechanism. Support decreased slightly after the positive message, because
respondents heard four other potential funding mechanisms in the interim.
Support dropped to 65 percent after respondents heard the negative
                                                                          Page 16 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/9/13
