                               MINUTES
requested Staff provide a breakdown of HRC allocations proposed in March
2013 and the revised allocations proposed the prior week, and an
explanation as to why Avenidas and PACC were different from other
agencies.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

17.   Public Hearing: Adoption of an Ordinance Approving the Rezoning of a
      1.57-acre Site from Community Commercial With a Landscape
      Combining District (CC(L) to Public Facility with a Site and Design
      Combining District (PF(D)) Zone, a Resolution 9342 Amending the
      Site’s Comprehensive Plan Land Use Designation From Streamside
      Open Space to Major Institution/Special Facilities, and a Record of
      Land Use Action Approving a Conditional Use Permit and Site and
      Design Review Application for the Construction of a 69-Room, Three
      Story, 51,948 Square Foot Building to House an Expanded Ronald
      McDonald House Program, and a Mitigated Negative Declaration for the
      Project located at 50 El Camino Real.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official, reported the Ronald McDonald House
provided lodging for families of children seeking medical treatment at the
Lucile Packard Children's Hospital. The current facility could not meet the
demand for lodging. The new facility would provide 69 guest rooms and
parking.   The project included a zone change and a land use map
amendment.       The current land use designation did not allow for
development beyond the construction of biking, hiking and riding trails. The
project would be consistent with the new land use designation. There would
be no negative impact to the riparian area behind the project. The project
included applications for site and design review and a conditional use permit.
The Architectural Review Board (ARB) and Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) reviewed the applications and recommended approval.
Staff requested the Council approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration
(MND), the Ordinance to rezone the site, the Resolution to amend the
Comprehensive Plan designation, and the Record of Land Use Action.

Public Hearing opened at 10:25 P.M.

Greg Davis, Chairperson Building Committee of Ronald McDonald House,
proposed to expand the Ronald McDonald House. The proposed building
contained 52,278 square feet in three stories and mirrored the existing
building. The proposed building included office space, recreation areas,
community space and exercise rooms. The proposed building was adjacent
to the existing facility. The landscape plan called for relocation of trees to
the riparian area. Egress and ingress to the property was located at existing
                                                                           Page 28 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
