                       WORKING MINUTES
Ms. Weiss reported that requirement was based on recommendations from a
reusable bag manufacturer. Other bags could be sold in a store, but not at
point of sale because behavior change was less likely to occur.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Staff had a reason not to delete the
requirement for information on the bottom of the bag.

Mr. Bobel indicated Staff again was attempting to be consistent with other
communities' requirements. The Council could remove that requirement.
This requirement fell under Staff's authorization to change an Ordinance
where the change was not critical to the function of the provision. Staff
would work with stores to meet substantive requirements but not labeling
requirements for bags.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether retail stores could distribute paper bags
smaller than 15 liters in capacity.

Ms. Weiss reported the EcoLogo standard required the 15-liter bag size.
Under the proposed Ordinance, retailers could distribute any size of paper
bag for the indicated fee.

Mr. Bobel believed it was best to use standard definitions whenever possible,
and the 15-liter capacity was part of the EcoLogo standard definition.

Council Member Burt inquired about the benefit of a plastic bag being
recycled as opposed to a cloth bag being placed in the trash.

Ms. Weiss explained most plastics could only be recycled once, and then
placed in the landfill. It was beneficial to recycle once; however, recycling
was not a long-term solution.

Mr. Bobel noted cloth could be donated to non-profit organizations.

William Rosenberg spoke to the Council in September 2012 regarding an
extension of the plastic bag ban, and supported the proposed Ordinance.
Single-use bags were not currently available that did not contribute to
environmental pollution. The only remedy was to change the culture to
reuse of bags through external motivation.

Richard Gertman, Board Member of Californians Against Waste, reported the
organization committed itself to reducing the amount of disposable single-
use items in the environment. He supported programs to recover and
promote reusable bags. Banning single-use bags would provide a significant
environmental benefit.
                                                                        Page 11 of 16
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 3/11/13
