                               MINUTES

Council Member Price inquired whether a potential joint committee would be
composed of Staff and Stanford University employees.

Mr. Keene responded yes.

Council Member Burt supported the Motion. Proposed Guiding Principle
Number 2 should be deleted, because the Council discussed it.           He
encouraged the Policy and Services Committee to consider spending only the
amount of interest earned annually. The bulk of funds would be spent for
infrastructure projects resulting from impacts created by the hospital. He
hoped other resources were available for expanding the shuttle system.
Perhaps the shuttle system could be expanded through Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD) matching funds, employer participation, a
cooperative approach, or a TDM program. With respect to proposed Guiding
Principle Number 4, he preferred not to set the precedent of a super
majority vote.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
XXX to add to the Guiding Principles approval a process for gathering ideas
from Staff and Council.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Klein felt that was part of the Motion.

Council Member Price reported PAUSD recently discussed funding for the
shuttle system.

Mayor Scharff preferred SUMC funds be spent on projects with a life of 30 or
more years and on projects that provided a large impact. Having a thorough
vetting process was important.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

16.   Public Hearing: Hear Objections to the Levy of Proposed Assessments
      on the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement District and
      Adoption of a Resolution 9332 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Confirming the Report of the Advisory Board and
      Levying Assessment for Fiscal Year 2014 on the Downtown Palo Alto
      Business Improvement District.”

Vice Mayor Shepherd would not participate in this Item as her husband had
a lease in the Business Improvement District (BID).
                                                                        Page 13 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/6/13
