                                    MINUTES
Ms. Silver answered yes. The State requirement did not allow the City to
impose additional parking requirements such as guest parking.

Council Member Klein asked if that was clearly stated in State law.

Ms. Silver indicated it was clear the City could not impose additional parking
requirements.

Council Member Klein inquired about the Council's discretion with respect to
the project.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the Council had no control over FAR and parking
because of State requirements. The 55-foot design exception was within the
Council's discretion. If the Council did not approve the DEE, the building
would remain at 55 feet in height; however, the proposed building would
lose some of the proposed architectural features. Another item within
Council discretion was the design exception for the setback; however, the
Council expressed interest in having greater setbacks along streets.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the Council's denial of the setback
exception would allow the building to be closer to the street.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes. The exception allowed the applicant to construct
the building farther back from the street.

Council Member Klein asked if the Council had any other areas of discretion.

Ms. Gitelman indicated another area for Council discretion was the CUP for
square footage. As Council Member Klein stated, the applicant would be
allowed more square footage if it retained the four individual parcels. The
Council also had discretion with respect to the MND. Staff prepared a CEQA
document based on analysis and asked the Council to accept the document
as part of the action.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the applicant could redesign the
project such that exceptions were not needed and thus not need Council
approval.

Mr. Reich reported a project with more than five dwelling units within a
mixed-use project was required to submit to site and design review, which
required P&TC and Council review.

Council Member Klein asked if the Council would have any reason to deny
the project in such a case.


                                                                        Page 15 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  November 18, 2013
