                               MINUTES
Mr. Bobel explained the Stanford Research Park presented the largest
opportunity for use of recycled water, because of its large area of
landscaping. The EIR would monitor the system and provide more study.
The level of salinity in Palo Alto water was not unusually high. Water of the
same salinity level was used in the arid West; water of higher salinity was
used in Southern California. There was some concern about using recycled
water for redwood trees, and the EIR needed to find a solution for that use.

Council Member Kniss requested examples of where recycled water could be
used.

Mr. Bobel stated golf courses, parks, and landscaping at commercial
facilities. Recycled water was used extensively in San Jose, Sunnyvale,
Southern California, and the Central Valley.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the salinity level of recycled water used
in San Jose and Sunnyvale.

Mr. Bobel indicated the TDS level in San Jose was in the mid-700s.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the goal level of TDS for Palo Alto
water.

Mr. Bobel reported the Council adopted a goal of 600 ppm for TDS.

Council Member Kniss did not believe the City would reach the goal of 600
ppm soon.

Mr. Bobel agreed. From an engineering perspective, the goal of 600 ppm
TDS could be achieved. Saline groundwater was leaking into the sewer
system. Relining sewers to prevent leakage was expensive, and projects
had to proceed slowly and in tandem with partners.           If the saline
groundwater leaks could be prevented, the City could achieve the TDS level
of 600 ppm.

Council Member Berman suggested Staff obtain information from other
locations around the State with similar landscape and similar salinity levels.
He understood the Golf Course had problems with salinity requiring
replacement of irrigation lines. He inquired whether the Project would have
the same problem with its supply lines.




04/01/2013                                                           112- 440
