                       WORKING MINUTES
Annual League of California Cities (LOCC) Conference to be held in
Sacramento, September 18-20, 2013 and approve the general guidance as
provided: 1) Resolution calling upon the Governor and the Legislature to
work with the League of California Cities in providing adequate funding to
prioritize water bonds to assist local government in water conservation,
groundwater recharge and reuse of storm water and urban runoff programs
(Support); and 2) Resolution calling upon the Governor and Legislature to
enter into discussions with the League and California Police Chiefs’
Association representatives to identify and enact strategies that will ensure
the success of public safety realignment from a local municipal law
enforcement perspective (Support).

Council Member Holman believed the positions were straightforward.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the two items were worthy of discussion and
activity at the conference.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Resolutions could be presented
from the floor at the conference.

Ms. Tucker did not believe Resolutions could be presented from the floor.
Cities and Committees had a limited opportunity to submit proposed
Resolutions prior to the conference.

Vice Mayor Shepherd added that the League of California Cities had a
Committee which reviewed Resolutions prior to the conference.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Kniss absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price said she participated in the launch of the Bike Share
Program on August 29, 2013. The City Manager’s Office was working on
how to fill the vacant Project Safety Net Manager position. The Ojakians
received the Jefferson Award for their work with suicide prevention and
mental health advocacy.

Council Member Burt requested two items for future Council Meetings: 1)
Consideration of discontinuation of the Transfer Development Rights (TDR)
of downtown, and 2) a need to review with the Architectural Review Board
the role of the downtown urban guidelines.

Mayor Scharff said that the first item, regarding the TDR, was already being
worked on by Staff.
                                                                        Page 15 of 17
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Working Minutes: 9/9/13
