                             MINUTES
Fund contained approximately $2.5 million. Those funds along with local
funds could be utilized to build an additional parking structure.

Mr. Keene noted Staff discussed the possibility of a different type of revenue
stream to allow the use of Certificates of Participation (COP) or a revenue
bond for construction of parking structures. The Parking Assessment District
would not be involved in this manner of financing. He favored exploring
those kinds of options. The difficulty with utilizing the in-lieu fee program
was that the accumulation of funds lagged behind parking demand.

Council Member Klein felt merchants were reluctant to agree to further
activities through the Parking Assessment District. He asked about financing
models used by other cities.

Mr. Keene indicated some portion of the parking problem could be solved
through a new model and pricing used by other jurisdictions. Staff would
have to perform further analysis to determine whether the entire parking
problem could be handled that way. Staff planned to consider different
financing alternatives for the Council.

Council Member Klein asked when those alternatives could be presented to
the Council.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Staff could include that assessment in the final report
and present it by mid-summer.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff had considered alternatives for
low-income workers who could not afford permit parking.

Mr. Williams reported Staff considered pricing tiers in garages or as part of a
permit parking program. The City Attorney's Office needed to review the
matter to ensure the distinctions were legal.

Council Member Holman was interested in the criteria for choosing the five
parking lots.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff recommended the five sites, because they
were located in the area where the community requested the largest amount
of parking, and because Staff felt the sites would yield the greatest amount
of parking spaces. Staff chose one site outside the Downtown area to allow
permit sales for more than just the Parking Assessment District if there was
interest in constructing a garage outside of Downtown.


                                                                            Page 12 of 20
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 5/20/13
