                                MINUTES
Voting For Don McDougall:       Holman, Schmid

Voting For Robert Moss:         Berman, Burt, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff,
Schmid

Voting For Joan Reid:           Holman, Shepherd

Voting For Greer Stone:

Donna Grider, City Clerk, announced that Bob Moss with 7 votes and Sheena
Chin with 5 votes were selected to serve in three year terms ending January
31, 2016.

6.    Appointment for One Unexpired Position on Public Art Commission
      ending on April 30, 2015 (Walsh Resignation).

First Round of voting for the Public Art Commission for one unexpired term
ending on April 30, 2015 (Walsh Resignation):

Voting For Jeanne Lavan:        Berman, Shepherd

Voting For Ben Miyaji: Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid

Voting For Elaine Poplingher:

Voting For Robin Theil:

Donna Grider, City Clerk, announced that Jeanne Lavan with 7 votes was
selected to serve in an unexpired term ending April 30, 2015.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Emily M. Renzel referenced Article 8 of the Palo Alto Charter. The Council
did not hold an election to discontinue park use. She requested Staff
segment the final plan by drainages in the hope that acreage could be
opened as parkland in 2014. By approving Agenda Item Number 13, the
Council would delay opening Byxbee Park for another two years. Rent for
unopened parkland had not been paid since July 2011.

Carolyn Curtis, Palo Alto Green Energy Initiative, preferred the landfill not be
capped until Staff knew the number of acres needed for an energy compost
facility. The Request for Proposal (RFP) was biased toward the export
option. The RFP suggested a rent of $10,800 per acre per month would be
charged; however, the Council had not implemented a rent amount. An
energy compost facility would benefit the City's Climate Protection Plan and
Zero Waste Initiative; therefore, it should merit free rent.
                                                                            Page 4 of 33
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 6/10/13
