                                MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd could not imagine retail businesses in a few of the
locations.   She was interested in having the Study, because she was
interested in designing for retail. She inquired whether including this item in
the Study would allow redevelopment with ground floor retail.

Mr. Williams reported zoning for Emerson Street could be considered as
redevelopment incorporating retail as part of the larger Study. This area
and much of the Downtown without the ground-floor overlay had a provision
that if a property was redeveloped, then it would be redeveloped and
designed to accommodate retail.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was interested in redevelopment including design
features.

Council Member Holman stated the 600 block of Emerson Street was a
critical block, a corridor connector between Downtown and SOFA.
Converting back to retail use from commercial use was nearly impossible.
For the security of businesses located in the 600 block of Emerson Street,
she urged Colleagues to support the original Motion.

SUSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 3-6, Klein, Price, Shepherd yes

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Klein, Price, Shepherd no

13.   Approval of a Water Enterprise Fund Contract with RMC Water and
      Environment, Inc. for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $193,914 to
      Complete the Environmental Analysis of Expanding the City's Recycled
      Water Delivery System (Continued From April 1, 2013).

Karen Sundback encouraged the Council to approve the contract.
Investigating the use of recycled water for landscaping made good sense.
She wished to see the study completed to find answers.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere supported continuing the study. He hoped the
study would examine and address concerns about the effect of salt on trees.
Salt levels were lower than other saltwater sources.

Vice Mayor Shepherd had not received any negative public communications
regarding the study. She inquired whether City landscaping or trees had
been damaged by the use of recycled water.




                                                                            Page 12 of 20
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 4/8/13
