                               MINUTES

13.   Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Section
      5.35 to Expand Plastic Bag Ban to Retail and Food Establishments,
      Require Retailers to Charge Fee for Paper Bag Use and Provision of
      Phased Implementation.

14.   Recommendation to Authorize the City Manager to Execute the Second
      Amended and Restated Memorandum of Agreement with the Bay Area
      Recycled Water Coalition to Pursue Federal Legislative Efforts Related
      to Recycled Water Projects.

15.   Resolution 9330 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving Amendment Number One to the Water Supply
      Agreement with the City and County of San Francisco”.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Number 7: 8-1 Holman no

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Numbers 8, 9, 11, 12, 14 and 15:
9-0

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Number 10:                  8-0 Shepherd not
participating

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Number 13:                    8-0 Berman not
participating

ACTION ITEMS

16.   Policy & Services Committee Recommendation to Approve Revisions to
      Section 2.4 of the City Council Protocols Setting Forth the Conduct of
      Council Liaisons to Palo Alto Boards and Commissions (continued from
      March 18, 2013).

Sheila Tucker, Assistant to the City Manager, recalled the Council asked the
Policy and Services Committee (Committee) to review and consider the
definition and responsibilities of a Council Liaison.         The Committee
recommended the Council Liaison role be identified by three tiers. The
revisions were an attempt to define the expectations for meeting attendance
and the expression of personal views at Tier 1, 2, and 3 meetings. The
provisions included a limitation of two years of service for Tier 1 and Tier 3
Liaisons.

Council Member Kniss reported the Committee struggled to differentiate
among the different levels of Liaisons. Under Tier 1, certain things could
                                                                            Page 7 of 18
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 4/15/13
