                       WORKING MINUTES
Kyoko Nakajima, Vice President of the Sister City relationship for Neighbor’s
Abroad Program introduced Jason Golbus, the person designated to
represent Palo Alto in running the marathon in Tsuchiura in April, 2013. She
also introduced the exchange students, the hosts, & the guests involved in
the exchange program. A background of the Tsuchiura program was given.
Gratitude was expressed to Palo Alto for the support given to Japan during
the Tsunami disaster.

Mayor Scharff presented the Proclamation for Tsuchiura, Japan and
mentioned all students involved in the program. A letter of appreciation was
presented and read from the Mayor of Tsuchiura, Japan.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, encouraged residents of and commuters into
Palo Alto to complete the City-Wide Transportation Survey online to
determine travel modes and commute patterns. The City was in the process
of approving a trial run for the Edgewood Eats special events application to
hold the event at the First Congregational Church on March 18, 2013. The
Cubberley Community Advisory Committee report would be presented
formally to the Council and the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) on
March 14, 2013, at 7:00 P.M. at the Cubberley Community Theatre.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Neilson Buchanan spoke regarding quality standards for Downtown North.
The most obvious concern was parking. Of 1,600 available parking spaces,
1,200 were filled during the week. He hoped the Council would provide a
definitive solution promptly.

Wynn Grcich reported water from the Crystal Springs reservoir was used to
flush a chloramine spill from a nearby creek. She preferred drinking the
toxin-free water. Water quality reports were misleading regarding the level
of lead in water.

Ken Alsman believed the March 18, 2013 Council Agenda could include a
Developer request to use City-owned land to build parking for his private
use. He requested the Council not consider the request.

CONSENT CALENDAR

None


                                                                         Page 2 of 16
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 3/11/13
