                              MINUTES
best tools to accomplish the Open Space Mission Statement was
environmental education.     The City was blessed to have this amazing
partnership with Environmental Volunteers, who provided high quality
environmental      education  and    interpretation to  the    community.
Environmental Volunteers was instrumental in educating park visitors and in
creating life-long environmental stewards.

Barbara Carlitz, Environmental Volunteers Board Co-Chairman, was honored
to receive a Star Award. Being housed in the Sea Scout House placed
Environmental Volunteers in a natural collaboration with City Staff.
Governments and non-profit organizations working together on a common
goal was good. She was pleased to share responsibility for educating the
community with the Open Space Division.

Alan Berkowitz, Environmental Volunteers Executive Director, stated the
project provided Environmental Volunteers with the opportunity to move into
a nature preserve to do its work and expand its mission. The community
had the wonderful opportunity to enhance the Baylands. The City's Open
Space Staff were wonderful to work with.

5.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Library Advisory
     Commission for Two Terms Expiring on January 31, 2016.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to interview seven candidates for the Library Advisory Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

6.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the              Public      Art
     Commission for One Term Expiring on April 30, 2015.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to interview four candidates for the Public Art Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, announced 1) on April 17, 2013 the
new trees on California Avenue will be pruned to improve structure and
performance, 2) Sheila Tucker, the Assistant to the City Manager has been
working on the “Know Your Neighbors” grant program launched last week to
assist residents to build a sense of community.

                                                                          Page 4 of 18
                                                          City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 4/15/13
