                            MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the Council would vote on the Motion on June 17,
and inquired whether the topics open for negotiation could be limited.

Mr. Aknin understood the primary issues were safety related to traffic and
visual impacts related to three-story homes along Maybell Avenue.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked Council Member Klein what the Council should
expect to receive from negotiations.

Council Member Klein hoped the Council would receive an agreement
between PAHC and a representative group of the neighborhood.  Any
agreement could be included in Council Motions or rejected.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the Coalition for Safe and Sensible
Zoning.

Ms. Stump knew only the name and address for the group.

Mayor Scharff requested a representative of Coalition for Safe and Sensible
Zoning provide additional information about the group.

Jennifer Fryhling, Maybell Action Group, indicated Coalition for Safe and
Sensible Zoning was comprised of four members. Other groups and a large
number of members comprised the Maybell Action Group.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether the Maybell Action Group would like to
appoint a designee to participate in negotiations.

Ms. Fryhling answered yes. Barron Park Association, Green Acres II, Maybell
Action Group, and the Coalition would like to have designees at the meeting.

Vice Mayor Shepherd continued to have questions regarding the Motion that
could provide additional information for the negotiations.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether continuing the item would also reopen the
public hearing.

Ms. Stump felt it was safe to assume the public hearing should be reopened.

Mayor Scharff announced public comment would be held on June 17 if the
Council approved the Motion to Continue.

Ms. Stump added that the public could learn the results of the negotiations
at the meeting itself.



                                                                        Page 14 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
