                       WORKING MINUTES
the Stanford University Medical Center funds and make recommendations to
the Council until such time that the funds are exhausted.

Council Member Price believed the distinction between infrastructure
projects and programmatic items would benefit from further discussion.

Council Member Holman felt the procedure as set forth was straightforward.

Council Member Klein indicated the Infrastructure Committee was
developing a list of projects in rank order with funding sources for Council
consideration and adoption. Annually the Finance Committee would review
the list of projects and reprioritize the projects as needed. The Committee
wanted the projects to be implemented quickly.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Finance Committee would
determine that a project ranked first or second would receive all funding
from what was available in that category at that time or whether the Finance
Committee would utilize the list to inform its decision regarding funding.

Council Member Klein explained that when the Council developed the list, it
would also determine how a particular project was to be funded.

Council Member Burt was unclear as to the intent of the language. He
inquired whether the Finance Committee review and revision meant revising
the ranking of projects.

Council Member Klein stated the Finance Committee could revise the ranking
of projects.

Council Member Burt remarked that a list could be made according to
priorities but priorities might not align with sequence. He assumed the
intent was that the list and priorities would inform the amount of funding
and the sequencing and timing of projects.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Committee discussion focused
generally on spending funding sooner rather than later and establishing a
framework that would inform the Budget process. The thought was that the
Council should have the ability to reorient funding while establishing a
framework for use of the funds.

Council Member Burt did not believe the revision process was clear as to
whether revision would occur with respect to rank, priority or sequence.


                                                                        Page 8 of 17
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 9/9/13
