Mr. Rodriguez reported SamTrans had made it very clear that VTA should
take the lead in dedicating funds within San Mateo County for improvement
of the Transit Mall. At the same time, VTA would likely not propose
improvements along Urban Lane, because it was not within the area VTA
operated or maintained. The two main transit agencies likely would not take
the first step toward improvements.

Council Member Price asked if Project Numbers 8 and 9 could be
accomplished separately.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes. Project Number 8 could proceed independently
of Project Number 9.

Council Member Price concurred with comments of the public regarding
PABAC involvement in the process, and requested Staff comment on that.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated PABAC participated in the development of the
projects as part of the development of the Bicycle-Pedestrian Transportation
Plan. PABAC was actively involved in the Adobe Creek/Highway 101 Bridge
and the El Camino Real Corridor Improvements. PABAC also participated in
the submittal of projects to the BEP. The Program was released to the public
just before the holidays, and Staff did not have time to develop a
presentation for the Council in December. Staff utilized PABAC input from
the Bicycle-Pedestrian Transportation Plan to develop the list of proposed
projects. He did not believe the public speaker made a fair comment.

Council Member Price felt expertise should be utilized to support the
strength of applications.    PABAC was actively involved in the Bicycle-
Pedestrian Transportation Plan.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council or any Palo Alto
Commission had reviewed the Birch Street Gateway.

Mr. Rodriguez responded no. He developed the concept for the Birch Street
Gateway, because he thought it would fit the funding criteria for the OBAG
program. More importantly, it would build upon momentum established
within the community, specifically with the California Avenue Streetscape
Project. One of the main elements of the OBAG program was to create place
setting and identity for a community. The Birch Street Gateway Project did
that.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated the community felt projects should be fully
vetted before grant applications were submitted. She did not believe Project


                                  16                   February 11, 2013
