                       WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Klein noted Palo Alto did have a history of renaming
facilities.  When the character of the building was changed, it was
appropriate to rename the facility. The function of Main Library would
remain the same despite the name change. This was an opportunity to
name an important building after a deceased, distinguished Palo Alto
resident. There was no consistency in naming other libraries that had to be
followed in renaming Main Library. The Policy and Services Committee
should consider a number of names and make a recommendation to the
Council for action.

Council Member Price felt this was an opportunity to do something distinctive
with the library site.

Mayor Scharff stated Council Member Klein's arguments could be utilized for
renaming Main Library as Rinconada Library. Most libraries were named for
places. The Council should honor the LAC's recommendation. He inquired
about the effect of further consideration of a new name on the construction
schedule for Main Library.

Ms. Ziesenhenne did not have the information with respect to cost or delay.

Mayor Scharff recalled Ms. Ziesenhenne referred to six to nine months for a
signage package. He asked about the effect of not having a signage
package.

Ms. Ziesenhenne reported the Public Works Department was waiting to
complete the signage package until the name was known. The signage
package would be delayed while a design was determined.

Council Member Holman inquired whether designs for the signage was
established.

Ms. Ziesenhenne indicated the design was consistent with other libraries;
however, a package had to be compiled with the number and locations of
signs. There could be differences in how signage was affixed because of the
renovation.

Council Member Holman asked about the process for approving signage.

Ms. Ziesenhenne stated library signage was part of the initial design process
and was approved.

Council Member Holman preferred leaving the name as Main Library or
renaming it for a distinguished citizen.
                                                                        Page 12 of 17
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Working Minutes: 9/9/13
