                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein explained water projects were immense and required
a great deal of time to study. Allocation of water resources was a part of
governmental structure.

Council Member Kniss indicated the City was in the midst of an EIR, which
was different from implementing the recycled water project. The Motion was
to obtain additional information about the use of recycled water. She would
be interested in the information provided by the EIR, and inquired about the
length of time needed to complete the EIR.

Mr. Procos projected a final EIR would be presented to the Council in
approximately a year. If the Council approved the EIR, then Staff had to
develop a financing plan and present that to the Council for consideration.

Council Member Kniss believed few topics in California history had been as
incendiary as water.

Mr. Keene appreciated the Council's concern for managing the externalities
associated with this Project. A viable reclaimed water project was in the
future for every city. This Project was an essential part of the City's long-
term repertoire for managing the future for the City. Moving ahead gave the
City a stronger position for advocating with its partners.

Mayor Scharff opposed the Motion, because the issues of infiltration should
be solved prior to proceeding with the Project. A TDS level of 800 ppm was
not good enough.       Mitigations of planting salt-tolerant plants was not
acceptable.    Putting salt into the earth caused irreversible, long-term
damage to the soil. He questioned Staff wanting to sell part of the City's
water allocation if San Francisco could reduce the amount of water allocated
to Palo Alto. He did not believe Staff was substantially reviewing the salt
issue.

Council Member Holman had concerns about the Project, because the
Stanford Research Park was across town from the Bay and had extensive
landscaping.    One of the most effective means of conservation was
conservation. Palo Alto did not have any gray water programs for residential
or commercial use. She agreed with Council Member Berman's comments
regarding replacement of the irrigation system at the Golf Course due to salt
content. She would support a reclaimed water program along the Bay where
the salt content of the soil was higher. Basic questions needed to be
answered before the Council spent more money on the Project.




04/01/2013                                                          112- 442
