                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein felt the endowment concept was inconsistent with the
Council's intention of spending SUMC funds on impactful projects.
Endowments were meant to be a permanent source of funding for ongoing
expenses.

Mr. Keene requested the Council provide a Motion removing the endowment
portion from the Guiding Principles.

Council Member Klein inquired whether $260,000 in the FY 2014 Proposed
Budget for Project Safety Net was in addition to or a part of the $2 million
amount.

Mr. Keene stated it was part of the $2 million amount.

Council Member Klein hoped the Council would consider allocating the
remainder of funds in the Community Health and Safety Programs category
to programs for other age groups. Youth were important, but so were the
elderly and those aged 21-65. The language at the bottom of page 7
regarding OBAG grants was misleading, because Staff did not expect to
receive $25 million. He asked if Staff had projects in mind for the proposed
$1.5 million for affordable housing.

Curtis Williams, Director Planning and Community Environment, reported
$1.5 million could serve as a transition for many projects. For example, it
could supplement cash flow for some projects. Staff did not anticipate using
the funds for only one project. Rather, Staff proposed reserving funds for a
transition period for a project.

Council Member Klein inquired about the amount of development impact
fees, in addition to $5.4 million, Staff anticipated collecting.

Mr. Keene noted the $5.4 million amount was not part of the SUMC funds.

Mr. Williams would return with that information.

Council Member Klein inquired about Staff's reasoning for preserving
development impact fees until the end of the project to help address
remaining mitigations.

Mr. Ramberg reported other funds were set aside; therefore, Staff would not
necessarily need to use development impact fees at a later time. The
Project Operating Deficit category covered unanticipated costs.

                                                                      Page 10 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/6/13
