                               MINUTES
Vice Chair Bacchetti felt Palo Alto was in a position to do something
important in terms of homelessness. The Task Force brought together many
agencies in an attempt to implement long-term strategies to help homeless
people rebuild their lives and achieve independence.

Council Member Price remarked that that jurisdictions, governmental entities
and boundaries were inconvenient with respect to homelessness.

Chair O’Nan indicated issues such as homelessness recurred because the
underlying problems were chronic. A sustainable funding source for services
was needed, because people within the community would always be at risk.

Council Member Berman requested Commissioners contact him directly with
concerns. He suggested the HRC collaborate with San Mateo County as well
as Santa Clara County.       The recent focus on homelessness was an
opportunity to make strides in providing services.

Vice Mayor Shepherd recommended the HRC consult with Staff regarding the
technicalities of Commissioners meeting with Council Members in order to
maintain independence of thought. She agreed with Council Member Schmid
that the HRC should report changes in the community. The HSRAP service
report provided context for discussion of other topics. She wanted to
understand the cases presented for mediation to provide further context.

The City Council adjourned to the Council Chambers at 7:10 P.M.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

None

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, announced Bike Palo Alto 2013 was
scheduled for Sunday, October 13, 2013 from 1:00 P.M. to 4:00 P.M. The
Art Center would host an opening celebration of the fall exhibit Bibliophilia
on Friday, October 11, 2013. The 2013-2014 Children's Theatre school
outreach productions were underway at Juana Briones Elementary, El
Carmelo Elementary and Hoover Elementary. The Palo Alto Art Center
Foundation received a grant from the Creative Work Fund to support a
residency project. Landscape contractors were scheduled to renovate King
Plaza on Tuesday, October 15, 2013. October 6-12, 2013 was Public Power
Week and Public Natural Gas Week.


                                                                         Page 5 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/7/13
