                               MINUTES
Ms. Stump felt Staff was concerned about the amount of time needed to
have a full conversation with State regulatory agencies and the short time
remaining under the existing order.        Perhaps Staff might be more
comfortable if the Motion directed Staff to keep the Council apprised of
regulatory compliance issues rather than Staff ensuring compliance.

Council Member Kniss asked if Staff would support a direction to inform the
Council of compliance.

Council Member Klein suggested language for regulatory compliance was not
needed. If Legislative intervention was needed, it would not occur quickly.
The Council could not commit to the need for capping construction;
therefore, Staff informing the Council of regulatory compliance was the best
way forward.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER after ”2) direct Staff to seek regulatory approval
for postponing the” add “capping of the.”

Mr. Keene suggested the language for Number 4 of the Motion be "all of this
with the goal of remaining in regulatory compliance."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add “4) and all of this with the goal of
remaining in regulatory compliance.”

Council Member Burt understood from Staff that the City would be out of
regulatory compliance if the City received a denial and did not have a
construction contract in place.     He inquired whether Staff viewed a
construction contract as an insurance policy for regulatory compliance.

Mr. Bobel explained having a construction contract in place would allow the
City to proceed immediately with capping if a denial was issued.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff needed Council approval to issue a bid
for construction of the cap.

Mr. Bobel indicated Staff sought authorization to issue a bid; however,
Council authorization was not technically necessary.          Because of the
sensitivity of the matter, Staff felt it wise to obtain Council concurrence to
issue a bid.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff needed Council approval to
release a construction contract.

01-14-2013                                                          112- 191
