                               MINUTES

Mr. Keene felt either of those areas would be appropriate.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested Staff and the Policy and Services Committee
consider sophisticated transit management.

Council Member Holman stated the expenditure of funds should reflect the
City's values and Guiding Principles. The Motion was to develop formal
Guiding Principles and an approval process for the use of SUMC funds. She
inquired whether funding proposals would still be reviewed by the Finance
Committee.

Council Member Klein explained that the Motion was to create an approval
process.  Each particular project would be presented to the Finance
Committee for review.

Council Member Holman wanted Finance Committee review of proposals to
be part of the Policy and Services Committee discussion.

Council Member Klein understood it would be part of the discussion. The
Policy and Service Committee's responsibility was to recommend one
approval process.

Council Member Holman believed one result of the discussion would be
ratings, rankings, and identification of community needs.

Council Member Price supported the Motion. Project Safety Net was a
critical program within the City. She disagreed with comments regarding
endowments, because there were methods for limiting the lifespan of an
endowment.        She    inquired  whether   Staff  would  return   with
recommendations for use of the $1.5 million proposed to be set aside for
affordable housing.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council receive the Policy and Services Committee
recommendations for Guiding Principles before answering that question.
Important to note was that Staff made the request.

Council Member Price stated the Policy and Services Committee would make
recommendations regarding the process and Guiding Principles while Staff
developed other facets for affordable housing.

Mr. Keene believed the Council would be interested in having potential uses
for funding to frame the discussion about Guiding Principles. The Finance
Committee would determine whether a proposal met the Guiding Principles.
                                                                     Page 12 of 26
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/6/13
