                              MINUTES
identified three consulting parties regarding the historic nature of the
building.

Council Member Burt inquired about the reason for holding the Closed
Session regarding the Post Office Building prior to the policy discussion.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Council traditionally held Closed
Sessions prior to Regular Meetings. That allowed the Council to hold the
Closed Session at a reasonable hour, given the close of Council meetings
tended to be late in the evening.

Council Member Burt believed holding a policy discussion after a Closed
Session on the same topic was not tradition.

Ms. Stump added that the permissible Closed Session under the real estate
exception to the Brown Act was fairly narrow. It was limited to price and
terms of payment with respect to lease or sale. Policy-level matters were
not Closed Session items. The scope of the two items were not concurrent
and she indicated that the order of the two Items were within Council
discretion.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to continue Agenda Item Number 2, Closed Session “CONFERENCE WITH
LABOR NEGOTIATORS City Designated Representatives: City Manager and
his designees pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James
Keene, Pamela Antil, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Kathryn Shen, Sandra Blanch,
Marcie Scott, Darrell Murray, Val Fong) Employee Organization: Utilities
Management and Professional Association of Palo Alto (UMPAPA) Authority:
Government Code Section 54957.6(a)” to the end of the current meeting.

Council Member Burt said the policy discussion would influence the Closed
Session discussion.

Council Member Klein stated the only justification for holding the Closed
Session first was to obtain confidential information which could influence
Council Member questions in the open session. In the past, the Council held
Closed Sessions at the end of meetings.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to limit the closed session to only hearing
confidential information with no decision on the merits of the issue.



                                                                      Page 2 of 21
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 5/13/13
