                               MINUTES
one part of a parking solution.       Staff was reconsidering the Parking
Assessment District model as part of parking changes.

Council Member Klein supported item (c), because it was a direction to Staff
to evaluate the potential of a public-private partnership of a parking garage.

Council Member Holman suggested Staff's analysis for item (c) include
assessment of the value of the lot if it was zoned PF or CDC.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether that request would change Staff's
work.

Mr. Williams was concerned that Staff would be analyzing many aspects of
parking.

Vice Mayor Shepherd did not wish to be prescriptive.

Mr. Williams asked the Council to provide their concerns.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested Council Member Holman state her requests
for Staff.

Council Member Holman requested Staff evaluate the value added to the
City, the cost savings for the developer, how loading zones would be
addressed, and possibilities to maximize the utility by having underground
parking.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

Council Member Holman recused herself from item (d) at 9:45 P.M., because
she received income within the past 12 months from the Palo Alto History
Museum, which could be impacted by item (d), and she had an interest in
her residence, which was within 500 feet of a residential neighborhood
adjacent to the Commercial Downtown District.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to direct Staff to evaluate and implement near-term (1-6 months) downtown
parking improvements, including but not limited to:         d) evaluation of
restrictions on the creation/use of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR).

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked Staff to address the conflict between restricting
TDRs and incentivizing preservation of historic buildings.


                                                                        Page 17 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 3/18/13
