                           DRAFT MINUTES

Mr. Keene said Staff would do that. The Council was having a public
discussion similar to any discussion with employees about the realities of the
City's financial situation, rising costs, and the need to identify alternatives.
Staff had to pursue discussion of any alternatives with all represented
employees in fair bargaining. The Council wanted Staff to manage costs
such that costs were affordable, and wanted employees and retirees to share
in those costs. Those were the only directives. Staff could entertain
different alternatives with the understanding that the Council wanted those
goals accepted and used to frame the conversation. The main issue Staff
encountered was a desire not to have retirees make any contribution ever in
the future.

Council Member Berman believed the conversation helped him better
understand employee total compensation and the unforeseen consequences
of past decisions. The Council was constrained by outside factors. He hoped
employees and the public gained a better understanding and appreciation for
the City's current situation. He inquired whether Staff had a sense of
whether employees would be interested in a high deductible plan.

Ms. Shen reported Staff did not specifically survey on a high deductible plan.
At the CalPERS conference last year, there was a lot of discussion about
CalPERS offering that plan. The plan would reduce the employee cost,
especially for younger employees. That would be a good alternative as long
as the City allowed employees to opt into different types of plans and to
change that as circumstances warranted.            CalPERS indicated it was
reviewing the possibility of a high deductible plan.

Council Member Berman inquired about the age range for "younger"
employees.

Ms. Shen indicated early 20s into 30s. She wanted the City to have more
college recruiting for employees, and agreed with Council Member Schmid's
comment regarding the lack of young employees.

Council Member Berman requested a ballpark estimate of savings a younger
employee could achieve with a high deductible plan versus the current
lowest cost plan.

Ms. Salazar could only hazard a wild guess, but could share estimates from
the private sector. Because CalPERS was the second largest purchaser of
healthcare in the U.S. and the largest purchaser of healthcare in California,
the demographics varied. Employees who pursued high deductible health
plans were both young and middle-aged, because it was a financial
                                                                          Page 16 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
