                               MINUTES
Ms. Tucker explained Staff and the Committee worked through issues in
trying to define the role of Liaison.

Council Member Kniss reported the assignment to the Committee was to
make Section 2.4 more readable so people would understand the different
assignments and expectations for those assignments. One of the issues was
expectations for Liaisons, particularly with respect to CBOs. Ms. Tucker's
suggestions were fine as long as the Council understood the intent of
revising the language.

Council Member Burt agreed with the Committee's intent. He hoped Tier 3
would better clarify the expectations for Council Liaison participation when
representing the Council to CBOs. There had been questions regarding
Council Members' participation and attendance at all meetings. Tier 1
should better clarify the roles, responsibilities, and limitations of Council
Members. Deleting the original language could have reduced some of the
clarification on Council Members' limit of authority in that representation.

Council Member Price reported the Committee's original intent for Tier 2 in
terms of the appointment process was to provide information that some
appointments were not strictly a Mayor's decision. The Mayor recommended
a Liaison, and then the City Council voted on the recommendation. By
adding the detail, the Committee attempted to make the distinction that the
Mayor did not appoint the Liaison in all cases. In its general discussion
regarding responsibilities of Liaisons to CBOs, the Committee expected a
Liaison's attendance at CBO meetings would be periodic. The Liaison would
have more flexibility in his attendance responsibility, and would not attend
each and every meeting.

Council Member Holman believed it was appropriate for a Liaison to offer as
examples policy guidance in discussions; institutional memory or background
when appropriate; procedural guidance where appropriate; guidance on the
scope of recommendations appropriate to provide to the Council; and to
consider whether the body had the tools it needed to fulfill its role. She
wished to include those elements in the description for Tier 1. A Council
Member was to refrain from participating in meetings in such a manner that
he could influence the policy, program, or project recommendation to the
Council. A Council Member was not to participate as a Board Member or
Commissioner. That language should be added. The language at the top of
page 671 regarding policy established by a majority of the Council was
redundant, because there was no policy unless a majority of the Council
voted on it.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested the historic reason for the Council not
                                                                           Page 10 of 18
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 4/15/13
