                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene deferred his response until the Mayor commented on the topic.

Council Member Holman hoped the community would build a positive future
now that Measure D had been determined. This was an opportunity for the
Council to review its criteria for projects and work with the community to
develop a positive approach with more positive outcomes.

Council Member Berman hosted a Cub Scout Troop in the Council Chambers.
He invited scouts to contact the City Clerk's Office for tours.

Mayor Scharff reported Palo Alto's Sister City, Palo, Philippines, sustained
catastrophic damage during the recent typhoon. The City would work with
Neighbors Abroad to provide assistance and funds to Palo. He encouraged
the entire community to send donations to Palo Alto Disaster Relief and the
Red Cross. In response to Council Members' interest, a Study Session to
launch a community dialog regarding planning for the community's future
was scheduled for December 2, 2013. Council Members should submit
topics for the Study Session to the City Manager as soon as possible. Topics
could include Planned Community (PC) Zoning, the Comprehensive Plan, and
traffic and parking policies.    He and the City Manager removed from
tentative Agendas the Arrillaga Project and the Jay Paul Company Project to
allow a discussion of PC Zoning to occur prior to discussion of the two
projects. The Council meeting on December 9, 2013, would include a
separate Study Session regarding the next steps for the Maybell site
following the Measure D election.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council would engage in a Study Session to identify
issues and could request further information from Staff.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the community could also provide input at the
Study Sessions.

Mr. Keene felt residents could address the Council at the Study Sessions and
utilize Council email. Council Members amongst themselves needed to
identify issues and needed information.       He hoped the Council would
consider the magnitude of the variety of issues in comparison to the capacity
of Staff.

Council Member Holman inquired about next steps following the Study
Sessions as the Council did not provide Motions or directions to Staff during
Study Sessions.

Mayor Scharff believed the Council would agendize an Action Item once Staff
reviewed information from the Study Session.
                                                                        Page 3 of 12
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/12/13
