                             MINUTES
     c. Amend Section 18.18.080(g) to remove the on-site parking
        exemption for floor area bonuses derived through historic and
        seismic upgrades via the transfer of development rights (TDR)
        program (where up to 5,000 square feet (SF) of floor area for each
        type of upgrade is allowed for receiver sites in the CD or downtown
        PC zoning districts).
     d. Amend Section 18.52.070(a)(3) to disallow the parking exemption
        for floor area developed or used previously for non-residential
        purposes and vacant at the time of the engineer’s report during the
        parking district assessment. (keep sq footage but eliminate parking
        exemption)

Vice Mayor Shepherd expressed concern about the possible unintended
consequences of incentivizing people to seismically retrofit their historic
buildings. She wanted to understand whether the amount of in-lieu fees was
appropriate. Generally she disagreed with moratoriums. She also was
having difficulty with not allowing the 540 Hamilton Avenue project to
proceed.

Mr. Keene remarked that use of a parking exemption as an incentive was
outdated. He recommended the Council direct Staff to return separately
with other incentives related to historic and seismic improvements. There
might be other credits the City could offer.

Vice Mayor Shepherd questioned whether the revisions should be delayed
and presented with a TDM Program. She could support a Motion with better
incentives and inclusion of a TDM Program.

Council Member Holman did not agree with delaying revisions, but did agree
that other programs needed to be brought forward. She inquired about the
reason for a two-year effective period.

Mr. Aknin explained that the Downtown Development CAP Study Phase 1
and Phase 2 would require one to two years.

Council Member Holman recalled reading in PTC Minutes that Phase 1 would
require six months and asked if 1 1/2 years were needed for Phase 2.

Mr. Aknin indicated between one and two years was needed.

Mr. Keene stated the application, interpretation and policy changes
generated by Phase 2 would take time.



                                                                     Page 25 of 34
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 10/21/13
