                                   MINUTES
Mr. Keene reported the intent of the design was to step the building back.

Council Member Klein asked if extending the height limit to 55 feet changed
the square foot budget.

Mr. Reich responded no.

Council Member Klein did not like the loss of local control under State
mandates. He asked if the City was required to obey State mandates.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported that the applicant's
proposal to deed restrict 10 percent of units for affordable housing legally
entitled the applicant to one concession.       The applicant requested a
concession of floor area ratio (FAR) bonus. Because Palo Alto did not have a
local Ordinance prioritizing concessions at the current time, existing State
Density Bonus Law applied to the project and required a concession.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the situation would change if the
Council adopted a local Ordinance prioritizing concessions.

Ms. Silver explained that the Regional Housing Mandate Committee recently
recommended placing a percentage limitation on the use of an FAR bonus.
She was unsure how the limitation would impact this project.

Ms. Gitelman understood the Regional Housing Mandate Committee
recommended use of the FAR bonus be limited to residential uses only. If
the project was proposed after an Ordinance including that limitation was
adopted, the applicant could not seek the additional FAR for commercial
square footage without submitting to the process for changing the
concession.

Council Member Klein did not believe the density bonus was the only
concession. He inquired whether the Council could require parking meet
local requirements under the State mandate.

Ms. Silver reported the State Density Bonus Law limited the City's ability to
require additional parking if the applicant requested reduced parking.

Council Member Klein asked if the applicant requested reduced parking.

Ms. Silver replied yes.

Council Member Klein inquired whether parking met State requirements and
whether State requirements applied rather than local requirements.



                                                                       Page 14 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 November 18, 2013
