                                      MINUTES
West Bayshore Road, or another Council-directed priority. The penalty was
one of five public benefits given to the City in exchange for a Planned
Community (PC) Ordinance Amendment. Under the first option, potential
projects could include the University Avenue Transit Depot, the Lucie Stern
Community Center, or the Roth Building. If the City purchased the Post
Office, then it could be a potential project. Under the second option, the
sidewalk would extend along West Bayshore Road from Channing Avenue to
the border with East Palo Alto. The Bike and Pedestrian Transportation Plan
indicated the need for this sidewalk. The cost of a sidewalk would be
approximately $62,000 for design and approximately $411,000 for
construction. Staff mailed surveys to Edgewood Drive residents where the
sidewalk would be constructed.        Of the six responses received, three
approved if impacts were mitigated and three disapproved. A petition from
Palo Alto and East Palo Alto residents requested construction of a sidewalk
and bike lane. Other correspondence requested improvements for bike
riders along with construction of a sidewalk, requested funds be allocated to
rehabilitation of a historic resource, and supported construction of a
sidewalk.

Public Hearing opened at 10:24 P.M.

Trish Mulvay supported construction of a sidewalk along with bicycle,
pedestrian, and parking options. The petition was provided by East Palo Alto
residents and not the City of East Palo Alto. An asphalt surface could be
constructed to allow pedestrian and bicycle usage during the day and
overnight parking.      If the Council chose to allocate the money to
rehabilitation of a historic resource, she hoped funds would be utilized for
the Lucie Stern Community Center.

Horst Haussecker reported the noise from speeding traffic along West
Bayshore Road exceeded noise from the freeway. Trees in the construction
area were utilized as a sound barrier for neighbors. Overnight parking
created additional noise and trash and blocked access to gates. A lower
speed limit and parking restrictions along West Bayshore Road were needed
rather than a sidewalk.

Public Hearing closed at 10:31 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve Staff’s recommendation to apply the penalty paid for the
Edgewood Plaza PC Amendment for the historic preservation of a public
building.

Mayor Scharff clarified that the Motion did not name a specific building.

                                                                         Page 25 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   November 18, 2013
