                               MINUTES
was devoted to public benefit, then the numbers would change. If land costs
were removed and site development was more scalable, then the public
benefit and the size of the project moved closer to a 1:1 ratio. If the land
value was removed, then the net present value increased to $46.9 million,
which resulted in another $30 million that could be assigned to public
benefit. The economic analysis was a projection based on assumptions. He
was interested in Council input on key decision points in order to perform
the remainder of the analysis. The development market was inherently
risky. Typically Developers added a risk margin to cover risk factors that
could be adverse to a project. The portion of the profit that should be
allocated to public benefit was open to discussion. His approach and the
basic model were tools the City and the Developer could use as the project
moved through the planning process. It was a method to consider different
alternatives for the project and different considerations of what constituted
public benefits.

James Keene, City Manager, remarked that the Council could choose to
pursue other factors and methodologies. The public benefit analysis was
separate from the zoning review and CEQA analysis. The project, which
required PC Zoning, was entirely within the Council's discretion. The Council
could demand any public benefit level, regardless of an analysis. Staff's role
was to support the Council's decision.

Elaine Johnson understood the scope of the development would add at least
1,200 cars per day to traffic. The current traffic backed up daily into the
Ventura area. Three proposed driveways would cross the bicycle boulevard,
which would not be safe for bicyclists and pedestrians.

Robert Moss agreed with performing an economic analysis; however, there
were problems with the initial study. Office building development costs
should have been estimated at $200-$300 per square foot. The $33 million
amount for the land was grossly overestimated. The cost for parking spaces
was higher than normal. Operating revenue should be more than $7 per
square foot. The construction costs were overstated, and the value of the
construction was grossly understated.

Herb Borock referred to analyses performed by others in the press.         Using
figures from the analysis and Former Mayor Rosenbaum's standard for        public
benefit, the City's public benefit should be $55 million.        The       study
understated revenue and overstated expenses; therefore, the City's         share
should be more than $55 million. The project should not proceed.



                                                                        Page 12 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/16/13
