                                MINUTES
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor
Scharff to direct our delegate, Vice Mayor Shepherd, to vote on the two
amendments after consideration of the issues, according to her conscience.

Council Member Holman would support continuing the item to allow Vice
Mayor Shepherd to answer Council Member Klein's concerns. Allowing the
Vice Mayor to vote her conscience did not address Council Member Klein's
concerns.

MOTION TO CONTINUE: Council Member Holman moved to continue this
item to next Council meeting.

Mayor Scharff would not support the Motion to Continue because it would
burden the Agenda. He would prefer Vice Mayor Shepherd report her vote
to the Council.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 5-1 Holman no, Burt, Schmid, Shepherd
absent

16.   Authorization to the City Manager to Fly the Rainbow Flag in King Plaza
      and Potential Adoption of Resolution 9326 Authorizing the City
      Manager to Fly the Rainbow Flag in King Plaza; and Possible Additional
      Discussion and Action Adopting a Position Regarding Proposition 8
      and/or the Federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA)

James Keene, City Manager, requested the Council provide him with explicit
authorization to fly the Rainbow Flag in King Plaza. Staff provided a
Resolution to allow the Council to express its formal position with regard to
Proposition 8 and the Federal Defense of Marriage Act.

Greg Betts urged Council approval of the City Manager's recommendation.
The Rainbow Flag was displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign
of diversity and inclusiveness, of hope and yearning. Palo Alto celebrated
the background and cultures of all of its citizens.

Omar Chatty was concerned by language regarding marriage in the
Resolution.  The Resolution should advocate civil unions rather than
marriage between same sex persons.

Faith Bell would be proud to live in a city that flew the Rainbow Flag.



04/01/2013                                                            112- 449
