                  WORKING MINUTES

Council Member Burt meant the area between Interstate 280 and Junipero
Serra.

Supervisor Simitian asked if the speed limit should be reduced the length of
that area or only at the intersection.

Council Member Burt responded the full length. The speed limit continued
into an area of high congestion.

Supervisor Simitian inquired whether Council Member Burt was suggesting
that area be designated at a lower speed limit.

Council Member Burt replied yes.

Supervisor Simitian asked if the modification at Alpine Road would be
appropriate for the Page Mill Road and Interstate 280 interchange.

Council Member Burt responded yes. County Staff was discussing a long-
term, comprehensive solution; however, he was searching for a short-term
solution. With respect to flood control projects, the City may need to
request County support regarding multiple regulatory agency permitting
quagmires. He inquired whether the City could turn to Supervisor Simitian
to provide the City's viewpoint and to advance the project.

Supervisor Simitian suggested the City provide him with potential solutions.
Having only a list of challenges hampered his ability to prioritize efforts on
behalf of the City. If the City provided a list of one or two righteous
projects, he or his staff could be most helpful.

Council Member Berman was heartened to hear Supervisor Simitian's
concerns regarding people on the margin of homelessness. Left-hand turn
lanes on Page Mill Road blocked through traffic. Perhaps the lights along
Page Mill Road could be part of the project to synchronize traffic lights.

Mayor Scharff concurred with Council Member Holman's comments regarding
flooding at Alma Street and Oregon Expressway.

Supervisor Simitian related events that occurred in his early days in the
State Senate and with the County Board of Supervisors. He noted prior
issues with the interchange.



                                                                              Page 5 of 24
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
