                               MINUTES
approximately $1 million, $600,000 of which affected the General Fund. The
Budget also included a 2 percent salary increase for Miscellaneous
Employees, non-represented managers and Service Employees International
Union (SEIU) members. Approval of the 2 percent increase in the Budget
did not mean the Council approved the actual increase for each
classification. That would be presented in a separate process. Staff also
unfroze seven Police Officer positions at various levels of the organization
and increased overtime to align with actual usage resulting in a $1.7 million
impact.     Development Center revenue and expenses increased due to
accounting changes for deposit accounts. The Library Foundation donated
$500,000 to increase the Library's collection. Staff trued up the hourly staff
budget for the Community Services Department by approximately $400,000.
The Golf Course Reconfiguration Project also decreased expenses. Council
provided Staff with a net impact target of $500,000 for Animal Services.
Staff projected an impact of $285,000; however, that would change to an
impact of approximately $582,000 because of the loss of Mountain View.
The Finance Committee recommended an additional $55,000 be allocated to
Human Services Resource Allocation Progress (HSRAP). In FY 2016, Staff
expected impacts from CalPERS because of changes in assumptions. The
projections did not reflect savings from the third tier pension. Healthcare
costs were a continuing challenge for the organization. Sales tax was
approaching the all time high revenue amount set in 2001. The TOT was
projected to reach all time high amounts in FY 2014. 52 percent of the
City's revenues were based on taxes. Staff positions would increase by 4
Full Time Equivalents (FTE).       The number of General Fund FTEs was
maintained in order to control pension and healthcare liabilities. The Parking
District requested Staff positions be centralized within those funds;
therefore, 1.86 FTEs were reallocated. The FY 2014 Proposed Budget
totaled $466 million; the General Fund totaled $33.4 million. Within the
General Fund, buildings and facilities accounted for 18 percent of the Capital
Improvement Program (CIP); streets and sidewalks 27 percent; and parks
and open space 35 percent. Staff expected to issue debt of approximately
$5 million for the Golf Course Reconfiguration Project. Staff added notations
regarding recurring expenses and revenues; embedded notations of catch-
up, keep-up and new expenses; added pictures and graphics; and added
salary and benefits to major projects. Staff increased the sidewalk repair
budget by $1 million a year and more than doubled the street maintenance
budget to more than $5.7 million. At that level of funding the Pavement
Condition Index (PCI) score would reach 85 in ten years. The Bicycle and
Pedestrian Transportation Plan was projected to cost $6 million.          The
residential utility bill increased 2.3 percent or $5.41 as a result of a 7
percent water rate increase and a 2.2 percent storm drain rate increase.
Staff was working on rent amounts for Utilities and hoped to provide the
impacts at the June 10 meeting.
                                                                           Page 21 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
