                             MINUTES
regarding enhancements on the Maybell Avenue Bicycle Boulevard and Safe
Routes to School. A proposed reconfiguration to the west side of Clemo
Avenue for perpendicular parking could provide additional parking spaces.
The proposed cap for the proposed public benefits was $200,000.

Curtis Williams, Planning and Community Environment Director,
acknowledged that residents and neighbors in the area had legitimate
concerns about traffic congestion and potential safety conflicts.          The
residents' concerns were not related to opposition to affordable housing.
Staff believed the concerns were misplaced with respect to the Project.
Finding a site for affordable housing anywhere in Palo Alto was difficult. The
City needed to provide opportunities for affordable housing, especially for
low-income seniors. The Project was not located directly on El Camino Real,
but was close to public transit. PAHC provided not only affordable housing
but also transportation and access to social and recreational functions. The
Project was located adjacent to another PAHC project which would allow
shared services and intergenerational living experiences. Staff strongly
believed that impacts to traffic and pedestrian safety would be negligible as
proposed improvements would address those impacts.               Four existing
driveways onto Maybell Avenue were eliminated. The barrier on Clemo
Avenue would not be relocated. The access easement would be provided
through the adjacent PAHC site which would accommodate a few trips to
Maybell Avenue. Parking would be prohibited on Maybell adjacent to the
Project for portions of the day to further limit cars and provide room for
pedestrians and cyclists. Traffic estimates for the Project were based on
other projects in the Palo Alto area as well as from traffic consulting
resources. The P&TC added the condition that the applicant contribute
further to the safety effort by installing sidewalks the length of the property
to El Camino Real, enhanced parking, and street signage for bicycles and
pedestrians. A third concern was that the density of the Project was out of
character with the area. Density was usually expressed in terms of either
traffic or size of buildings. As far as the size and mass of the buildings, the
senior housing was four stories in height, was pushed back as close to the
existing eight-story 100-foot high apartments as possible, and was located
more than 150 feet away from the homes on Maybell Avenue. The senior
housing stepped down to the parking area and then to the two- and three-
story homes along Maybell Avenue as a transition to the single family
neighborhood. The overall transition in height from Arastradero Road to
Maybell Avenue was appropriate. Residents suggested the property remain
at the existing zoning. A market rate project at the allowed density would
result in more vehicle trips than the proposed Project, and would generate
more school-age children than the proposed Project. A market rate project
would involve review by the ARB, but would not require P&TC or Council
review. Residents also suggested preserving the site as playing fields or a
                                                                          Page 20 of 33
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 6/10/13
