                          DRAFT MINUTES
than the cost of insuring an active employee. An increasing ratio would be
another factor for CalPERS to consider.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested Ms. Salazar's recommendations for the City.

Ms. Salazar encouraged the Council to consider potential changes to the
current structure pertaining to the delivery of care to the active population
and the retiree population. Various options and procedures were available
for the Council to pursue. Many agencies in California were preparing to
address cost increases to enable them to be financially stable for years to
come.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired what she meant by changes in structure.

Ms. Salazar reported the City's specific provision of employee contribution
costs no greater than 10 percent of the actual premium cost could be
changed. Most agencies were transitioning from a defined structure to a flex
plan structure that would create a defined contribution model where the
employee would be able to access a particular dollar amount to purchase
benefits based on the employee's benefit needs. For retirees, available
approaches would enable individuals to maximize access to health insurance
exchanges. Insurance exchanges would go live on October 1, 2013 with
coverage effective January 1, 2014.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about Ms. Salazar's relationship with
employees.

Ms. Salazar explained she would educate employees on the various options
available to them and hold an education forum.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if her approach would be informational rather
than simply listening to employee interests.

Ms. Salazar indicated focus groups could take place where employee
interests were heard and recorded.

Ms. Salazar stated an employee benefits attorney she worked with at many
agencies wanted to address existing healthcare needs for active employees
and retirees.

Council Member Kniss requested Ms. Salazar address the potential savings
provided by ACA over the long term.


                                                                         Page 6 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
