                               MINUTES
Dana Tom, Palo Alto Unified School District Board Member, recalled in
November 2011 the City Council and the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) Board of Education voted to create CCAC to move toward a Lease
Agreement and to discuss the use of Cubberley. The CCAC Report provided
information, ideas, issues, and concerns. The next phase was collaboration
between PAUSD and the Council.

Mike Cobb, Cubberley Community Advisory Committee Member, indicated
the Report was the result of nine months of extraordinary effort. Cubberley
was the final 35 acres of land owned by the public in the City proper.
PAUSD believed Cubberley could be needed as the location for a high school.
There was potential for shared use. Using the site efficiently would provide
the equivalent of an additional 9 acres. The basic recommendation was to
renew the Lease, and to utilize the first five years of a new Lease to plan
long-term outcomes to serve community services and educational services.

Bern Beecham, Cubberley Community Advisory Committee Member, stated
PAUSD would need Cubberley for a school site in the mid- to late-2020s.
Issues affecting enrollment were demographics, new housing units, and
possible technological advances. PAUSD utilized demographers annually to
anticipate future needs; however, demographic projections ended in 2017.
PAUSD policy was to estimate long-term growth of 1.8 percent for high
schools. In the mid-2020s, capacity in high schools would be reached.
PAUSD had to be certain enrollment growth would continue before investing
in a new high school. Options to building a new high school were virtual
classrooms, and extending the hours or months of school attendance. The
Sub-Committee considered all sites owned or controlled by PAUSD, and no
other 35-40 acre site was available or suitable for a high school. The
existing two high schools were located on 45 and 50 acres. In addition,
PAUSD would need to build new elementary and middle schools.

Diane Reklis, Cubberley Community Advisory Committee Member, reported
the Community Needs Sub-Committee focused on understanding existing
services, reviewed opportunities and options, and made recommendations.
Cubberley should be a multi-cultural learning environment; support social,
emotional, and physical health for all ages and all abilities; and provide
flexibility for the ever-changing needs of the City and PAUSD.

Rob De Geus, Division Manager, Recreations & Golf, indicated hundreds of
thousands of people used Cubberley for health, educational, and artistic
needs and interests. Spaces were utilized from 6:00 A.M. to 10:00 P.M. and
later. He estimated approximately 50 percent of participants were Palo Alto
residents. The vision of the Cubberley Master Plan was to have a cluster of
related programs, activities, and services.       Cubberley remained an


                                                               March 14, 2013
