Alto will achieve carbon neutrality in all the electricity we use this year and
will continue to do so going forward. This is a huge accomplishment.
Carbon free electricity and electric cars are the future and that future is now
in Palo Alto. Imagine a future where every car is electric and electricity is
carbon free. Such a future has passed beyond imagination into a potent
possibility because of companies like Tesla and cities like Palo Alto.

You see, Palo Alto is not defined by its landscape or views, a beach or any
natural resource; it is defined by its intellectual capital. Palo Alto is the mind
and the mind lives in the future.

Council Priorities
The Palo Alto City Council every year sets its priorities. For the last three
years, they have been City Finances, Land Use and Transportation,
Emergency Preparedness, Environmental Sustainability and Community
Collaboration for Youth Well Being.

The Council has defined a priority as a topic that will receive particular,
unusual and significant attention during the year. This year our three Council
Priorities are: (1) the Future of Downtown and California Avenue: Urban
Design, Transportation, Parking, and Livability; (2) Infrastructure Strategy
and Funding; and (3) Technology and the Connected City.

In the near future, the City Council will take up the issue of defining our core
values. Many of these will likely resemble the Council’s Priorities over the
last three years. I believe that Palo Alto will and should adopt as its core
values the concepts behind Sustainable Finances, Civic Engagement, Youth
Well-being, Emergency Preparedness and Environmental Sustainability.
Some variation of these concepts have served the community well for many
years and I believe they will continue to do so in some form well into the
future.

1. The Future of Downtown and the California Avenue:                      Urban
Design, Transportation, Parking, and Livability.

Perhaps no other issue is more immediate or more defining of our future
than how we manage growth and change in our Downtown and California
Avenue. Downtown and California Avenue present many opportunities and
challenges for the City. Richard Florida, author of The Rise of the Creative
Class said, “How people think of a place is less tangible, but more important
than just about anything else.” We know these places matter to Palo Altans.
So with such a paradox, such a challenge, how should we think of these
defining, special places in our city?



                                        2
