                                MINUTES
year. She had polled for dates and heard from seven of the nine Council
Members. She would prepare an Action Item report for the Council meeting
of February 04, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Scharff asked if Staff required a Motion to adopt the Retreat Agenda.

Ms. Stump clarified the Council would not be adopting the current agenda
but the content of the agenda and Staff would adjust the language to ensure
the recommended adjustments were met.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to adopt
the content of the Council Retreat Agenda as modified by previous Motions.

Council Member Holman stated typically and traditionally at the retreat the
public would speak after the Council Member’s spoke. She appreciated the
improvements to the agenda but recommended transposing Agenda Items
Numbers 3B and 3C.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to transpose the City Council Retreat Agenda Item
Numbers 3b and 3c.

Ms. Keene explained Agenda Item 3D was where the Council formally began
to work on how they chose to regroup the nominated priorities into
categories. Agenda Item 3B was to allow the opportunity for Council
Members to explain their thoughts when they were discussing the items.
Staff felt 3B informed the public more before they spoke in an effort to assist
their comments in an informed manner.

Council Member Holman felt hearing the public comment first may form how
Council explained their thoughts.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by
Vice Mayor Shepherd to retain original Retreat Agenda order.

Council Member Schmid stated the original Agenda was set-up to gather
input from Council and the community in written format. Agenda Item 3b
was meant for the Council to acknowledge their ideas were understood and
correctly placed. He saw 3B as a Council clarification of their points of view.



                                                                         Page 16 of 17
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
