                               MINUTES
MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to approve the Minutes of March 4 and March 11, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

David Cornell requested the Council postpone voting on Agenda Item
Number 6. The article he provided the Council by email explained the
rationale behind his request. A below-market-rate (BMR) resident paid
almost twice the amount a market-rate resident paid over a five-year period
under the current program, and approximately 50 percent more over a two-
year period under the proposed alternative. The proposed alternative would
not improve the 50 percent vacancy rate for BMR units.

Council Member Schmid noted he would be voting no on Agenda Item
Number 3.

Council Member Burt inquired about opportunities to revisit issues should the
Council approve the recommendation for Agenda Item Number 6.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, had not
seen Mr. Cornell's letter.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Council and Staff could revisit the
issue if the Council adopted the recommendation and occupancy rates did
not improve over the next year.

Mr. Williams reported Staff would work with Moldaw Family Housing to
provide other proposals to the Council if occupancy rates did not improve.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-10 with revisions on Agenda Item Number
7 indicating that the Budget Amendment Ordinance would reference the
agreement being approved and Section Three would indicate the foundation
contribution would fund temporary salaries in the Children’s Program area.

3.   Recommendation that City Council Approve Amendment No. 1 to a
     Contract with BASE Energy, Inc. for the Administration of a Third-Party
     Non-Residential New Construction Efficiency Program.


                                                                            Page 4 of 20
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/8/13
