                               MINUTES

Mr. Procos did not believe a comparison of water rates was a part of the
original discussion. Using recycled water reduced purchases of potable
water, and reduced discharges to the Bay.

Council Member Burt clarified use of recycled water provided two
environmental benefits, a long-term cost benefit if the grant was approved,
and price stability.

Mr. Bobel noted the City had a Recycled Water Master Plan since the early
1990s. Use of recycled water was not economical now, but would be
economical when enough grant funds were secured and when Hetch Hetchy
water rates reached a certain point. The Project had to be developed before
Hetch Hetchy rates reached that point.            Mountain View charged
approximately three-fourths of the rate of potable water, thus providing an
incentive for use of recycled water.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3, Holman, Scharff, Schmid no

14.   Colleague's Memo From Mayor Scharff and Council Members Burt,
      Price, and Schmid Regarding Expansion of Percent for Art and Public
      Art in Private Developments and Appropriate Maintenance of Our
      Existing and Future Public Art Collection.

Larisa Usich, Chair of the Public Art Commission, stated the Art Commission
investigated the possibility of expanding funding. Best practices for public
art were seeking dedicated funding for the creation of new art, creating a
strategic arts plan, utilizing community panels, and having dedicated Staff.
She thanked the Council for taking the important first step.

Council Member Price felt it was important to celebrate artistic expression
and creativity.      Public art was an approach to innovation.         Other
communities had very strong public art programs. The City of Palo Alto
devoted 1 percent of construction costs to art. The Colleague's Memo
extended the policy to apply to commercial developments and to housing
projects, but not to historic preservation sites. One of the key issues was
not only the creation of artwork but also preservation and maintenance of
artwork. The Colleagues Memo recommended broadening the scope beyond
municipal projects; suggested an examination of a developer commissioning
artwork for a site or providing a 1 percent in-lieu fee to the Public Art
Commission; and acknowledged the need for resources for care and
maintenance of artwork. The City should welcome and encourage a wide
variety of artistic expression to create an exciting environment. Colleagues

                                                                          Page 17 of 20
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 4/8/13
