                               MINUTES
Mr. Williams noted the TDR program had extensive success in Downtown in
helping preserve historic buildings. There were substantial property rights
issues with TDRs.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if developers had to remodel the property in
accordance with standards prior to selling the TDR.

Mr. Williams replied yes. One option for restricting TDRs could be allowing
additional square footage of a TDR but not the parking exemption. Given
the value of buildings in Downtown and the number of buildings with seismic
upgrades, incentivizing seismic upgrades may not be necessary. The key
was whether to allow future TDRs to be created.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the Downtown Cap Study did not include
TDRs that were not implemented. TDRs added value to Downtown.

Council Member Schmid indicated the impact on historical buildings was
important. The Motion was to direct Staff to evaluate restrictions.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add after “restrictions,” “and/or provide
alternative incentives.”

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff's update would focus on
alternatives and amendments as well as revisions to make the TDR program
more suitable to the current situation.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

Council Member Price asked if proposed restrictions would be presented to
the Historical Resources Board, the P&TC, and then the Council.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Mayor Scharff requested Staff explain the two components of a TDR.

Mr. Williams explained generally a TDR allowed an additional 2,500 square
feet for an historic building and an additional 2,500 square feet for seismic
upgrades. Each site could receive up to 5,000 square feet, and each
receiver site that purchased the TDR could use up to 5,000 square feet of
purchased TDRs exempt from parking. Developers could buy more than
5,000 square feet, but the amount over 5,000 square feet was not exempt
from parking requirements.

                                                                       Page 18 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
