                          DRAFT MINUTES
years and another city for 20 years, the two cities shared the liability for
future pensions.

Mr. Keene agreed. CalPERS tracked the bill that was due for each city for
that individual and sent the resulting bill to each jurisdiction.

Council Member Schmid explained an active employee earned credits o for
his retiree benefit, and the City made a payment now for the obligation in
the future. If investment returns were not sufficient to pay the benefits
promised, CalPERS would return to the City to pay the additional amount to
cover the gap.

Mr. Keene agreed. When the City received the bill, it had to close the gap
one way or another. The retired employee did not bear the impact of an
inaccurate cost estimate.

Council Member Schmid noted CalPERS was only responsible for providing
the bill to the City for the gap amount. The health was treated differently.
The City paid health premiums for each active employee to cover this year's
health needs. At the same time, the City also wrote a check for all the
retirees' health premiums during that year. He asked whether CalPERS
calculated a rate for active employees that were the same rate for people in
their late 50s or early 60s.

Ms. Salazar responded yes.

Council Member Schmid stated active employees, who were younger and
used the healthcare system less, paid a premium that subsidized retired
employees. There were two forms of subsidy for retirees: the portion of
active employees' premiums and the City's payment of retiree premiums.
Over the past five years, the City had a decline in General Fund Staff of 10
percent. The General Fund Staff, over that same five years, had an increase
in benefit payments of 41 percent. The Council reduced employees to save
money, but paid more money for benefits. If the Council met efficiencies by
reducing employees, it increased per employee costs. The LRFF indicated
revenues over the next ten years would increase by 52 percent, benefit
costs would increase by 96 percent, and employee salaries would increase
by 17 percent. Employees who worked for other CalPERS cities could work
for Palo Alto in their final few years before retirement, and Palo Alto had to
cover their full retirement costs. To lower retirement costs, the City should
have a nice distribution of employees. Of employees between the ages of 50
and 54, 38 percent worked for the City for less than 10 years and 61 percent
for less than 15 years. Of employees between the ages of 55 and 59, 33
percent worked for the City less than 10 years and 66 percent for less than
                                                                         Page 12 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
