                                MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd agreed with the Committee having four members. The
Committee needed as many members as possible, because of the technical
nature of the Committee's work.

Council Member Schmid noted the lack of a description for the Committee's
activities, and vaguely recalled that the Committee's mandate was to focus
on the procedures of an election. It could be read that the Committee would
deal with the subject of an infrastructure election. He asked for clarification
of the role of the Committee.

Sheila Tucker, Assistant to the City Manager indicated the role was loosely
defined. Staff envisioned engaging the Committee on key policy issues
where there would be an advantage to having that dialog in advance of
Council consideration.

Council Member Schmid asked if there were no limits to what the Committee
could explore other than infrastructure.

James Keene, City Manager explained the Committee's activities were
circumscribed by the subject area. The Council could generally assume that
the intention was pointing toward a potential measure in 2014. In that
sense, the Committee's role was contained. For example, the Committee
would not make preliminary recommendations on the 2014 Capital
Improvement Program (CIP). The Committee's role would be to deal with
the strategic questions related to financing the City's infrastructure needs,
and particularly relating to a possible ballot measure. The Committee would
periodically report to the Council, which could weigh in on the work of the
Committee.

Council Member Schmid inquired about a time limit for the Committee.

Mr. Keene understood the Committee was designed with a time limit
pointing to the 2014 election. In the course of the Committee's work and
the Council's work on infrastructure, the Council could make other
conclusions about the timeframe.

Council Member Holman supported having four members. Having a defined
role for the Committee was also important. She questioned how often the
Committee would report to the Council.

Mayor Scharff stated the Council had not agendized a discussion of the
actual Committee and its function.


                                                                          Page 6 of 17
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
