                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired about the percentage of support for a Mello-
Roos District.

Ms. Tucker reported polling had not been conducted yet on a Mello-Roos
District. A Business License Tax failed substantially in 2009 with 57 percent
not supporting it. Staff felt a Business License Tax would require a great deal
of groundwork with the business community to prepare for such an initiative.

Council Member Burt referenced the wording of questions for a bond issuance
on page 29 of the presentation. The language did not state increased
Property Tax, while all the other taxes stated either an increase or to
establish a tax. That was confusing as to whether the respondent would
know that it was a tax increase as opposed to being paid from existing
revenue. He asked if the language was clear to the consultant.

Mr. Metz agreed that the context of the Property Tax question did not specify
that there would be an increase in Property Tax. Typically the ballot language
for bond measures did not specifically state an increase. The ballot language
asked for an authorization of a total aggregate amount of borrowing and did
not specify the tax impact of those funds.

Council Member Burt stated that did not mean a campaign pro or con would
not address the issue of an increase.

Mr. Metz indicated the second survey would emphasize that point. The first
survey did not test arguments pro or con. In the next survey testing bonds,
he would make that point very clear as an opposition argument.

Council Member Burt asked if the total expected ongoing revenue from new
hotels was only one category of new revenue.

Ms. Tucker said that was correct.

Council Member Burt noted total potential ongoing rental revenues were from
a variety of sources. Some were more likely than others to go forward. The
auto dealership and the digital reader board were less likely to proceed, and
the Public Safety Building rental and Los Altos Treatment Plant rental were
more likely to proceed. He determined approximately $130 million was
available from a combination of total available one-time sources, the new
hotel revenue and the ongoing rental revenues from likely sources. He
questioned whether assumptions and assertions made in the Committee
presentation were the appropriate basis for a Council discussion. The Council
as a whole was not given an opportunity to frame the issues adequately on
important matters. The Council should reconsider the process for narrowing
                                                                        Page 14 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
