                              MINUTES

Council Member Klein inquired whether the project at 240 Hamilton Avenue
would be exempt from 26 spaces under previous law.

Mr. Aknin answered yes.

Council Member Klein requested an explanation of the lower fee for the
project at 240 Hamilton Avenue.

Mr. Aknin reported the applicant could proceed with the project because of
existing TDRs.       With respect to actual parking exemptions, the
grandfathered mezzanine level accounted for eight spaces and the bonus
FAR accounted for one space. With those reductions, the lower fee amount
was correct.     The mezzanine level would also be removed from FAR;
therefore, the applicant would have to reduce the building by that square
footage as well.

Council Member Klein asked if the applicant for the project at 429 University
Avenue would be charged for the 20 spaces covered by the TDR.

Mr. Aknin indicated that the applicant paid that amount to someone else, so
it would not pay the City anything for those.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the applicant would be charged a
parking in-lieu fee for one space at $60,000.

Mr. Aknin replied yes.

Council Member Klein requested comment on the project at 640 Waverley
Street.

Mr. Aknin explained that the project was covered by the 200-square-foot
bonus. The project was also grandfathered, which Staff did not propose to
remove in the current recommendation. The project also had a mixed-use
parking reduction, which Staff did not propose to remove. The project would
have to comply with the 200-square-foot bonus.

Council Member Klein understood the project at 500 University Avenue had
the same situation.

Mr. Aknin agreed. The applicant recently submitted an application indicating
construction of an additional floor underground; therefore, the project would
be over-parked by approximately 21 spaces.

                                                                       Page 14 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/21/13
