                               MINUTES
In February 2012, the Council directed Staff to develop an action plan and
timeline for consideration of an ECF, and to work with regulatory agencies to
obtain approval for postponing the final capping of the landfill for one year.
The action plan and timeline were approved in July 2012, and approval for
the postponement was received in August 2012. Also in July 2012, the
Council approved an amendment with ARI to develop RFPs to allow the City
to obtain proposals and pricing from vendors interested in managing organic
wastes at the Measure E site, and to solicit proposals for export options.
With Council approval, the recommended RFP would be issued in February
2013 with proposals due in July 2013.               Staff would provide a
recommendation to the Council in February 2014. The project was complex
and had to be evaluated in conjunction with the City's Biosolids Facility Plan
(Plan), and public review was needed. The City was obligated to cap the
remainder of the landfill by the end of 2013, unless the City received
another postponement. Staff proposed three options: 1) request a second
postponement; 2) cap the remaining 51 acres of the landfill, and revisit the
issue after an ECF was approved; and 3) cap most of the landfill
(approximately 34 acres) in 2013, and request a second postponement for
17 acres to accommodate an ECF. Staff recommended the third option.
Currently 72 of 126 acres were open as parkland. The advantages of Option
1 were preserving all of an ECF site re-grading alternative, no cap removal
or re-installation costs, and flexibility.   The disadvantage was that no
additional parkland could be opened until capping was completed. Based on
conversations with regulatory staff, they were not likely to approve another
full postponement. Agency staff was skeptical about whether a 10-acre site
should be constructed, because of the amount of garbage to be excavated.
Engineering the retaining wall would be a complex task. Advantages of
Option 2 were ease of regulatory approval and the maximum parkland
acreage could be opened to the public. The disadvantages of Option 2 were
the cost of removing the cap and recapping to implement an ECF,
uncertainty of regulatory approval; public criticism for wasting money to
cap, remove and recap the site. Option 3 did not eliminate the development
of an ECF larger than 5 acres; however, approval would be needed to
remove some of the cap to build a larger facility. The disadvantages of
Option 3 were added mobilization costs for two construction events,
estimated at $100,000.

Mr. Bobel indicated no parkland could be opened to the public under Option
1, 43 acres could be opened under Option 2, and 34 acres could be opened
under Option 3. The regulatory agency found Option 1 to be the least
desirable, Option 2 was the most desirable, and Option 3 had a better
chance of securing approval than Option 1. Option 1 would not have
additional costs for removing and reinstalling a cap.


01-14-2013                                                          112- 179
