                    MINUTES
Andrew Wong commented that the ARB did an excellent job of evaluating
the compatibility requirements of the Project.     The Project presented
ground-floor retail in a modern and fresh way that would attract people to
the City.

Mr. Smith stated architects seemed to have gained control of the review
process; therefore, they knew how to obtain approval of abstract designs.
Mr. Hayes did not appear to recognize the character difference between
arched recesses and abstract recesses. Staff Reports and ARB deliberations
did not support the findings of quality and compatibility with an objective
rationale. Compatibility and high quality must be clarified by the City
Council. Ignoring or misunderstanding those terms led to a long stream of
controversial projects.

Mr. Hayes noted that parking issues were debated and decisions made on
October 21, 2013. The Project complied with the new rules resulting from
the October 21, 2013 meeting. Diversity of architectural styles provided the
City with life. Palo Alto was recognized for its entrepreneurial environment,
innovation, technology, and environmental concerns. Historic styles should
not be enthroned in the architectural future.

Public Hearing closed at 11:29 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
that Council take the following actions: 1) adopt the Mitigated Negative
Declaration and Mitigation and Monitoring Report for the project; and 2)
deny the appeal of the Director’s Decision and adopt the attached Record of
Land Use Action approving the Architectural Review of the project with
revised approval conditions to reflect Council’s adoption of an interim
Ordinance eliminating certain parking exemptions.

Council Member Kniss felt the heart of the issue was design. Younger adults
appeared to be enthusiastic about the Downtown area. The City made
decisions to have diversity.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the issue of parking was a part of the
Agenda Item.

Ms. Silver answered no. The only issue subject to the appeal was the
architectural review discretionary decision.   Parking issues were not
appealed and were not subject to the decision.

James Keene, City Manager, clarified that the Council contemplated parking
in other contexts.
                                                                         Page 35 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/9/13
