                                    MINUTES
work was needed to engage the community and to determine the problems
of constructing a sidewalk.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 3-5-1 Burt, Price, Shepherd yes, Holman
recused

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the verbiage in the Motion from “the
historic preservation of a public building” to “historic preservation at Lucie
Stern as set for in paragraph two on page 797 in the Staff Report: “The
Lucie Stern Community Center located at 1305 Middlefield Road. The
community center was designed noted Palo Alto architect Birge Clark and is
designated as a Category 1 resource on the City’s historic inventory. There
are two potential projects that could benefit from this funding. The two
projects consist of restoration and rehabilitation of the existing brick pavers
located onsite and/or upgrading of the existing single-pane glass with
custom fabricated double-insulated panes. The paver project would consist
of repairing of about 1,000 lineal feet of the original pathways. The bricks
would be moved temporary to allow leveling of the sub-base with gravel and
removal of protruding tree roots and rocks. Broken or unsafe bricks would
be replaced with new matching bricks. The window project would allow
better sound control and insulation for the facility while allowing the
appearance of the historic building to be retained.”

Council Member Berman concurred with Council Member Klein's comments.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1-1 Burt no, Holman recused

Council Member Burt suggested Agenda Item Number 18 be continued to a
future meeting because of the late hour.

Mayor Scharff announced the Council would discuss Agenda Item Number 18
at this time.

18.   Colleague's Memo from Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Shepherd, Council
      Member Holman and Council Member Price, Regarding Expanding
      Smoking Ban in Downtown and California Avenue Business Districts.

Mayor Scharff reported the Colleague's Memo recommended a
comprehensive approach to the smoking ban, outreach to businesses and
citizens, and review by the Policy and Services Committee.

Trish Mulvay supported the Colleague's Memo. Cigarette butts were a
significant trash problem. Consideration should be given to providing areas
for smokers and providing containers for cigarette butts.

                                                                         Page 27 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   November 18, 2013
