                                 MINUTES
change was not in effect. Without immediate corrective action, each Council
Member would be a coconspirator to a fraudulent misrepresentation. He
would forward the information to the State of California Tax Credit
Committee for review with the State Attorney General's Office.

ACTION ITEMS

2.    Transmittal of Certificate of Sufficiency of Signatures on Referendums
      on Resolution No. 9348 Amending Land Use Map of Comprehensive
      Plan and PC Ordinance 5200 Establishing Overlay Zone to Permit
      Development of 12 Market Rate Single Family Homes and 60
      Affordable Multi-Family Senior Homes, and Council Reconsideration to
      Repeal Same or to Call Special Election for November 5, 2013 to Place
      Referendums on Ballot.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, wished to assist the Council in discharging its
duty under Palo Alto Charter Article 6, Section 3, which called for the Council
to act in response to the receipt of sufficient signatures on a referendum of a
Council legislative action. Under the Charter, the Council was required to
reconsider the legislative and either repeal it or submit it to the electorate at
the next General Municipal Election or special election. The first referendum
concerned the Council's adoption of an Ordinance adopting a Planned
Community (PC) Overlay Zone for the Maybell Avenue property. Staff made
no recommendation on that referendum. The second referendum concerned
a Resolution amending the Land Use Map of the Palo Alto Comprehensive
Plan. Staff recommended the Council repeal the Resolution, because the
amendment to the Comprehensive Plan was not determinative of the senior
housing project proposed for the Maybell Avenue property. The Council
could avoid the expense of an election regarding the second referendum by
granting the relief requested and repealing the Resolution. The Council
could submit the second referendum to the electorate for a determination.
Should the Council choose to place one or both referenda on the November
2013 ballot, the Council would choose an election date and pass a Resolution
calling the election on August 8, 2013. August 9, 2013 was the last legal
day to forward the Resolution to the Santa Clara County (County) Board of
Supervisors calling an election on November 5, 2013. Those dates complied
with the State requirement of 88 days. The County Registrar of Voters set
two dates which applied to the November 5, 2013 election. August 16, 2013
was the due date for direct arguments for and against a ballot measure.
August 23, 2013 was the due date for rebuttal arguments and for the City
Attorney's impartial analysis of a measure. The Registrar of Voters did not
set the due dates for election dates in June 2014 or November 2014. If the
Council chose to place one or both referenda on an election date in either
June or November 2014, Staff would inform the Council of the due dates
                                                                             Page 2 of 9
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 8/8/13
