                    MINUTES
statutes applied to a section such as a neighborhood, rather than to adjacent
structures. The Project incorporated huge expanses of glass unlike any
building in the area worth emulating. The window layout did not mirror the
punched windows on the Cardinal Hotel. The doors of the Project were
indistinguishable and did not cater to pedestrians. The Project should be
compatible with the Ramona Historic District. He polled 145 architects
regarding the Project, and 56 percent thought the Project design was
incompatible with historic neighbors. When combined with non-architect
respondents, 75 percent believed the Project was incompatible. The current
review process did not address issues of aesthetics until late in the process.
He suggested changes to the design review process.

Mayor Scharff announced that appeal cosigners could speak as part of public
comment or as part of the appellant's rebuttal.

Ken Hayes, Hayes Group Architects, stated the architectural goals of the
Project were to create a building placed in the current time while respecting
the past, to increase the height at the corner, to respond to the immediate
context of the tree canopy and views, and to create a vibrant, highly visible
frontage. The ARB unanimously approved the Project design at its second
hearing. The Project was a high-quality modern design, responded to the
needs of the time, was differentiated by style but was compatible to
Downtown. Compatibility rather than style was the standard. Compatibility
could be considered at urban, architectural, and historic levels. He explained
elements of the Project, from sidewalks to rooflines and from architectural
details to views, that provided compatibility on all three levels.

Council Member Berman disclosed that he met with the applicant.

Vice Mayor Shepherd disclosed that she met with Mr. Hayes and the
applicant. She was exposed to the Downtown Urban Design Guide from
1994, which was provided to the Council.

Council Member Klein disclosed that he met with the applicant, Mr. Hayes, a
few months previously. His office was located in the area of the Project;
consequently, he was familiar with the neighborhood.

Council Member Schmid disclosed that he met with the applicant and
reviewed material presented during the meeting.

Council Member Kniss disclosed that she met with the applicant regarding
this Project and at other times.


                                                                         Page 31 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/9/13
