                               MINUTES
Herb Borock believed Council Members were required to state the reason for
recusing themselves. The Council should direct Staff to place an Ordinance
for a moratorium on the creation and use of TDRs on the Council Agenda.
The California High Speed Rail Authority (CHSRA) would choose a location
for a rail station based on the kind of intensive development and parking
structures currently being proposed and considered for Downtown.

Chop Keenan stated developing Lot P would have zero deficit for the 135
Hamilton project. He would work with residents to find a solution for parking
problems. Developing Lot P would solve many problems.

Elaine Meyer, President of the University South Neighborhood Association,
requested the Council not allow developers to construct projects with
insufficient parking. Neither residents nor the City should pay for new
garages.

Adina Levin, Sierra Club and Palo Alto Cool Cities Team, supported Staff's
consideration of a TDM program to conserve the use of parking by City
employees. The current cost of parking passes incentivized driving. The
Council should consider reducing parking in Downtown before investing in
parking structures.

Sally Ann Rudd stated the Council should implement neighborhood parking
permits as quickly as possible. Building additional parking spaces resulted in
more people driving into Downtown. She did not support a public-private
partnership to construct a parking structure on Lot P.

Council Member Burt requested Staff provide more detail regarding the
program to reduce employee parking spaces.

Mr. Williams reported Staff would explore allowing employees to choose
between receiving the parking fee or a parking space, and creating other
transit pass programs. Staff was surveying employees regarding incentives
not to park in the garage.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated Staff could explore effective TDM
programs that cost far less than building parking spaces. He was optimistic
about providing a series of incentives for employees to use TDMs.

Council Member Burt believed incentivizing the use of alternative
transportation applied to the private sector as well as the public sector. He
requested an update regarding the City's ability to utilize the Caltrain Go
Pass system.

                                                                        Page 10 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 3/18/13
