                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene clarified that the Motion concerned the 2 percent salary increase
for Miscellaneous Employees.

Mr. Perez reported the amount was $589,000 for the General Fund's share,
and $825,000 for all funds including the $589,000.

Mayor Scharff commented that a salary increase was determined in the
bargaining process.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City should have a policy
regarding hiring employees from other CalPERS cities.

Mr. Perez did not believe the City had a choice regarding hiring classic
members as a result of the CalPERS rules. If Palo Alto hired an employee
already vested in CalPERS, then the City had to place him in the second
pension tier. If the employee was new to CalPERS, then he would be placed
in the 2 percent at age 62 tier.

Council Member Klein felt the second scenario was a significant cost savings
over time.

Mr. Perez reported the City could not place a lateral or a transfer new hire
into the 2 percent at age 62 tier under CalPERS rules.

Council Member Klein suggested an applicant in the lower cost pension tier
should receive more hiring points than another applicant.

Mr. Perez believed the trade off for lower pension cost was lack of
government experience. If the City's policy was to hire employees based on
their pension tier, then the City would be forced to hire applicants with no
CalPERS experience.

Mr. Keene reported the City did not have a strategic policy.

Mayor Scharff noted a third pension tier of 2.7 percent at age 55.

Mr. Keene explained that employees worked longer to receive a higher
benefit, which was to the City's advantage.

Council Member Klein felt the pension amount would be significant over
time, and the Council should discuss the impact of pension costs on hiring
policies.


                                                                              Page 26 of 35
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 06/03/13
