Vice Mayor Shepherd supported keeping Project Numbers 3, 8, and 9 on the
list. There were other ways for the Council to remain in control. She asked
if there was an opportunity for the Council to prioritize projects.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Staff recommended Project Numbers 8 and 9 proceed,
because they took advantage of the momentum of the planning process.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt Project Numbers 8 and 9 would solve a regional
problem rather than a local problem.

Mr. Keene stated the City would continue to plan and work on transit center-
related items. MTC was attempting to allocate transportation funds related
to the linkage with ABAG, the housing number and the SB 375 process.
There was some value in Palo Alto making its position known regarding
investment and planning in transit. From the larger strategic position, it was
worthwhile for Palo Alto to consider putting those projects forward.

Council Member Burt agreed with the other Council Members to remove
Project Number 3, because it had not been vetted. He inquired about the
cost of $9.5 million for Project Number 1 and asked if it was at the higher
end of the range of costs that Council had seen.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the range varied from $6.8 million to as high as $12-
$13 million. Public Works used the estimate of $9.5-$10 million.

Council Member Burt indicated that was higher than estimated costs
presented to the Council.

Mr. Williams felt the estimate had been $9.5 million for a while.

Council Member Burt wanted to see the record on that. He inquired how the
City could build Project Number 8 for $15 million, when cost estimates of
other projects of structured parking alone were considerably higher than $15
million.

Mr. Rodriguez explained the project resulted from the planning process for
27 University Avenue. Staff was evaluating the site as part of the parking
garage feasibility study and parking attendant study.

Council Member Burt stated that was not his question.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the consultant team recommended a cost of $15
million.



                                   21                    February 11, 2013
