                                    MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman reported the 30-year period was required by the Density Bonus
Law. Some type of development agreement or a PC Zone could be used to
extend the term of the BMR units. In addition, the City could fund a portion
of the units in exchange for some type of requirement. The applicant did not
propose any of those options; therefore, the 30-year period would be
effective.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council had discretion to utilize a
different traffic model. Menlo Park and San Mateo County utilized different
models from the City.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the City's obligation was to utilize the best available
tool. The City was preparing its own model which would have to be
compatible with the VTA model.

Vice Mayor Shepherd agreed with Council Member Berman's comments
regarding parking; however, she could not deny the project as it complied
with State parking requirements. The few requested exceptions did not
appear to be egregious. Returning the project for revisions would not result
in a better project.

Council Member Burt felt the increased height enhanced the design and did
not increase the FAR. Given the requirements of a CS Zone, this project was
one of the best designed projects. Smaller residential units provided the
least impact to the community and complied with State housing mandates.
He expressed concern regarding cumulative traffic impacts. CS Zoning
should be modified with respect to the size of projects along El Camino Real.

Mayor Scharff believed the Council needed to amend the Municipal Code to
eliminate the mandate for projects to be built to the line.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

17.   Public Hearing: Request For Council’s Direction On Whether to Apply
      The Edgewood Plaza PC $94,200 Public Benefit Payment to the
      Construction of a Sidewalk, Historic Preservation of a Public Building,
      or Another Council Directed Purpose.

Council Member Holman recused herself from Agenda Item Number 17
because she previously worked for and still volunteered with the Palo Alto
History Museum.

Elena Lee, Senior Planner, requested Council direction regarding application
of the Edgewood public benefit penalty to one of three projects: future
rehabilitation of a historic public building, construction of a sidewalk along

                                                                        Page 24 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  November 18, 2013
