                                MINUTES
Council Member Kniss asked if the proposed Motion would provide more
compatibility with existing homes.

Mr. Aknin felt the requirement to have 10 feet of separation between homes
was important, because that element provided the single-family streetscape.

Council Member Kniss noted the varying setbacks contained in the Motion,
because most single-family neighborhoods in Palo Alto had varying setbacks.

Council Member Price agreed the purpose of varying setbacks was to
improve the design and feel of the homes facing the street. The space
between units was also important. She asked how the varying setbacks
stated in the Motion would be reconciled with the setback of 20 feet stated in
the Mayor's proposed changes.

Mayor Scharff indicated the setbacks would be a minimum of 20 feet. He
reported the height limit under R-1 zoning was 30 feet. The applicant
proposed homes reaching a height of 32 1/2 feet.       The homes were
shrouded by a tree canopy and set back further because of the trees along
Clemo Avenue.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to allow the Applicant to go to a height of 32
1/2 feet to accommodate three stories on Clemo Avenue.

Council Member Kniss felt the trees were tall enough to allow a building
height of 32 1/2 feet.

Mr. Aknin agreed the trees would screen the height of the homes.

Council Member Kniss would not support a building height of 32 1/2 feet if
the trees were not present.

Mayor Scharff noted none of the oak trees along Clemo Avenue would be
removed.

Mr. Aknin agreed.

Council Member Price indicated the height would provide additional square
footage for the homes and flexibility in developing the homes along Clemo
Avenue.

Mayor Scharff reported if PAHC did not receive the tax credits in July 2013, it
would reapply in March 2014; however, the chances of PAHC receiving the
                                                                           Page 11 of 22
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes June 17, 2013
