                 WORKING MINUTES
James Keene, City Manager, presumed an offset of parking spaces would
occur. The current design maintained parallel parking on the south side of
Stanford Avenue and eliminated all parking on the north side.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the proposal had changed since the Council
reviewed it.

Council Member Schmid believed the City was committed to spending funds
for the provision of services to the homeless. The homeless issue began
with shelter. He reviewed facts from the survey of homelessness in counties
across California. The County, through State and Federal funding, had to
grapple with the shelter issue.

Supervisor Simitian reported homelessness was a common responsibility and
a regional problem. The notion of matching funds from the County was a
quick way to provide a solution if both parties accepted responsibility.
Sequestration of Federal funds resulted in fewer resources for housing
programs. A better economy could help City and County budgets to fund
additional programs.

Council Member Holman inquired about the possibility of projects to correct
problems with the pump station located at Oregon Expressway and Alma
Street and with the configuration of the interchange.

Supervisor Simitian was not aware of a project regarding the interchange at
the current time. The County was scheduled to award a contract for the
pump station the following day. He welcomed comments on the pump
station.

Council Member Holman reported water did not move from that underpass
and the area flooded easily in heavy rains. If the contract would continue
existing functionality, then it did not adequately address issues.

Supervisor Simitian committed to reviewing the matter at the meeting the
following day.

Council Member Burt understood the County had a long-term plan to modify
the intersection at Page Mill Road and Interstate 280 to improve pedestrian
and bicycle safety. The modification of Alpine Road in San Mateo County
was a nice model. He suggested the speed limit could be reduced with only
a minimal impact on transit time.

Supervisor Simitian inquired whether Council Member Burt suggested the
speed limit be reduced on Page Mill Road as it accessed Interstate 280.
                                                                           Page 4 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                        Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
