                               MINUTES
direction was not to focus solely on the High Speed Rail (HSR) issue, but to
consider the Rail Corridor between Alma Street and El Camino Real relative
to potential uses and transportation connections. The process included a
Citizen Task Force, community meetings, and meetings with the
Architectural Review Board (ARB), Planning and Transportation Commission
(PTC) and Palo Alto City Council Rail Committee (RC), and the City Council.
The Council referred the project to the RC in September 2012, because of
modifications to the Guiding Principles and to terminology. The RC voted on
December 6, 2012 to adopt the Study Report as a vision document to guide
and inform future Rail Corridor policy. Revisions reflected the most recent
Guiding Principles, alignment with the City's position on Caltrain
improvements, and rail crossings. The vision for the Rail Corridor was to
create a vibrant, safe, attractive, and transit-rich area with mixed-use
centers to provide walkable pedestrian and bicycle-friendly places to serve
the community; and to connect the east and west portions of the City
through an improved circulation network. Additional details were provided in
the Council Packet. Staff's recommendation was to adopt the Resolution to
approve the Study Report as a vision document with revisions as noted and
to approve the Negative Declaration.          The Study was not directly
incorporated into the Comprehensive Plan, but it was referenced in the
Vision Statement to be included in the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Klein reported as Chairman of the RC. The RC reviewed the
Study carefully to harmonize statements in the Study with Guiding
Principles. Grade crossings and separations would be a major issue for the
Council to consider. This was a Vision Statement only and not binding.

MOTION: Council Member Klein       moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to adopt a Resolution approving    the Rail Corridor Study Report, amending
the Transportation Element of       the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan to
incorporate the Vision Statement   of the Study and to approve the Negative
Declaration for the project.

Council Member Price stated the issue of grade separation had been the key
to evolution of the document. The document would be helpful to the Council
and to the community.

Council Member Schmid indicated mixed use was included in the Vision
Statement but not in the Resolution in the Council Packet.

Mr. Williams explained mixed use should be included, and Staff would ensure
it was included in the language of the Resolution.


                                                                       Page 3 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                           Minutes:
