                            MINUTES
Mr. Saccio mentioned that this was a rough calculation meant to provide a
range of rates that could be applied to a commercial property versus a
residential property. A professional would have to perform a study to
determine the appropriate rates for parcels.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether a Citywide Mello-Roos District could
be segmented for various parcels.

Ms. Tucker described criteria that could be utilized to determine rates. Staff
gathered information and appeared to have a fundamental understanding of a
Mello-Roos District and the way the burden would be apportioned; however, a
professional study and a rational basis was needed to provide costs.

Council Member Schmid assumed it would be hard to ask voters a question
with a great deal of segmentation. He inquired whether rates for commercial
parcels would be different from rates for a single-family residential parcel
under a General Obligation Bond.

Mr. Saccio reported an assessment under a General Obligation Bond was
distributed according to the assessed valuation of each parcel.

Council Member Schmid asked if assessments would depend upon whether
the residents were longstanding or new to the community.

Mr. Saccio answered yes as a consequence of Proposition 13.

Council Member Schmid understood the Minutes of the Committee indicated
some debate about the need for more information. A question was raised
about the need for more parking information, and Vice Mayor Shepherd made
a couple of points about data. He asked about the outcome of the debate.

Council Member Klein did not recall a debate. The Committee definitely did
not have a vote.

Mayor Scharff also did not believe the Committee had a debate.

Council Member Schmid referenced Packet Page 140, the issue of needing
more information before going to the survey.

Vice Mayor Shepherd clarified that she had a question as to whether an added
value could be provided to the residences in a Mello-Roos District. The
Committee resolved it by suggesting some type of transit pass would be
polled for. Mello-Roos Districts were complicated and hard to follow. The

                                                                        Page 10 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
