                               MINUTES

Mr. Bobel stated all costs incurred by contractors would be included in the
tipping fee for material accepted. All costs for the contractor would be costs
to the City.

Council Member Holman agreed everything the contractor did would be
included in the cost to the City, but she was unsure if the costs noted on
pages 619-620 would be included in the cost to construct the facility.

Mr. Bobel believed Council Member Holman was referring to the dewatering
facility. The Sewage Treatment Plant would need a dewatering facility
whether or not an ECF was constructed; therefore, the costs would be borne
by the City. Staff wished to make that clear in the RFP.

Mr. Keene indicated the RFP should provide clear criteria to obtain equivalent
proposals. Selecting a vendor did not preclude the City from making
adjustments.

Council Member Holman was unsure where a number of the costs would
show up in relation to the economic feasibility of a proposal.

Mr. Arp stated providing the upfront costs, rather than having proposers
estimate them, would allow the City to obtain equivalent proposals. Those
costs would be part of the evaluation of the overall project.

Mr. Keene believed the RFP was not the primary basis of the Council's
decision regarding the efficacy of this approach. Nothing would preclude the
Council from having data relating to RFP responses and additional costs to
be borne by the City and how all of those topics related to the economic
feasibility of the proposal.

Council Member Holman reiterated that costs to be borne by the City and
costs incorporated into the RFP would be provided to the Council and the
public for evaluation as part of the economic feasibility of the project.

Mr. Keene agreed with her statement.

Mr. Bobel explained there were three types of costs: costs the vendor would
estimate, project costs which Staff would provide, and costs not part of the
project.

Council Member Holman asked when the Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
process would begin.


01-14-2013                                                           112- 185
