                                MINUTES
The irrigation system at the new Golf Course would be comprised of plastic
pipe and fittings to minimize failures caused by the corrosive nature of Bay
mud. Recycled water was not the cause of problems with the irrigation
system.

Mr. Bobel explained the Golf Course was located on the same type of land as
Greer Park. The Bay mud was far saltier than Palo Alto's recycled water.

Council Member Holman did not understand how flushing salt through the
soil would work given the type of soil in Palo Alto.

Mr. Bobel reported the ground was composed of layers of different types of
soils. The movement of groundwater through soil toward the Bay was well
documented.

Council Member Holman asked if salt remained in the soil.

Mr. Bobel stated with adequate flushing, salt would move through the soil.
Flow rates of water could be increased to move those salts through the soil.

Council Member Holman believed flushing would use more recycled water,
and more recycled water would deposit more salt.

Mr. Bobel indicated salt could be moved with recycled water. The EIR would
describe flushing as a mitigation strategy and a prevention strategy.

Council Member Holman wanted to know how entities receiving recycled
water would pay for improvements.

Valerie Fong, Director Utilities, did not have a proposal for recovering costs.

Mr. Procos reported there were a variety of ways to retail recycled water.
Some agencies indexed the recycled water rate to the potable water rate.

Council Member Holman referenced an April 17, 2009 letter from Stanford,
and requested Staff's assurance that the EIR would address recycled water
impacts on landscaping and aesthetics.

Mr. Procos noted the original proposal was submitted as a negative
declaration, while the current proposal was an EIR. Staff had an ongoing
dialog with Stanford regarding the Project. The City's relationship with
Stanford was much improved from previous discussions of the Project.


                                                                             Page 15 of 20
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                         Minutes: 4/8/13
