                             MINUTES
Mayor Scharff explained technical questions concerned building height,
landscaping, specific questions about the proposed project. He requested
Council focus on questions regarding traffic as the consultant had to leave
the meeting.

Council Member Price inquired whether a reduction in the number of houses
would impact traffic.

Gary Black, Hexagon Transportation Consultants, reported the number of
trips were proportional to the number of units. The trips generated would
decrease by three trips, one per unit. He identified an impact at Clemo
Avenue and Arastradero Road under the scenario where the project had
access to Clemo Avenue only. If the project had access to Clemo Avenue
and Maybell Avenue, then the number of units would not affect the finding of
significance.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if Hexagon utilized the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) methodology for the study.

Mr. Black replied yes.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if that methodology was different from the San
Mateo County methodology.

Mr. Black noted      there   were   some   differences   between      the      two
methodologies.

Vice Mayor Shepherd added some of the differences were important. She
asked if Hexagon utilized the Santa Clara County (County) methodology.

Mr. Black responded yes.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted a deviation from the accepted practice required
an explanation.

Mr. Black indicated the traffic study for the project was voluntary. The
County required a traffic study only if the project would generate more than
100 peak hour trips. The County would not require a traffic study for this
project.

Council Member Schmid noted the City's methodology was based on 2005
growth projections which were not accurate, and inquired whether the model
was no longer valid.

Mr. Black reported that the County model was updated on a regular basis.

                                                                        Page 18 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
