                       WORKING MINUTES
AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman that before the ordinance went into effect, Staff would
present a concrete plan to deal with homelessness which would include a
major effort by Santa Clara County to accept responsibility for a major role,
and present a strategy with plans, costs, and measures of success.

Council Member Schmid felt homelessness was beyond the resources of the
City. The County had to participate for any program for it to be effective.

Council Member Holman did not believe a County commitment could be
obtained in the short time prior to Staff's return with program information;
therefore, she requested clarification of the intent of the Amendment.

Council Member Schmid wanted the County to accept responsibility for a
major role in a homeless program.

Council Member Holman did        not   believe   the   City   could      impose        a
responsibility on the County.

SECOND TO AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the Policy and Services Committee discussed
homelessness many times the prior year. The proposed Ordinance was
appropriate at the current time. Council Members Kniss and Price sought
service providers and information for the discussion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the Chair of the Policy and Services
Committee, Council Member Kniss, and Council Member Price, act as a
subcommittee of Policy and Services Committee and continue their outreach
efforts with the County and regional organizations and agencies to expand
options and support for Palo Alto’s Homeless.

Vice Mayor Shepherd added that Council Member Kniss provided experience
and Council Member Price provided compassion.     They would work to
provide valuable services for the homeless.

Council Member Burt requested Staff clarify what actions would be taken at
Cubberley and when those actions would occur.



                                                                            Page 17 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                         Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
