                                  MINUTES

      Under Negotiation: Lease and/or Purchase Price and Terms of Payment

Donna Grider, City Clerk, noted Pamela Antil, Assistance City Manager would
be participating in the negotiation team.

Herb Borock spoke regarding the Brown Act and its narrow exceptions for
Closed Session amendments. The City Clerk noted an additional negotiator,
Pamela Antil which was not reflected on the agenda. The real estate
negotiators needed to be appointed prior to the Closed Session and listed on
the printed agenda. Once a Closed Session was comprised of Staff members
for negotiations the legislative body must meet in open for negotiations. He
requested the public be notified of the amount of the lease payments made
by the City for each part of the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
facilities they lease.

Jennifer Hetterly, Vice Chair of the Cubberley Citizens Advisory Committee
(CCAC), encouraged an open and transparent process regarding Cubberley
negotiations. There was significant concern among the residents regarding
the property. She felt it was important to communicate to the public
Council’s priorities for the site and the process for moving forward.

Sherry Furman, member of the Cubberley Citizens Advisory Committee
(CCAC), felt the Closed Session meeting was premature and providing
direction on negotiations without a public meeting on what the Cubberley
Community Advisory Committee was tasked to perform reflected negatively.

Diane Reklis, Chair of the Cubberley Citizens Advisory Committee (CCAC),
requested to postpone the Closed Session until a public meeting could be
held. She understood the actual negotiation of the lease should be in Closed
Session although the discussions and decisions prior to the Closed Session
should be in open session.

Stephanie Munoz said the City and the School Board were not in
competition. There was no ample teacher housing and they could not afford
to live in the City they work.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman that the Council schedule a public meeting on the issue of Cubberley
and the City’s lease negotiations with the Palo Alto Unified School District for
Monday, May 13, 2013 and continue the proposed Closed Session on
Monday, May 20, 2013.



                                                                     April 22, 2013
                                                              City Council Minutes
