           MINUTES
Low density usage caused traffic and increased land prices.          More multi-
family housing was needed as the population aged.

Eric Filseth felt there were two conflicting visions for Palo Alto. Vision A was
a medium-density, family town. Vision B was a financial and professional
hub. Vision B came with unsolvable traffic, parking, pollution, and over-
stretched City infrastructure and schools. Staff and the Council attempted to
implement Vision B within a framework of laws supporting Vision A. A clear
majority of residents were not willing to accept the costs of Vision B.

Robert Lancefield urged the Council to take a long view when considering the
small changes that led to large changes.

Martin Bernstein stated a Planned Community (PC) was a tool for City
evolution. A balance between developers and residents was key to a
successful PC process. The public could support a PC if it felt it received a
fair outcome.

Robert Moss suggested the Council consider the interaction of planned
projects with existing projects; transparency; comparison of proposed
projects with the Comprehensive Plan; and careful revision of the PC
process.

Ruth Luoy related problems with traffic lights and lack of turn lanes on El
Camino Real.

Dick Rosenbaum indicated the Council was ignoring the Stanford-Arrillaga
and Jay Paul Projects. The Council should direct Staff to notify both
applicants that their projects were no longer likely to be approved.

Neilson Buchanan recommended the Council initiate an effort with Staff and
neighborhoods to understand development rights related to parking
assessment districts. Staff continued to approve projects with no negative
impact.

Richard Brand indicated the parking problem in Professorville was worse
than in areas south of Oregon Expressway. The Comprehensive Plan stated
development should meet commercial needs but not at the expense of
residential quality of life. People moved to Palo Alto for the quality of life it
provided.

David Kleiman encouraged responsible development. Projects should be
parked. The Council should provide developers with transparency and
consistency.
                                                                           Page 11 of 20
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/02/13
