                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene suggested the poll did not have to speak to the issue of relocating
the Animal Services Center.

Council Member Holman agreed.

Mayor Scharff believed the poll should include Charleston/Arastradero but
not as a part of the Streets Project. Charleston/Arastradero as part of
Streets could skew poll results.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
include a separate item for polling on Charleston/Arastradero.

Mayor Scharff felt it was         time   for   the   City   to   complete        the
Charleston/Arastradero Project.

Council Member Burt supported the Amendment for the same reasons he
supported including Byxbee Park.

Council Member Berman suggested negative poll results could cause the
Council not to support and fund the Charleston/Arastradero Project.

Mayor Scharff stated having information was good.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked how the poll would be conducted when a large
portion of the community did not use the Charleston/Arastradero area.

Mr. Metz explained he would know the exact physical address of each person
interviewed, and could separate them by precinct or by streets. The
analysis could identify geographic differences to the extent they existed.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-1 Berman no

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Holman recused herself from discussion of the History
Museum Project at 11:30 P.M., because she had received income within the
past 12 months from the Palo Alto History Museum.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 11:30 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to add the History Museum Project to the list of projects approved
by the Infrastructure Committee on March 7, 2013 for the public opinion

                                                                          Page 31 of 32
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 3/18/13
