                      WORKING MINUTES

CONSENT CALENDAR

Palo Alto Free Press was pleased that the City would implement the use of
electronic signatures.

Lynn Huideloper indicated the correct vote on the Vehicle Habitation
Ordinance was 7-2 rather than 9-0. The Human Relations Commission
(HRC) was interested in addressing vehicle habitation.

Diane Elizabeth Jones did not support the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance.
Desperation should not be punished.

Palo Alto Free Press felt homelessness was pandemic and was not an easy
problem to solve. He asked the Council to remove Agenda Item Number 13
from the Consent Calendar to allow the HRC to discuss it.

Chuck Jagoda noted Council Member Klein's concerns regarding vehicle
habitation. Helping the homeless was a Palo Alto tradition. Imposing a
solution on poverty and homelessness without communicating with the
homeless was not a good idea. The homeless population at Cubberley did
police themselves.

Lois Salo felt the homeless should be part of a solution. She suggested
money be transferred from the redesign of the Golf Course to a homeless
shelter. The City should ask Google to contribute.

Aram James asked the Council to remove Agenda Item Number 13 from the
Consent Calendar. He read the dissenting opinion from a decision regarding
a homeless Ordinance in Santa Ana.

Stephanie Munoz concurred with prior comments regarding the Vehicle
Habitation Ordinance.     The people using shower facilities at Cubberley
needed less rehabilitation.

Cybele understood Cubberley was not a homeless shelter. The HRC should
be included in the discussion.

Penny Ellson supported the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance. The homeless
problem was growing. The proposed Ordinance provided a tool to encourage
action toward long-term housing solutions. Palo Alto could do more to serve
the unhoused community.


                                                                         Page 10 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                      Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
