was the City's option to buy the property expired March 5, 2014, less than
90 days away. Purchasing the property would be a miscarriage of the
Council's fiduciary duties to all citizens.

Vice Mayor Shepherd remarked that the City had clear policies regarding
community gardens and parks. The consistent community message for the
Council was to retain existing zoning. She was not interested in having a
market rate development at the site. She supported the neighborhood in its
efforts to find creative solutions. When PAHC repaid the City's loan, those
funds would be deposited into the Housing Fund for use by other
organizations for low-income housing. The City was not allowed to approve
another project at the site similar to the current proposal within a year. It
was not practical for PAHC to hold the site for a year to present a similar
proposal. The City had a need for affordable housing.

Council Member Burt concurred that the City was not in the business of
developing affordable housing. He requested PAHC explain why a senior
affordable housing project would not be viable under existing zoning at the
site.

Candice Gonzalez, Palo Alto Housing Corporation, reported developing the
property under existing zoning was not financially feasible. A scaled-back,
alternative project would result in significant funding gaps. PAHC knew of no
additional funding sources to fill those gaps. If PAHC could fund those gaps,
the project would not be competitive under tax credit requirements. The
cost for a one-bedroom unit would increase to $700,000-$800,000. A range
of incomes and units was needed to make long-term maintenance costs
sustainable.

Council Member Burt did not believe the community fully understood the
many components of funding. Another issue was whether affordable units
would remain affordable in perpetuity under existing zoning. Under PC
(Planned Community) Zoning, affordable units would remain affordable in
perpetuity. He asked Ms. Gonzalez to provide additional details of funding
gaps and funding requirements.

Ms. Gonzalez explained that the initial proposal of 60 units and 15 single-
family homes was a viable project. Changing the initial proposal to 12
single-family homes and 60 units created a funding gap of approximately $3
million. PAHC hoped to bridge the funding gap with tax credits or affordable
housing funds from the minimal number of other funding sources available.
A project with less than 12 homes and 60 units would not have been
competitive for tax credits. The County loan required PAHC to provide at
least 20 of the 60 units as extremely low income housing with rents in the
$500 range. PAHC needed income from the other 40 units to pay monthly
                                  20                   December 16, 2013
