                             MINUTES
present value of the increased lease rates, Staff determined $6-$7.2 million
in incremental income would stream to the developer. The developer's costs
included approximately $7 million for construction and approximately
$100,000 per year for attendant parking, resulting in a net range of
$390,000 to $1.6 million. All present values were estimated over a 50-year
life for the Project. The ongoing garage study identified Lot P as one of the
locations for analysis of a parking garage. Staff's recommendation was for
the Council to direct Staff to develop a Memorandum of Understanding
(MOU) or Development Agreement with 135 Hamilton LLC and to direct the
owner to prepare specific plans to begin the review process.

Chop Keenan, applicant, stated the Project would increase short-term
daytime parking for Lot P from 51 to 82 parking spaces. Night-time parking
had even greater demand. The cost to build the garage was approximately
$350 per square foot. If terms of the MOU were satisfactory, he would
proceed with the Project. If not, he would revert to the original plan for 135
Hamilton Avenue.

RCB Fischer felt the Project would be detrimental to nearby businesses.
Traffic congestion was already bad, but the additional parking spaces and a
new hotel would make it even worse. Delivery trucks parked on High Street
during the day, further increasing congestion.

Scott Bailey noted foot traffic would delay cars from turning into the parking
garage. Outdoor dining was adjacent to the proposed garage entrance.

Neilson Buchanan did not understand the economics of the Project, but
hoped City Staff had a better grasp than he. The Project was small;
however, the tradeoffs were complicated. The Project did not address the
imbalance of parking supply and demand. He suggested the Council delay
the Project until parking issues could be resolved.

Sally Ann Rudd stated leasing or selling floors in a public parking garage was
a bad idea in that the City would lose control of the space. The proposed
easement was permanent, another bad idea. The Project should be delayed
until the parking study and development cap study were completed.
Solutions should focus on moving people, not cars. She questioned the
City's proposal to sell its TDRs, when Staff previously stated it would not.

Adina Levin questioned the number of parking spaces that could be created
if parking prices and incentives were changed. She encouraged the Council
to delay making decisions on investments until they knew the amount of
parking supply needed.


                                                                          Page 7 of 33
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/10/13
