          MINUTES
David Adams suggested the Council eliminate the PC process and direct Staff
to be transparent and impartial.

Eric Rosenblum agreed that housing in Palo Alto was not affordable.
Younger adults wanted a walkable community and higher density housing.
Palo Alto did not need more offices. The Council had to work on the
fundamental demand for transportation to alleviate the growing parking
problem.

Jennifer Landesmann felt out-of-scale development marred the quality of life
in Palo Alto. The building height limit was important to maintain quality of
life.

Council Member Kniss requested Staff define Planned Community as it
currently existed.  Some valuable community projects would not exist
without PC Zoning, such as the Opportunity Center and Tree House
Apartments. In five years, the number of jobs in Palo Alto increased from
70,000 to 90,000, which caused a great deal of the parking problems. She
requested Staff comment on traffic data provided in the Staff Report.

Ms. Gitelman noted two data sets were included in the Staff Report. One
was average daily traffic volumes for a number of locations in Palo Alto,
comparing 1999 volumes with 2013 volumes. In many locations, daily
traffic volumes were not equal to those in 1999; although, some areas were
approaching 1999 volumes. The second data set compared average daily
traffic volumes along El Camino Real from 2002 through 2012. That data
demonstrated that traffic was essentially stable. Traffic data did not show
significant traffic degradation. Traffic volumes followed economic cycles.

Council Member Kniss was surprised by the data. The community had grown
and changed since the 1980s. The Council did listen to public comments.
Palo Alto was a vibrant and exciting community to live in.

Council Member Schmid felt the dialog with respect to the Comprehensive
Plan should express the vision for Palo Alto. The starting point for public
dialog was the identification of data. While Staff's data indicated traffic was
declining, travel time seemed to increase. He utilized data from the Current
Comprehensive Plan and the recent Stanford project to determine that traffic
delay at 12 intersections increased from 35 to 55 percent at each
intersection between 1996 and 2009.            Traffic studies provided by
development projects indicated the number of cars at specific intersections
increased 20 percent. Traffic was increasing dramatically, on the average of
3-5 percent per year. He requested Staff comment on the conflicting
information provided through these studies.
                                                                          Page 14 of 20
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/02/13
