                              MINUTES
counties, he learned that Santa Clara County provided about half the
number of shelters as San Mateo and San Francisco. He requested Senator
Hill comment on coordination of efforts among all levels of government.

Senator Hill recalled efforts to develop housing and services for the
homeless in San Mateo County. He was not aware of State or Federal
funding that was available for homeless programs or services.

Council Member Klein inquired about general prospects for tax reform and
possible actions when tax increases expired in 2018.

Senator Hill indicated the dependence on corporate and personal income
taxes skewed the State's fiscal picture. The budget surplus resulted from
growth in the Silicon Valley and an improved economic outlook. The answer
was not increasing taxes, but broadening the tax base.

Council Member Berman requested Senator Hill support inclusion of local
infrastructure projects when considering legislation to lower the percentage
threshold for local projects. Given the state of infrastructure across the
nation and state, any assistance would be appreciated.

Senator Hill believed infrastructure projects would be important.
Approximately 25 percent of the electorate would vote no to any tax
increase, which increased the difficulty of obtaining a super majority vote.

Council Member Holman noted two issues with respect to local control were
housing mandates and density bonus law. If the intention was to provide
more affordable housing, then the basis was questionable. The density
bonus law required communities to concede open space. She inquired
whether the Legislature was considering local control and consequences of
State mandates.

Senator Hill reported the Governor was attempting to enact local control
related to education and realignment. In his opinion, certain areas of the
Legislature and the Governor's Office were not sensitive to local issues.
There had been efforts to create economic development opportunities for
local governments.

Council Member Holman inquired about ways the Council could support
Senator Hill in attempting to restore local control.

Senator Hill welcomed suggestions and ideas.



                                                                       Page 3 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/21/13
