                              MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if ground-floor office space was allowed at the
current time.

Ms. French answered yes.

Council Member Schmid recalled the Council voted several months
previously to amend the Comprehensive Plan to include the vision statement
from the Rail Corridor Study regarding a vibrant area.       Business-only
districts did not work well. The goal of the Agenda Item was to make the
area vibrant and attractive. The Downtown Development Cap Study (Study)
was supposed to be an essential part of the Council's discussion of the
Downtown area, yet Staff prepared and released a Request for Proposal
(RFP). He asked Staff how the Council could assure that it had the
opportunity to discuss this.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, explained
the RFP for Phase 1 of the Study concerned data gathering. Phase 2 would
be oriented to policy and zoning. Phase 2 would come to the Council later
and would be a part of the Council discussion. Some zoning issues could
possibly be separated from the Study, because the Council had some
priorities for moving forward.

Council Member Schmid noted a number of P&TC Commissioners made the
point that a goal for the Downtown area should be set prior to discussing
particular buildings on one street. It was important for the Council to
discuss the Study to allow a broader viewpoint. From a City perspective, it
was important to have the types of revenues generated by sales activity.
The City had an important and vital financial interest in ensuring Downtown
retail businesses were effective and widespread. He supported the Staff
proposal which supported ground-floor retail on Emerson Street. He asked if
the proposal included the two corner lots.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Mark Michaels, Planning & Transportation Commissioner, reported Staff's
recommendation passed on a 5-2 vote. Members of the public who spoke to
the P&TC opposed the recommendation. The P&TC minority reasoned that
requiring ground-floor retail on a street-by-street basis was not holistic.

Council Member Holman recalled the 600 block of Emerson Street was
discussed for ground-floor retail protections during the SOFA 2 discussions
and during the 2009 rezoning discussions. She inquired whether Staff
considered the proposal spot zoning.

                                                                          Page 7 of 20
                                                          City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 4/8/13
