                    MINUTES
STUDY SESSION

4.   Transportation Demand Management Study Session.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment,
reported the top two issues voiced by the community were traffic and
parking.    Staff received a Colleagues' Memo and a follow-up memo
requesting Staff consider a comprehensive strategy for transportation
issues.   The Council directed Staff to schedule a Study Session with
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) experts. A TDM Program could
be defined as coordinated policies and programs that either required or
provided incentives for taking transit, carpooling, biking, or walking. In
other words, the primary goal of a TDM Program was to reduce solo driving.
Most traffic congestion was caused by single-occupancy drivers. Benefits of
a TDM Program were an easing of traffic and parking concerns, decreased
environmental and air quality impacts, and overall improved quality of life.
The City had a number of existing TDM-related policies and programs. Staff
would continue to implement those to determine how they integrated into a
comprehensive program. In February 2014, Staff would return with a
presentation on incentives, funding sources, an overall structure, and
potential TDM district boundaries. Staff talked with East Palo Alto Staff
regarding their shuttle system. Ms. Tanner-Busby created innovative TDM
Programs that reduced single-occupancy vehicle trips to the Contra Costa
Centre by approximately 30-35 percent. The John Muir Health Center
participated in the TDM network and experienced similar returns.

Lynnette Tanner-Busby, Contra Costa Centre Transit Village Executive
Director, indicated the Contra Costa Centre (Centre) was a 125-acre
development of 2 million square feet of office space. Fourteen private
property owners were involved in the Centre. The Centre had 7,000
employees, 6,000 residents, and 6,000 Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) riders
per day. The Centre began in 1988 with a primary function to build a transit
village around a BART station. One of the biggest pieces of the Centre,
excluding BART, was the TDM Program. Centre property owners voted to
form an assessment district, which collected approximately $270,000 per
year devoted specifically to TDM. TDM strategies were developed to reduce
traffic coming into the Centre.       The TDM Program offered ease of
participation, accessibility, and meaningful incentives for employees. The
Program began with vanpooling and progressed to carpooling. The TDM
Program provided personal commute planning, discounted BART tickets, ride
sharing incentives, bike to work, guaranteed ride home, midday shuttle, and
a green fleet. The success of programs could be attributed to the ease with
which employees paid transit fares.           The John Muir system had
approximately 100 carpools and the Centre had approximately 50 carpools.
                                                                        Page 2 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/9/13
