                       WORKING MINUTES
timeframe for Staff to present information to the Council and about near-
term solutions.

Ms. Antil planned to return with an Agenda Item at the first meeting in
October 2013.     Potential partners provided many programmatic ideas;
however, Staff had not reviewed them. Council Members Price and Kniss
provided contacts with County Staff.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff would discuss near-term and long-
term solutions in October.

Ms. Antil reported Staff would present a specific Motion with both near-term
and long-term strategies which the Council would have to fund. Staff would
continue to work with the faith-based community regarding vehicle
habitation and proceed with other partnerships.

Council Member Holman noted possible vehicle habitation sites were located
on the other side of Bayshore Freeway. People had lived at Cubberley for
years without causing problems.    She requested Staff find alternative
habitation sites in the near term.

Ms. Antil explained that once the Ordinance was effective, Staff would not
recommend an exception area. Owners of private property could propose
alternative sites.

Council Member Holman inquired whether locations on the other side of
Bayshore Freeway were community facilities.

Ms. Antil indicated many of the sites were covered by parkland restrictions
or the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance.

Council Member Holman felt the Council needed to provide relief to
neighborhood residents. Most of the homeless individuals did not cause
problems at Cubberley. The matter should be referred to the HRC as
homelessness was a core issue for the HRC.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to refer Agenda Item 16 to the Human Relations Commission
and that their involvement travel in parallel and in coordination with the task
force. The Council also directed the Policy and Services Committee to
engage the Human Relations Commission in relation to the Staff
recommendation Item Numbers 1, 2, 3 and 5.


                                                                            Page 20 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                         Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
