                             MINUTES
Mayor Scharff requested members of the public supporting the Project
stand, and then members of the public opposing the Project stand.

The Public Hearing opened at 8:41 P.M.

Candace Gonzales, Palo Alto Housing Corporation Executive Director, stated
PAHC provided affordable housing for the community for more than 43
years. PAHC properties always blended well with the neighborhood and
were true community assets. She requested the Council remember the need
for affordable housing when approximately 20 percent of seniors were living
at or below the Federal poverty limit.     The Project would provide 60
affordable senior units plus other amenities. PAHC would apply for tax
credits in July, and she felt PAHC had an excellent chance of winning that
round. The Project would be a solution to the existing problem in the
neighborhood. She reviewed changes made to the Project over the past
year to benefit the neighborhood.

Jessica de Wit, Senior Project Manager Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
reported PAHC held three community meetings, participated in a City Council
study session, and held a preliminary ARB meeting in an effort to work with
the community and the Council. The density of the senior housing was
similar to other senior housing properties at 50.8 units per acre. The
density for the Project as a whole was 31.3 units per acre. The front setback
for single family homes along Maybell Avenue was 17 feet. When neighbors
expressed concerns about the size of three-story homes along Maybell
Avenue, PAHC reduced the size of the third story and moved it back 35 feet
from the curb.      Homes fronting Maybell Avenue would have driveway
aprons. The parking ratio for the senior housing was 0.78. Low-income
seniors had lower impact on traffic, because they drove less often and fewer
seniors owned vehicles. Public transportation and shopping were located
near the Project.

Kate Young, Director of Resident Services Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
indicated affordable housing residents came from a variety of backgrounds.
PAHC residents often worked at essential jobs that paid only modest wages.

A.J. Lumsdaine, speaking on behalf of a group, referenced policies from the
City's General Plan. Neighbors were not opposed to a senior housing project
at the site. They were opposed to the PC zoning and massive scale of the
Project. The benefit of the Project was entirely for the City. If the City
wanted to build affordable housing at the site, then it should pay the cost.

Allan K. A. Marson did not oppose the Project, just the location of the
Project. The area was crowded with pedestrians, bicycles and cars. The
traffic study was flawed.
                                                                        Page 23 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
