                             MINUTES
The proposed site, owned by the City, was located at the end of Colorado
Avenue.     Staff determined through the California Department of
Transportation (Caltrans) that the site was not a landscaped freeway and
would be eligible for development of a reader board. In terms of market
interest and mechanical capabilities, the site was compatible for the use.
Further analysis would be needed for neighborhood impacts,
environmental impacts, development of the approach and necessary
Zoning and Code changes, public outreach, entitlements and procurement
of an advertisement vendor. Most likely an Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) would be necessary.

Mr. Keene noted the issue was first raised in 2008-2009. Discussion at
that time included the need for a digital message board connected with an
auto dealership. The Council requested other sites for placement of a
digital message board, and Staff identified the proposed site. Preliminary
research indicated a reader board could be installed at the site while
reader boards at other sites could be precluded. The auto dealership issue
faded, and the idea of a reader board faded along with it. The topic
resurfaced as part of the discussion of funding infrastructure projects.

Michael Hmelar stated an electronic billboard did not fit the general
aesthetics of the local park, the Baylands or residential settings in the
proposed area.

Annette Glanckoph, Vice Chair of Midtown Residents’ Association, opposed
the proposal to install a digital reader board.          Impacts would be
distractions to motorists, visual blight, harm to wildlife, and proximity to
parks and residents.

Stepheny McGraw opposed an electronic billboard. Greer Park made the
corner of West Bayshore and Colorado Avenue an attractive place, and the
Council proposed an ugly sign to detract from the beauty.

Robert Moss felt a digital reader board was not the way to raise revenue.
The proposal would violate a number of policies. He read Code sections
regarding signs.

Jill Matzke hoped the Council would suspend further activity on the
proposal. The billboard would impinge on local residents and parklands.

Stephanie Munoz stated the Council should retain the Ordinances banning
billboards. A billboard was not a good idea.


                                                                        Page 21 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
