                               MINUTES

ACTION ITEMS

3.   Discussion and Possible Adoption of Core Values.

James Keene, City Manager, reported Core Values grew from the Council's
discussion of Priorities. The Policy and Services Committee recommended
appointment of a subcommittee to organize Core Values and Guiding
Principles submitted by Council Members. The Committee attempted to craft
a simple list of Core Values from Council Member suggestions. The Policy
and Services Committee also recommended the use of the term Core Values
and generated questions for Council discussion. One of the questions was
whether the Preamble was well articulated and provided a definition of Core
Values. Core Values should guide the Council's and Staff's actions and be
relevant to the community. Simplicity and relevance and clear language
were important.

Terry Godfrey, Project Safety Net Steering Committee Member, wanted
thriving youth to be included as a Core Value. Palo Alto had a special
relationship with children.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the organizations represented by
members of the Steering Committee.

Ms. Godfrey indicated members represented YCS, different departments
from the City, PTA Council, ACS, Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
and Lucile Packard.

Ray Bacchetti, Human Relations Commissioner, adding thriving youth as a
Core Value was vital for youth to remain in the front of the community's
concerns.

Stephanie Munoz stated Palo Alto owed its existence to Jane Stanford and
her Core Values. Open space should be a Core Value.

Kathleen Blanchard advocated youth as a Core Value. Expressing youth as a
Core Value would result in families remaining in the City.

Council Member Berman felt the Council's Core Values should be the Core
Values of the community. This exercise was an opportunity to engage the
community in determining Core Values. The community could provide input
through a virtual white board, an actual white board, and the Council's 2014
Retreat.

                                                                          Page 4 of 8
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 9/30/13
