                                MINUTES
Mr. Keene reported funding in FY 2010 was $1.5-$2 million, and $5.5-$6
million in FY 2013.

Council Member Burt asked about the number of miles of roadway repaved
with increased funding versus the number of miles of roadway projected to
be paved with the FY 2010 funding amount.

Mr. Keene believed the number of miles was significant, but did not have
exact information. Prior to increasing the amount of funding, the pavement
condition index (PCI) score was 72. When the amount of funding first
increased, Staff expected to increase the PCI score over ten years to 77.
With current funding levels, Staff expected to reach the target PCI score in
eight years.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Karen Guo spoke on behalf of 100 members of the Palo Alto community
regarding safety and crime along the proposed Matadero Creek Trail. The
proposed trail included six dangerous, mid-block crossings of high-traffic
roads. The trail would be narrow and unlit. The City's transportation
officials requested community feedback, and agreed to revise the Request
for Proposal (RFP) for the feasibility study in response to citizens' concerns.
She asked that City Staff revise the RFP to address concerns.

Patricia Bilir expressed concern regarding the safety of mid-block crossings
in the proposed Matadero Creek Trail. She questioned whether the proposed
trail was a safe route to school, a recreational trail, or a bikeway for high-
speed adult bikes. She suggested barriers be placed along the trail at mid-
block crossings and a traffic light at Middlefield Road.

William Landraf was injured when he fell down a partial flight of stairs with a
deficient handrail in a building approved by the Building Department. An
oncoming driver veered into his lane of traffic to avoid a significant height
difference in the roadway on Alma Street, forcing him to abruptly turn to
avoid a collision. City Staff should recognize and mitigate such safety
problems. He suggested a wage bonus recovery system to provide positive
financial incentives for habitual excellent efforts in all areas of work-related
responsibility.

Glenn Affleck reported the contractor for the Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center removed three large trees, and no action had been taken
to replace the trees. He was concerned that dumpsters, pipes, and exhaust
vents would be an eyesore if they were not screened from view.

                                                                           Page 3 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 5/6/13
