                                   MINUTES
with a pedestrian dining arcade and with a pedestrian portal to an interior
courtyard. A second small portal was located along Acacia Avenue. The
project incorporated the existing building, Equinox Gym. The 48 residential
units would consist of studio and one-bedroom units, with a single two-
bedroom unit. The project would connect to a new below-grade garage.
She explained the operation of triple-stack car stackers.

Randy Popp, Architectural Review Board Commissioner, reported the ARB
reviewed the proposal for 3159 El Camino Real and addressed a wide
spectrum of items. The ARB requested the applicant revise nine items at its
first discussion. The applicant provided responses for the ARB's second
discussion, and the ARB reviewed the responses and recommended approval
of the project.

Robert Moss felt the project was oversized and would negatively impact
traffic and parking. Staff's estimate of car trips was low. The Council was
not required to grant all concessions requested by the applicant. The project
would also negatively affect traffic to and from Fry's Electronics. He wanted
1,100 square of office space eliminated from the project and more onsite
parking.

Marilyn Mayo generally opposed the density of the project.          Increased
density would impact traffic and parking.

Rob Lansfield opposed the project because of the height of the proposed
building.

Art Liberman stated the Council should have a comprehensive area-wide
traffic study prior to discussing new development projects. Traffic from one
development extended well beyond the immediate area of development.

Herb Borock urged the Council to reject the Mitigated Negative Declaration
(MND), the application for a CUP, and the DEE. Additional traffic from office
space and the lack of guest parking created significant impacts which were
not mitigated. Therefore, approval of the MND violated the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). Applying the bonus floor area to the
office space would have a significant impact on traffic.

Tom Dubois asked the Council to return the project to committee to be
considered comprehensively with other development projects in the area.
The Ventura neighborhood deserved its own Comprehensive Plan. Traffic
impacts to the neighborhood would be significant.

Stephanie Munoz concurred with prior public comment. A density bonus was
not appropriate, because residents did not want added density.
                                                                       Page 11 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 November 18, 2013
