                                MINUTES
with the goal of reducing solo car trips by at least 30 percent and return to
the full Council for further policy direction prior to initiating CEQA review,
soliciting contracts, or proposing new fees, Ordinances or Resolutions. The
City Manager shall retain a consultant to assist in the expeditious
development of a rigorous TDM plan.

Council Member Price encouraged her Colleagues to move forward with the
Motion on the table.

Council Member Klein believed there needed to be dramatic action taken in
the community. He noted he was familiar with one of the cities mentioned
earlier with respect to their TDM program and he did not see it made a
positive difference. He believed the entire community residential and
business needed to be involved before such a program was implemented.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to direct Staff to organize one or two Study Sessions with
outreach to various stakeholders, to have appropriate speakers including
representatives from Stanford and Contra Costa County and anyone else
identified as an expert or critic, and Staff will report to the City Council at
the same time as to the cost of any such study and its feasibility at an
appropriate timeframe to come forward. Also to have the City Attorney
identify and speak to any legal issues. Identify an outline for proposed ideas
of financing such a program. Identify possible other solutions to the traffic
and parking problems. Such report and Study Sessions to take place no later
than January 2014.

Council Member Klein did not feel the current recommendation of Staff
developing a comprehensive TDM was sufficient. There was not a clear
understanding of the time or cost implications. He questioned whether there
was Staff with ample expertise to accomplish the lofty goal. He stated he
was not advocating for any specific solution although he felt casting a wide
net to capture any relevant solutions for the issues including but not limited
to parking garages, a more sophisticated shuttle system, and additional
parking lots east of Bayshore should be considered.

Mayor Scharff clarified a TDM consultant was to be hired.

Council Member Klein stated it was not the normal practice for the Council to
authorize Staff to hire a consultant and the City Manager had a limit to his
spending account. He was unclear as to what precisely the consultant was
being asked to study.


                                                                         Page 27 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/16/13
