                               MINUTES
17.   Public Hearing: TEFRA Hearing and Approval of Conduit Refunding
      Obligations for the Oshman Family Jewish Community Center Through
      the California Development Authority Relating to Facilities Located at
      3921 Fabian Way, Palo Alto, California 94303 Resolution 9314
      approving the issuance of tax-exempt refunding obligations by the
      California Enterprise Development Authority (CEDA).

Joe Saccio, Assistant Director of Administrative Services reported the
Oshman Family Jewish Community Center (JCC) and its conduit agency,
California Enterprise Development Authority (CEDA), requested a Tax Equity
Fiscal Responsibility Act (TEFRA) hearing to allow the JCC to refinance tax-
exempt debt. Six years previously, the Council held a TEFRA hearing to
issue the original debt. TEFRA required a public hearing preceded by public
notice and approval of the conduit financing by the elected representatives
of the host government. Staff requested the Council approve a Resolution
for the JCC to issue tax-exempt financing and a Resolution for the City to
join the conduit agency. The City would not have any financial, legal, or
moral obligation as a consequence of approving the Resolutions. It had no
future responsibility for the JCC's debt.

Public Hearing opened and closed at 7:48 P.M. without public comment.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to adopt a Resolution approving the issuance of tax-exempt refunding
obligations by the California Enterprise Development Authority (CEDA) for
the benefit of Oshman Family Jewish Community Center (the Borrower) and
authorize the Mayor, City Manager (or such other designated signatory) to
execute the Joint Exercise of Powers of Agreement with the CEDA.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the JCC was acting wisely in utilizing these types of
public refinances to reduce operating expenses.

Council Member Holman requested Staff respond to Council Member
Schmid's questions submitted via email.

Mr. Saccio noted Council Member Schmid's question concerned the general
community's use of the JCC. City events held at the JCC included the annual
Senior New Year's event, the Palo Alto Film Festival, and the State of the
City event. Staff was collaborating with the JCC on teen services and teen
events. More recently, Community Services explored ways for Avenidas to
provide complementary services at the JCC.         There was an existing
partnership and use of the JCC.



01-14-2013                                                           112- 177
