                             MINUTES
Committee wanted to ensure good information was obtained through polling
with some type of added value for the resident.

Council Member Schmid wanted to understand whether November 2013 was
the correct time to perform the second survey or was there more information
to be presented on parking and value and benefits.

Council Member Klein explained that the discussion focused on the fact that a
Mello-Roos District was a new concept, and the Committee and the public
needed more information. A Mello-Roos District would be included in the
November poll to determine the amount of public support. Obviously more
information would be needed. To remain within the timeline for a measure on
the 2014 ballot, polling would need to start soon.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted Mr. Saccio provided some illustrations of Mello-
Roos Districts in San Francisco so that the Committee had a better
understanding of how a Mello-Roos District was already in place and went
forward. There were successful operational Mello-Roos Districts.

Council Member Burt inquired whether questions for the next survey had been
determined.

Mr. Metz replied no. He was in the process of developing the second poll;
however, it had not been finalized.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council needed to provide direction to the
Committee regarding areas for further study.

Ms. Tucker indicated the action for the Council was acceptance of the Staff
Report, which was an update on the Committee's areas of further study.
After the next survey, Staff planned to return to the Council for a decision on
next steps.

Council Member Klein reported the Committee, as advised by Staff,
determined that the first two rounds of polling were authorized by the
Council. The Committee had the authority to set forth what areas might be
refined in the second round of polling. The third round of polling would need
Council authorization and it was open for discussion at that time.

Council Member Burt recalled the Council authorized two rounds of polling. It
was not quite clear whether the Council ceded full direction to the Committee
as to policy directions driven by decisions on polling topics in the second
round. He inquired whether the Infrastructure Committee was an Ad Hoc
Committee or a Standing Committee.
                                                                        Page 11 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
