                     MINUTES

Council Member Klein recalled Mr. Ross objected to the City's process, and
requested the City Attorney comment on Mr. Ross' objections.

Ms. Silver did not believe the claim of insufficient findings was legally viable.
Mr. Ross referred to the variance issued at a Planning Director level. The
variance was not subject to the appeal and was not a legitimate claim. With
respect to CEQA, Mr. Ross stated that there was not a description of
potential subdivisions that could occur in the Project. Staff believed that the
project description was adequate.         A court decision stated a project
description needed to inform the public of the general parameters of the
overall project.      Staff did not agree with Mr. Ross' contention that
construction impacts were not identified in the Mitigated Negative
Declaration (MND). The MND found that there would be no construction
impacts given the City's standard mitigations for construction. He also
talked about the cumulative impact of other projects. That cumulative
impact was analyzed in the overall Comprehensive Plan Environmental
Impact Report (EIR). The cumulative impact remained within the cap
outlined in the Comprehensive Plan EIR. Staff did not believe that would be
a legitimate claim either. Staff also disagreed with Mr. Ross' argument
related to general plan consistency. The Record of Land Use Action found
that the Project was consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. With respect
to his procedural argument, the Council's protocols gave the Chair the ability
to shorten public comment on items. Staff did not believe that was a
legitimate comment as the appellant was given a full 10 minutes along with
the ability to allocate time within the overall group. He also raised the issue
of the project description not including additional parking fees that would be
paid as a result of the Project. That did not need to be included in the
project description. Finally Mr. Ross raised the issue that the MND did not
measure the TIRE index. The MND addressed the TIRE index in the traffic
impact section and stated that the TIRE Index was not triggered under the
traffic analysis.

Ms. Gitelman added that parking was a policy issue and not an issue within
the CEQA context. The MND made that very clear in its discussion of
parking.

Council Member Klein understood that parking was not a legitimate concern
for the Council at the current time.

Ms. Silver reiterated that parking was not an issue in terms of the number of
spaces and architectural review. Ms. Gitelman mentioned parking in terms
of the CEQA context. Under CEQA, parking was generally not considered an
environmental impact, except to the extent that an under-parked project
                                                                            Page 36 of 40
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/9/13
