Council Review of an Appeal of the Director's Architectural Review And Sign
Exception Approval of the Installation of One Projecting Sign on a 50,500 sq.
ft. Two-Story Mixed Use Building Located at 3445 Alma Street (Alma
Plaza/Village) in the Planned Community (PC-4956) Zoning District. Exempt
from the Provisions of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), per
CEQA Guidelines Section 15301 (Existing Facilities) to become Agenda Item
Number 15A.

James Keene, City Manager, reminded the Council that the usual practice
was to inform him prior to the meeting when Council Members were
considering removal of an item from the Consent Calendar so that Staff
could be present.

Mayor Scharff noted rules required Council Members to provide notice by
11:00 A.M. the day of the meeting.

Council Member Holman inquired about Council Member disclosures.

Ms. Stump reported the Council should finish public comment on the rest of
the Consent Calendar. If Council Members had disclosures on a quasi-
judicial item, then they should be made before the Applicant and Appellant
spoke.

Mayor Scharff asked if the Council should provide disclosures regarding Item
Number 10 prior to voting on the Consent Calendar.

Ms. Stump indicated Item Number 7 was not a quasi-judicial item at the
current time. It was an appeal that the Council decided not to hear.
Disclosures were not required for Item Number 7.

Mr. Keene clarified that an item removed from the Consent Calendar would
be either rescheduled for another date or set as the first Action Item. He
inquired whether the Council's intent was to hear Item Number 10
immediately following the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Scharff responded yes. The Council would hear Item Number 10 after
the Consent Calendar.

Kathleen Critchett spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7 and expressed
concern about noise and particulates from the project at 636 Waverley
Street. The building would be located very close to the adjacent building
where she lived.

Janice Berman spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7 and opposed the
project at 636 Waverley Street and read her letter to The Daily Post.
                                   5                   December 16, 2013
