                             MINUTES
      List for Persons Wishing to Obtain a Plot at one of the Three City
      Gardens.

10.   Approval of Change to Purchase Order for One Workplace to Add
      $89,000 of Storage Costs for a Total Amount Not to Exceed $792,794
      for Standard Furniture and Associated Storage Costs for the Mitchell
      Park Library and Community Center.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Corey Summers urged the Council to ask the developer of Alma Village to
delay signing a lease with Grocery Outlet until the Council could perform due
diligence on the impact of Grocery Outlet to the community. A potential
Grocery Outlet tenancy would violate the term grocery store and the health,
safety and welfare of the community, as stated in the Ordinance. In
addition, Grocery Outlet was a destination retail store which would attract
shoppers to an area with limited access and parking.

Council Member Holman requested the Director of Planning and Community
Environment respond to Mr. Summers' comments.

ACTION ITEMS

11.   Consideration of City of Palo Alto Offer to Purchase U.S. Post Office
      Building at 380 Hamilton Avenue and Agreement to Assume
      Enforcement of Historic Covenant (Continued from May 13, 2013).

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, provided
an update regarding the process for evaluating the potential for the City of
Palo Alto to purchase the United States Postal Service (USPS) building
located at 380 Hamilton Avenue. The building was a valuable community
asset, and purchase of it provided the City with the opportunity to preserve
the building and to consolidate City services. Staff attempted to obtain
USPS sale criteria for the building, and expected USPS to list the building for
sale with a price based on its appraisal of the building. The building could be
listed for sale in the next two to four weeks, assuming USPS received
approval from the California Historic Preservation Office. A number of
historic restrictions applied to the structure, and a historic covenant would
be associated with the sale whether the City or a private entity purchased
the building. Staff worked with structural engineers and historic architects
to ascertain the longevity and feasibility of maintaining the structure, and
obtained an appraisal to determine an overall cost the City could be willing
                                                                             Page 6 of 20
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 5/20/13
