                               MINUTES
      Plastic Bag Ban to Retail and Food Establishments, Require Retailers
      to Charge Fee for Paper Bag Use and Provision of Phased
      Implementation (Passed: April 15, 2013, 8-0, Berman not
      participating)”

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 6-12 PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBER 13 PASSED: 6-2 Kniss absent,
Shepherd and Klein no

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBER 14 PASSED: 7-0 Kniss absent,
Berman not participating

ACTION ITEMS

15.   Review of Guiding Principles for Stanford University Medical Center
      Fund Allocations and Allocation of $2 Million to Project Safety Net

James Keene, City Manager wished to update the Council and community on
the status of Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) Development
Agreement funds, to review guidelines suggested by Staff, and to follow up
on two potential funding requests. Staff recommended the Council approve
a $2 million allocation to Project Safety Net. A total of $4 million in the
Community Health and Safety Programs category had to be spent within a
ten-year period. Both the Policy and Services Committee and the Finance
Committee approved recommendations to allocate $2 million for Project
Safety Net. The $2 million amount for Project Safety Net was included in the
Adopted Budget. Staff requested the Council provide input or action on the
Guiding Principles for the use of funds.

David Ramberg, Assistant Director Administrative Services reported Stanford
University owed the City a total of $44.2 million under the SUMC
Development Agreement. As of the end of March 2013, the City received
$32.5 million from Stanford University. To date the City spent or loaned a
total of $4.9 million, leaving a balance of approximately $29.3 million
including $1.8 million in interest earnings. The City would receive $7.7
million in the category of Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods and
Affordable Housing in 2016. The City would receive $4 million in the
Sustainability Programs category.     The Council approved a $374,000
expenditure from the 27 University Avenue Project category entitled
“Linkage from Downtown Through Palo Alto Intermodal Transit Station to
Quarry/El Camino Real Intersection”. In addition, the Council approved
funding of $150,000 for that project from the Infrastructure, Sustainable
Neighborhoods and Affordable Housing category. From the Community
                                                                       Page 6 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/6/13
