                               MINUTES
or for balancing the budget, leveraging funds for matching grants,
accomplishing many projects to provide lasting impact, and safeguarding the
principle. Endowment concepts were suggested to assist the Council. Staff
recommended that all funding proposals be vetted through the Finance
Committee, with the Finance Committee making recommendations to the
Council.

Josh Walker urged the Council to consider allocating more SUMC funds to
future affordable housing projects in order to maintain diversity. As the
Council considered policy direction, it should consider Palo Alto Housing
Corporation's request to adjust the $1.5 million loan for the Maybell-Clemo
project to a long-term loan.

Stephanie Munoz felt the City of Palo Alto needed more low-income housing;
however, Stanford University had the only available land.         Stanford
University should house its low-income employees on Stanford University
land.

Council Member Berman assumed transformative projects would require
significant amounts of money; however, an endowment concept did not
advocate spending significant amounts of money. He wanted to understand
how the City could achieve both goals.

Mr. Keene suggested the endowment concept be viewed as an overlay for
the Council to move slowly in making funding decisions. Because the
Council would be besieged with funding requests, it should slowly determine
which requests provided transformative projects.

Council Member Berman believed the endowment concept created a
safeguard. He wanted the Council to have the flexibility to fund projects.

Council Member Schmid believed it was important to determine the process
first. The One Bay Area Grant (OBAG) Program presented certain guidelines
and principles which were not necessarily the same as the City Guiding
Principles. By using OBAG as a justification for projects, the City would not
fund projects in the long-term interest of the City. The original idea for the
27 University Avenue project was to construct a bridge on Quarry Road to
connect to Stanford Hospital. However, funds were spent on a different kind
of planning. He wished to ensure a consistent method was utilized to
generate ideas. Stanford Hospital provided funds to the City for public
access to the Stanford Medical School library and for public health subsidies;
yet, those were not mentioned.        He asked who was responsible for
generating and initiating spending proposals that were in the interests of
Palo Alto.
                                                                         Page 8 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/6/13
