                                MINUTES
maintenance expenses could not be charged against the 1 percent fee. The
1 percent fee paid for the initial acquisition of art. If a developer elected to
pay the 1 percent fee into the in-lieu fund, then a mechanism allowed Staff
to utilize those funds to acquire new art in other parts of the City and to
maintain, conserve, and manage the art. The Council would need to budget
for management and maintenance of the existing public art collection.

Vice Mayor Shepherd recalled $30,000 was budgeted annually for public art,
and asked if Staff considered a means to increase that amount.

Ms. Halpern clarified that maintenance of private developers' art was not
part of the proposed Ordinance. The $30,000 was utilized for the City's art
collection.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood the $30,000 amount was barely adequate
to maintain the artwork most in need of repair. Additional funding was
needed to maintain the City's collection. She inquired with funds from the 1
percent fee could be utilized to maintain the City's art collection.

Ms. DeMarzo reported that in-lieu funds could be utilized for maintenance to
newly commissioned artwork purchased with in-lieu funds. Artwork existing
prior to implementation of the proposed Ordinance could not be maintained
with in-lieu funds.

Vice Mayor Shepherd       expressed concern about budgeting funds for
maintenance artwork.

Council Member Schmid was concerned regarding discouraging landscape
architecture and designs on buildings. Some of those elements could be
effective in a space with intense ground-floor retail. He suggested different
areas of Palo Alto have different requirements to allow flexibility.        A
developer could have a different sense of art than those moving into the
development. Again, he suggested flexibility to allow residents to change or
adapt artwork.

Ms. Halpern indicated the developer could provide landscape architecture
and designs on buildings. The use of public art funds would be restricted.
The program would be successful through rapport and communication. Staff
hoped to create relationships with developers to assist them through the
public art process.

Council Member Berman inquired whether project costs up to $100 million
would be assessed at 1 percent and costs over $100 million assessed at 0.9
percent.
                                                                          Page 10 of 12
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 11/12/13
