                              MINUTES
STUDY SESSION

3.   Update on the Progress in Implementing the Climate Protection Plan
     Earth Day Report.

The City Council learned that key Greenhouse Gas (GHG) goals contained in
Palo Alto’s 2007 Climate Action Plan (Plan) were met, based on data for
2012, an important milestone year in the Plan. The 2012 GHG emissions
from City operations were estimated to be 53 percent below 2005 levels,
exceeding Council’s goal to reduce these emissions by 20 percent by 2012.
GHG emissions in 2012 by the City and Community combined were
estimated to be down 22 percent below 2005 levels, exceeding the Council
goal of 15 percent reduction below 2005 levels by 2020. A detailed
breakdown of these estimates was reported in the April 15, 2013 Staff
Report. City Staff will begin to revise the Plan to accommodate a further
reduction in GHGs and a rising sea level, leading to the adoption of new
goals by City Council in 2014. This work will be done in concert with an
update to the City’s Comprehensive Plan, which is being done in the same
timeframe. Transportation GHG emissions are roughly 40 percent of the
community’s total and both the Comprehensive Plan and the revised Climate
Action Plan will benefit from new vehicle use estimates which will be
performed in the upcoming months.            New GHG estimates were also
assembled for the City’s largest facilities and a summary of related energy
projects since 2005 was made available via the Staff Report. The City’s
largest energy user is the Wastewater Treatment Plant, where a 16 percent
GHG reduction has been achieved since 2005. The Wastewater Plant served
5 neighboring communities in addition to Palo Alto.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.   Proclamations Expressing Appreciation to Terry Godfrey, Rachel
     Samoff, Rob Steele, and Environmental Volunteers for Outstanding
     Public Service.

Council Member Berman read the Proclamation for Terry Godfrey into the
record.

Rob De Geus, Recreation and Golf Division Manager, believed one of the
most rewarding jobs in community service was working with residents. The
residents of Palo Alto were engaged in building a strong and healthy
community. Terry Godfrey wanted to improve the community culture for
youth well-being. She was focused, tenacious, and result-oriented. Ms.
Godfrey led the Project Safety Net Community Collaborative Team
Developmental Assets Initiative. By 2021, the Team's goals were for two-
                                                                          Page 2 of 18
                                                          City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 4/15/13
