                               MINUTES

Ms. Halpern responded yes.

Council Member Berman looked forward to conversations regarding proposed
artworks.

Council Member Klein agreed with previous comments. Maintenance of
existing art would have to be paid from amounts budgeted in the General
Fund. Funds from the 1 percent fee could not be utilized for maintenance of
existing art. The General Fund would not pay for maintenance of new art.

Mayor Scharff recalled the Council increased funding for maintenance of
artwork from $25,000 to $50,000 and subsequently decreased the amount
of $30,000. He inquired about the amount needed to properly maintain the
City's art collection.

Ms. Halpern reported Staff hoped to provide a conservation report on all art
pieces for long-term planning of maintenance needs.

Ms. DeMarzo explained that a great deal of maintenance was needed three
years previously when the first allocation of $50,000 was provided. The
amount of maintenance was leveling out because of ongoing funding. A
concise conservation report could determine an accurate amount of funds
needed.

Mayor Scharff asked if Staff was working to resolve the issue of funding.

Ms. Halpern replied yes. Staff would return within 24 months regarding
results of the policy and any adjustments it might need.

Mayor Scharff read a letter from a resident regarding the proposed program.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

8.   Public Hearing: Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and
     Record of Land Use Action for an Architectural Review Approval for the
     Demolition of an Existing 7,000 square-foot, Two–story Commercial
     Building and the Construction of a four-story, 50-foot, Mixed-use
     Building with a New Floor Area of 15,000 square feet, Including a Non-
     appealed Variance to Encroach into the Required Seven-foot Special
     Setback along Hamilton Avenue and to Encroach into the Required Six-
     foot Special Setback along Ramona Street, on a Parcel Zoned CD-
     C(GF)(P) located at 240 Hamilton Avenue (STAFF REQUESTS THIS
     ITEM BE CONTINUED TO A DATE UNCERTAIN)
                                                                        Page 11 of 12
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/12/13
