                               MINUTES
Lynnie Melena noted PAHC's outreach efforts. She supported the Project
and urged the Council to proceed with a November 2013 election.

Aram James supported the Project and hoped the Council would place the
referenda on a November 2013 ballot. Diversity in the neighborhood should
be preserved.

Jim Jurtovich felt the Council turned their backs on citizens by approving
high-density projects. The Council could allow construction of 30 units of
senior housing and 7 market rate homes.

Jean McCown, Palo Alto Housing Corporation Board Member, believed the
community supported the Project. The referenda should be placed on a
ballot in November 2013. Project opponents supported affordable housing
but only under existing zoning. The Project could not occur without the
approved PC Zone.

Chuck Jagoda believed diversity and affordable housing were important. He
supported the Council's adoption of the Ordinance and Resolution.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere supported the Project and urged the Council to
place the referenda on the November 5, 2013 election. He did not believe
senior housing would generate more traffic than market rate homes.
Massing of the Project was within the character of the neighborhood.

Aparna Ananthasubramanian reported the two leading causes of
homelessness in the elderly were poverty and lack of affordable of housing.
Waiting lists for affordable housing in Palo Alto were either closed or more
than one year long.         Affordable housing was critical for vulnerable
populations.

Herb Borock urged the Council to repeal the Ordinance for rezoning. A
Motion to place an item on a ballot or to repeal an item could be continued
to a future meeting. If the Council placed the referenda on a 2014 ballot,
PAHC could apply for funding in the next cycle. The cost for a ballot
measure on the November 2014 election would be less than $40,000.

Jennifer Fryhling, speaking for five people, expressed concerns about the
City's June 26, 2013 letter regarding Project zoning; PAHC's July 1, 2013
certification that zoning was complete for the Project; the City's failure to
retract any letter regarding zoning approval; and the City's June 18, 2013
letter regarding a loan commitment for the Project.


                                                                          Page 5 of 9
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/8/13
