                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein stated the Core Values were clear although had not
been documented; balanced finances, environmental sustainability, social
equity, and care for the youth. Without being exclusive he did not feel there
were any controversial items. He believed the Motion provided adequate
ability to continue any discussion to the April meeting that may not be
completed on February 2, 2013.

Council Member Kniss mentioned the Agenda documented Item Number four
as potential Core Values. She asked if there were possible additions to them.

Council Member Klein stated the term potential referred to potentially
adopted.

Council Member Kniss asked if there were more Core Values being added.

Council Member     Klein   noted   currently   there   were   no   Core     Values
documented.

Council Member Kniss urged the Council to document the Core Values prior
to discussing the action plans.

Council Member Burt noted there would not be an action plan at the end of
Saturday’s retreat but there would be perspective actions. The actions were
tied to the priorities not the Core Values. He agreed that he would have
preferred the Core Values to precede the priorities. The focus of the
Saturday Retreat was surrounding priority setting with brief discussions
around actions and Core Values. The second session was to refine the
implementation of the priorities and provide the opportunity to have a
meaningful and thoughtful discussion on Core Values.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to request the City Clerk bring a report to the February 2, 2013 City
Council Meeting so Council can set the 2013 Council breaks at that meeting.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated her understanding was the Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD) had changed their schedule and she believed an
interconnected break would benefit the Council. She recommended the City
Clerk to gather Council recommendations and submit proposed dates.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, informed the Council the Municipal Code
documented the setting of Council break be completed in February of each
                                                                          Page 15 of 17
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                               Minutes:
