larger projecting signs and banners were approved in the Downtown area.
She questioned the need for a Code when so many exceptions were granted.
The public was unhappy with the number of exceptions granted. A banner
sign would be sufficient even at the same size. Internally lit signs became
beacons. The proposed signage would not ensure the grocery's success.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member XX that the signage be changed to a banner sign rather
than an internally lit sign.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Price would not support the Motion. The design of the blade
sign was out of proportion with the building. The fact that the sign extended
10 feet above the roofline was troublesome. She recognized the economic
vulnerability of the location and the importance of a discount grocery. She
was concerned that the representative was unwilling to consider a smaller
size for the proposed sign. A successful grocery at the location was needed.
She requested Staff review the noticing procedures for ARB hearings.

Elena Lee, Senior Planner, reported notices for ARB hearings were mailed
about a week in advance of the hearing to everyone within a 600-foot radius
as well as anyone who expressed interest. Notices were also posted on the
website and published in the newspaper.

Council Member Price inquired whether neighborhood associations were
routinely notified of activities.

Mr. Aknin indicated major items were posted in the monthly report sent to
the community. Minor issues such as signage were not always placed in the
monthly report.     Staff was attempting to send notices to Palo Alto
neighborhoods of upcoming Council Agendas.

Council Member Price understood the need for sign exceptions and Master
Sign agreements; however, exceptions should be used judiciously.
Flexibility allowed more creative outcomes. For this particular location and
proposal, an exception was not appropriate.

Council Member Schmid remarked that everyone wanted a successful store
at the site. Adjustment of the size of the signage was the important issue.
The community should work with the Council to determine the appropriate
size for the proposed sign.

Council Member Berman inquired whether a sign height of 22 feet would
meet the grocery's needs.
                                  15                   December 16, 2013
