                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein believed the Motion had limited impact. The Council
favored retail because it was essential to a vibrant community. Retail use
did provide more tax revenue than office use, but that was not always the
case. The Council should look at the issue more broadly and consider
incentives to encourage more retail uses.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to continue the item and move it into the larger Downtown
Development Cap Study.

Mayor Scharff would not support the Substitute Motion. Many retailers could
not afford to start off on University Avenue, because of high rent rates. This
block was unique in that it connected Downtown to SOFA. The Motion would
protect retail uses. Once retail space converted to office space, it was
unlikely to convert again to retail space. The Substitute Motion did not
protect existing retail uses.

Council Member Berman noted the Colleagues Memo expressed concern
about losing retail spaces on Emerson Street. He requested a tentative
timeline for the Study.

Mr. Williams recalled this zoning was discussed in 2009.        The P&TC
recommended rezoning for Emerson Street. The Council did not accept that
recommendation. Since 2009, two retail establishments converted to office
space. He felt there was some vulnerability or potential for businesses to
convert to office space. Wrapping this zoning into the Study would require
six-months before Staff could present it to the Council.

Council Member Berman asked if the Council would begin a discussion or
take action in six months.

Mr. Williams hoped the Council would vote on something at that time. Some
zoning issues would be parsed out as Staff performed the Study. There was
more vulnerability in the 600 block of Emerson Street than in other locations
Downtown.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked what Staff would study if zoning for the 600
block of Emerson Street was included in the larger Study.

Mr. Williams explained Staff would review the whole Downtown area,
extensions or contractions of ground-floor retail, and other techniques to
entice retail uses.

                                                                           Page 11 of 20
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/8/13
