                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the words “mixed use” which were included
in the Executive Summary of the Staff Report will be added to the language
of the Resolution and to the Vision Statement.

Council Member Schmid expressed concern about the change in language
from equal treatment to equal consideration to equal attention for all
communities. He read definitions of consideration and attention. It would
be appropriate to have a strategy statement that each neighborhood shall be
treated equally. He requested Staff comment on the change in language.

Mr. Williams reported the issue was the differing proximities of
neighborhoods to tracks and other physical characteristics. There should be
equal attention to neighborhoods, but neighborhoods would not be treated
the same. The RC discussed that and provided direction to Staff regarding
the language.

Council Member Schmid noted a proposal had not been made for the mid-
Peninsula area, and it was inappropriate to create policy regarding
differentiations.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by XXX to change
Goal 1.3, “When examining the potential impacts of vertical rail alignments
equal attention shall be given to all Palo Alto neighborhoods. Adopted
mitigation measures should be proportionate to the impacts identified in
studies,”; to add that “all neighborhoods shall be treated equally.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burt noted the Agenda Item was slightly different from the
recommendation in the Staff Report.        The recommendation accurately
reflected the issue before the Council. He inquired whether the Motion used
the same language as the recommendation.

Council Member Klein responded yes.

Council Member Burt felt there were three parts to the Motion: approval of
the Study, amendment of the Transportation Element of the Comprehensive
Plan to incorporate the Vision Statement, and approval of the Negative
Declaration.

Mayor Scharff indicated those three actions were included in the Motion.


                                                                        Page 4 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
