                    MINUTES
recommended the Council schedule a new first reading of the proposed
Ordinance.

James Keene, City Manager, clarified that if Staff determined amendments
should be made to the Ordinance after its adoption, then there would be a
first and second reading of the amended Ordinance.

Council Member Burt wanted to understand whether the Ordinance would
require 200 amp service to homes. He expressed concern about the permit
fee amounts and attempts to streamline the permitting process.

Council Member Kniss felt the important aspect of the proposed Ordinance
was the requirement for installation of EV charging stations in new
construction and remodels.

Mr. Pirnejad noted the Ordinance addressed new construction only.

Council Member Kniss indicated Staff referenced tear-downs in their
presentation.

Council Member Burt requested Staff provide an analysis of the
circumstances, other than a complete tear-down, that would trigger an
upgrade for EV wiring.

Mr. Pirnejad would provide that information.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member XX to continue this item until the issues in question could be
addressed.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.   Public Hearing: Recommendation From the Policy and Services
      Committee to Adopt an Ordinance for Penalties on Expired Permit
      Enforcement for Residential Projects.

Peter Pirnejad, Director of Development Services, reported the Council
directed Staff to prepare an Ordinance that would impose penalties and fines
on expired permits. Staff incorporated Policy and Services Committee
(Committee) recommendations and provided a proposed Ordinance that
required all residential projects with expired permits be subject to potential
fines and fees.       Staff reported to the Committee that since 2003
                                                                         Page 27 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/9/13
