                              MINUTES

Mr. Williams anticipated the Council would provide some parameters for a
fine in the current discussion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid that the original language regarding housing be reintroduced so the
housing portion of the PC would not proceed at this time (eliminate item 8
and replace it with the original language “Prohibit any construction of
Building #1 and any development of housing (including site preparation for
the housing) until the SEIR is completed and an amendment to the approved
Planned Community (PC) zone is considered by the Council”).

Council Member Price explained the Motion did not outline any consequences
whatsoever for demolition of Building 1 and, thus, was not a sufficient
response.  The Amendment deferred the housing portion as originally
recommended by Staff.

Council Member Schmid stated the critical part was delaying housing. The
Amendment reiterated that losing a public benefit was an important issue.
The Amendment also included language regarding modification to the
proposed public benefits, which was a critical piece of the process.

Council Member Holman supported the Amendment.

Council Member Burt shared concerns that the provision allowing housing
was weak and ambiguous regarding a fine; however, the correct course was
not to prohibit construction of housing. He did not support the Amendment.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Burt's comments. Item 8
of the Motion did not include all the language of the Staff recommendation.
The controls were contained in Staff's recommendations.          The most
important concept was protecting the community, and the Amendment did
not accomplish this protection. The Council could devise an appropriate
penalty for the Developer's misdeed without bankrupting the Project.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Holman, Price, Schmid, yes

Council Member Klein explained proceeding with the Project would allow the
Developer to achieve some savings. The Council should utilize that amount
of savings as the basis for an appropriate penalty.

Vice Mayor Shepherd preferred a third party valuation to determine the
amount of savings.


03-04-2013                                                        112- 355
