                               MINUTES
MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to: 1) amend Chapter 9.14 (Smoking and Tobacco Regulations) of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code, by adding Section 9.14.005 (Purpose), 2) approve a
new Section 9.14.035 (Smoking Prohibited – Public Parks) (Attachment A),
and 3) amend Section 9.14.010 (Definitions) to increase the no-smoking
buffer zone near public building entrances from 20 to 25 feet for consistency
with LEED standards.

Vice Mayor Shepherd originally moved for smoking zones in open space
areas; however, smoking zones in open space areas would not be wise.
Smoking did not appear to be a problem in City parks. The policy should be
consistent; therefore, she preferred smoking be banned in all parks.

Council Member Price felt smoking should be prohibited in order to protect
public health, welfare, and safety in public parks. Banning smoking would
reduce litter and fire hazards.

Council Member Kniss felt designated smoking areas would be worse than
at-large smoking in City parks. The Council's responsibility was to protect
the public.

Council Member Schmid requested Ms. Hetterley provide PARC comments
regarding the Golf Course.

Jennifer Hetterley, Park and Recreation Commission Chair, reported PARC
felt the Golf Course was a different setting in that people on the Golf Course
were spread out over a large area, children were not playing nearby, and for
many golfers a cigar was part of the golf experience. PARC did not want to
risk turning away clientele when the City was attempting to build a clientele
for the redesigned Golf Course. Once the Golf Course reopened, the issue
could be reconsidered.

AMENDMENT:     Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to except smoking on the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course.

Council Member Schmid noted PARC held a long discussion and excepted the
Golf Course. Because of the City's investment in the redesigned Golf
Course, it should be an exception to the smoking ban.

Council Member Berman would not want smoking allowed in areas at the
Golf Course where people congregated. Health concerns were less for
smoking on the Golf Course because people were spread over the course.


                                                                         Page 14 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/12/13
