                     MINUTES
CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced Caltrain would work within its right-
of-way December 10-14 and December 17-21, 2013, between the hours of
8:00 P.M. and 6:00 A.M. Through the Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) Program, Staff was launching a pilot Microenterprise Assistance
Program to award grants to income eligible entrepreneurs. The Council's
and community donations supplied food, water, and medicine to thousands
of people in Palo, Philippines. On December 12, 2013, a group of physicians
would meet at the Gunn High School gym to pack medical supplies. Gil
Friend, the City's first Sustainability Officer, founded Natural Logic and was a
founding member of many organizations. He began his sustainability career
in 1972.

Gil Friend, Director of Sustainability, looked forward to making Palo Alto the
greenest city in America; however, there was no standard for being the
greenest city. Work would begin with a broad and engaging conversation.
Sustainability concerned design and innovation.              The challenge of
sustainability was people.         Better environmental performance, better
sustainability, better quality of life could mesh with better economics.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Berman hosted the Cub Scout Troop from Duveneck
Elementary School for a tour of the Council Chambers. On December 14 and
19, 2013, the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) and PTA Council in
conjunction with Covered California were hosting sessions regarding health
insurance registration under the Affordable Care Act.

Council Member Klein recalled comments at the December 2, 2013 meeting
regarding traffic data provided in the Staff Report. Staff had a professional
obligation to present information they determined was accurate. Public
perception was not always accurate. Staff should not be discouraged from
presenting data to the Council. Adina Levin's email pointed out that the data
was in some ways consistent with national data.

Council Member Holman, along with Council Members Berman and Kniss and
Vice Mayor Shepherd, met with Senator Jerry Hill to discuss local control.
The conversation was ongoing. She encouraged the community to make
donations to reliable nonprofit and faith organizations for clothing and
lodging due to the recent cold weather.

Council Member Burt reported the Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC)
discussed the pending issue of Caltrain capacity limitations. Awareness of
                                                                          Page 13 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/9/13
