                                   MINUTES
COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein attended the National League of Cities annual meeting
in Seattle, Washington, the prior week. The League adopted a policy
regarding global warming. Bellevue, Washington, had an extensive outreach
program funded primarily by the faith community. Palo Alto needed closer
collaboration with its faith community. Seattle's utility was developing
algorithms for infrastructure improvements with respect to climate change.
The League's finances and membership were improving.

Vice Mayor Shepherd also attended the National League of Cities meeting.
She attended sessions about the Smart City Program, the greenest building
in the world, LED street lights, smart kiosks, and natural disasters. At the
Center for Digital Government award dinner, Palo Alto won first place in the
medium city category.

Council Member Kniss stated the competition for Digital City awards was
astonishing.

James Keene, City Manager, added that the Center for Digital Government
provided a national benchmarking model for cities. Palo Alto won after
competing for only two years.

Council Member Kniss encouraged Council Members to attend National
League of Cities conferences. The 2014 annual meeting would be held in
Austin, Texas.

Mayor Scharff welcomed Boy Scouts. He attended the Santa Clara County
Cities Association meeting, where Staff discussed fiber and big data. Council
Member Schmid presented information regarding the Council of the Aging,
now known as Source Wise. He was elected Secretary and Treasurer of the
association. The Aurora opening the previous Friday was a fantastic event
with a large crowd. He attended the opening of the only northern California
American Girl store. Ronna Gonsalves of the City Clerk's Office was leaving
the City's employ.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jerry Enderdall believed streets safe for children to bike to school would
reduce traffic. He encouraged the Council to consider the bicycle boulevard
program independent of the Maybell Project. Bicycle safety was a key issue
on Maybell Avenue.

Stephanie Munoz felt the Council would have won the Measure D election if
the grant deadline had not come up just after the Council shifted

                                                                        Page 4 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 November 18, 2013
