                              MINUTES
With respect to the release of state prisoners, legislation enacted a program
to provide mental health and substance abuse services and job training to
inmates. The pilot program saved approximately $500 million and reduced
the recidivism rate to less than 20 percent.           Implementation of the
Affordable Care Act in California was proceeding better than the Federal
implementation. The Silicon Valley legislative delegation would send a letter
to the Governor and to the Insurance Exchange to request use of
independent, e-based companies. The water bond was scheduled for the
2014 ballot. He did not support the bond in the Assembly. Two proposed
bills would improve water quality, provide water storage, and improve flood
control. The main issue was those who benefited from improvements would
pay for the improvements. He authored a bill to lower the approval
threshold for school parcel taxes. By collective agreement the bill and
similar ones were tabled until early 2014 to develop a strategy for a
comprehensive approach. He authored legislation to codify the agreement
related to the blended two-track system and funding for electrification.

Council Member Kniss requested Senator Hill elaborate regarding the Delta
and land use along that pathway.

Senator Hill indicated there were two issues:       levee restoration and
maintenance, as well as conveyance of water to Southern California. The
effects of the Governor's proposal and the Delta Plan on the Delta and the
ecosystem of the Bay were serious concerns. The main problem was
insufficient funding.

Council Member Burt noted SB 4 regarding fracking did not require
treatment of surface waters. He inquired whether Senator Hill anticipated
additional regulations to require controls on emissions.

Senator Hill explained that fracking was ideally a closed system. The
problem occurred when water and chemicals stored in wells leaked into the
water supply.

Council Member Burt reviewed two recent Attorney General positions
regarding High Speed Rail (HSR), and asked if the Legislature had discussed
the positions.

Senator Hill had not heard any discussion with respect to the Attorney
General's opinion. He understood that funding for HSR would have to be
appropriated by the Legislature.

Council Member Schmid believed the homeless issue involved many different
levels of government.  In comparing homeless surveys of surrounding
                                                                        Page 2 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/21/13
