                               MINUTES

Council Member Schmid reported the State Demographic Office identified a
number of problems that were important for local governments. These
problems were important issues in the discussion of local options. The
demographic numbers from HCD and the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) were driven by a job-based forecast. Under State law,
the State Demographer had priority for identifying and discussing
demographic issues that should be used by all local agencies. He inquired
about the reason for use of information from ABAG rather than from the
State Demographer.

Assemblyman Gordon was not sure why the good information from the State
Demographer was not used. Legislators were reviewing that to try to
understand the potential for reforming the Housing Element law. Population
figures rather than job figures should be utilized.

Council Member Schmid indicated that property tax assessments in Santa
Clara County historically were balanced 50/50 between commercial and
residential property.   Over the prior five to fifteen year period, the
assessment ratio was $42 billion for commercial property to $92 million for
residential property. In the future, local governments would suffer because
of this. He encouraged Assemblyman Gordon to make tax reform a political
issue in 2014.

Assemblyman Gordon agreed that since Proposition 13 was passed, the
percentages of property tax had shifted. The challenge was understanding
how to make it appropriate.

Council Member Price felt the operational and safety issues regarding
Caltrain continued to be challenging. She asked if Assemblyman Gordon had
any observations about grade separation as it affected safety and operations
throughout the Peninsula.

Assemblyman Gordon believed a grade-separated line would be far safer.
He supported the ability of communities to decide the type of crossing within
communities. He would like to see a bond for rail improvements including
grade separations. An obvious challenge for Caltrain was the lack of a
dedicated source of funding. The Legislature would consider dedicated
funding and perhaps propose a bill in the future.

Council Member Price understood San Francisco City and County required
infrastructure projects to have elements addressing climate adaptation.
Funding could be tied to climate adaptation elements in the infrastructure
projects.
                                                                        Page 5 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
