                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein noted the most recent contract with the Rail Lobbyist
broadened the scope of his work to include work on CEQA. The Lobbyist met
with Assemblyman Gordon's and Senator Hill's staff on the issue. The Rail
Committee and the Council needed to coordinate legislative actions.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   Library Advisory Commission Viability Report.

Monique LeConge, Director of Libraries stated the Library Advisory
Commission (LAC) prepared a report regarding work to be done and
obstacles to recruiting new members. The recommendations came from the
LAC. She and Staff felt the LAC was useful. The LAC's primary role was
advisory to the Council and to Staff. Commissioners were assigned to
attend Friends of the Palo Alto Library Board meetings and the Palo Alto
Library Foundation Board meetings. The original expectation was that the
LAC would meet quarterly with special meetings as needed; however, the
LAC typically met monthly or bimonthly. The LAC Bylaws were amended to
allow for monthly meetings.

Robert Moss, Library Advisory Commissioner emphasized that libraries were
the highest ranked service after Public Safety on City Services surveys. The
community used and valued library services.          The LAC acted as an
intermediary among the community, Staff, and the Council to make libraries
efficient and responsive. The LAC requested the Council retain seven
Commissioners on the LAC.

Herb Borock indicated the LAC advised the Council on policy. He expressed
concern over the misconception that Commissioners advised Staff. He
suggested the LAC focus on policy issues. The proper method for changing
membership was to amend the Municipal Code. Fundraising organizations
should not have a designated seat on the LAC.

Council Member Schmid was impressed by the intense activity of citizens in
libraries. The use of libraries was changing dramatically. The LAC helped
work through current and future activities and programs of the libraries.

Council Member Price inquired whether monthly LAC meetings were
necessary, or whether bimonthly meetings would suffice while reducing Staff
workload.



                                                                      Page 24 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                           Minutes:
