                             MINUTES
Ree Dufresne opposed rezoning the site for the Project. The City did not
own the land necessary to make Maybell Avenue a safe street for
pedestrians and cyclists.

Soroor Elonesajjad opposed rezoning the site. He thought the Project would
cause problems for the neighborhood with respect to density and size. If the
City contributed to the cost of the Project, then PAHC could reduce the
density.

Lisa LaForge read an excerpt from the Hexagon traffic study. The May 2012
dates of the study did not accurately represent the traffic on Maybell
Avenue.

Robert Moss stated the private street requirement did apply to the Project,
because the senior housing building had no frontage on a public street.
Under the terms of the City's annexation of Barron Park, Barron Park
property owners must approve any sidewalks constructed in Barron Park.
Providing services to the Project would cost the City more than $150,000 per
year.

Karen Routt worked as a senior housing professional and supported the
Project.

Barbara Kurth wanted to remain in Barron Park when she needed to move to
senior housing, and supported construction of the Project.

Fran Wagstaff was happy to report that neighborhood concerns often did not
materialize. Senior housing had minimal impacts to neighborhoods. The
traffic study was consistent with her experience working with senior housing.

Nancy Medina supported the affordable housing development. Living in Tree
House Apartments had a positive impact on her life.

Shiloh Ballard, Housing Action Coalition, sought sound housing proposals
and encouraged support of those proposals. She supported the Project and
encouraged the Council to support it.

Kimberly Hurt did not have any issues with bike and pedestrian safety or
traffic. She supported the Project.

Doris Dahlgren felt the most important part of the Project was the residents.

John Caruso supported affordable housing in Palo Alto. Few seniors living in
affordable housing owned cars, and they did not drive during commute
hours.

                                                                         Page 24 of 33
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/10/13
