                    MINUTES
increase and/or a GO Bond for transportation, then it would be conducted in
January 2014. Staff requested direction regarding further information or
areas of additional study.

Herb Borock encouraged the Council to obtain data necessary to make a
decision regarding an amendment to the UUT. Residential users paid a flat 5
percent UUT while commercial users paid a tiered rate. A UUT ballot
measure would not decrease support for a TOT measure.

Council Member Price referenced Mr. Metz's statement regarding placing
only one measure on a ballot, in which case the Council needed to determine
which of the measures to place on a ballot. She inquired whether current
survey results could be utilized for a ballot measure in 2016.

Mr. Metz recommended the Council keep in mind that a TOT measure was
the only measure that FM3 was confident would withstand being paired with
another measure. If other measures were paired on a ballot, their support
might decrease. The City had ballots planned for June and November 2014
and again in 2016. In terms of durability of data over a longer timeframe,
the 2016 electorate would be very different from the electorate polled in
2013. Changes in political and economic circumstances between 2013 and
2016 could shift support. He would recommend subsequent polling if the
Council decided to postpone a ballot measure to 2016. When FM3 compared
survey results from 2013 with survey results from five years ago, the results
were remarkably consistent.

Council Member Price assumed placing a measure on the June 2014 ballot
was improbable given the timeline outlined by Staff.

Mr. Metz agreed. Given the relatively uncertain level of support for some of
the measures, the higher voter turnout in November 2014 would probably
be beneficial.

Council Member Berman felt the Council was on schedule with the original
timeline of determining a ballot measure. He was happy to learn a public
safety building received 69 percent support.           Survey results for the
transportation GO Bond and sales tax were good. He inquired about the
potential level of support for a sales tax used for parking and transportation.

Mr. Metz explained that the funding mechanism mattered most if a measure
required a two-thirds supermajority vote. There were only a few funding
mechanisms, regardless of their use, that reached that level of support, with
the possible exception of schools. TOT increases and GO Bonds tended to
receive higher support and moved closer to the two-thirds level of support.
                                                                          Page 20 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/9/13
