                                MINUTES
Robert Moss expressed concerns regarding the 10 percent increase in the
contract amount, the high rate of turnover in PAHC managers, the lack of
adequate maintenance of units, and the lack of oversight of vacant units.
The Council should ask these questions.

Council Member Berman inquired about the timing of the contract with
PAHC.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, understood the contract with
PAHC expired July 31, 2013. Because of scheduling issues, approval of a
new contract was delayed to the current time. PAHC could not be paid for
services provided since July 31 until a new contract was executed.

Council Member Berman asked if PAHC provided services without being paid
for them.

Ms. Silver answered yes.

Council Member Berman asked if the contract contained assurances that
PAHC would use funds only to manage the Below Market Rate (BMR)
Housing Program.

Ms. Silver reported all City contracts contained a specific scope of services.
The scope of services attached to the PAHC contract itemized services PAHC
was to provide and for which PAHC would receive payment.

Council Member Berman inquired whether payment would be lump-sum or
periodic.

Ms. Silver indicated PAHC would provide services and submit a monthly
invoice to the City for those services. PAHC would receive payment for the
actual hours worked, up to the maximum amount of the contract.

Council Member Berman requested a brief history of the City's partnership
with PAHC and the program.

Council Member Burt referenced Mr. Liberman's insinuations, and asked if
Staff had any concern regarding the appropriate use of funds, whether over
the entire history of the program or in recent history.

Ms. Silver reported PAHC was a well-qualified provider of services. The City
had a longstanding partnership with PAHC. To Staff's knowledge, PAHC had
not expended public funds in violation of the contract or City grants issued to
PAHC. An attorney representing PAHC informed Ms. Silver that PAHC was
                                                                           Page 8 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 10/7/13
