                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired about a systematic review of parking
requirements for projects.

Mr. Aknin agreed a systematic review of overall parking requirements was
needed.

James Keene, City Manager, would send an informational memo to the
Council regarding a review. If the Council required additional information, it
could request an Agenda Item on a future agenda.

Council Member Burt requested Staff comment on the environmental
analysis with respect to pedestrian and bicycle needs for the Newell Street
Bridge.    Other issues noted by Ms. Mulvey were not part of the
environmental analysis on the Agenda.

Brad Eggelston, Assistant Director of Public Works, intended to have a
thorough evaluation of the potential layouts for any replacement bridge as
part of the full Environmental Impact Report (EIR) process. The Agenda
Item was a screening of alternatives. Staff was considering a wider range of
options than originally proposed in 2012. When Staff determined which
options were feasible, then they would present a contract amendment for
the EIR phase of the project for more detailed evaluation of the bicycle and
pedestrian facilities.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council would receive an analysis of a full
array of bicycle and pedestrian alternatives.

Mr. Eggelston responded yes.

Council Member Burt reiterated that parking and other issues would be part
of the project analysis but not part of the environmental analysis.

Council Member Price asked when the parking requirement review could be
completed, because the Council needed to be mindful of parking spillover
into residential areas.

Mr. Aknin did not have an exact timeframe. As part of the informational
item, Staff could create a realistic timeframe. In the meantime, Staff would
continue working on methodology changes for California Avenue.

Council Member Price inquired whether the methodology changes would be
implemented on California Avenue area as well as Downtown.


                                                                           Page 16 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
