                             MINUTES
June 4, 2013; 2) Adopt a Planned Community Ordinance Amending the
Zoning Map to Change the Zone Designations from R-2 and RM-15 to Allow a
12 Unit Single Family and 60 Unit Affordable Rental Development for Seniors
(Attachment A), including Two Concessions under State Density Bonus Law
(Building Height and Daylight Plane); and 3) Approve a Resolution Amending
the Comprehensive Plan Designation for a Portion of the Site to Single
Family Residential (from Multifamily Residential), for the Project Located at
567-595 Maybell Avenue (Attachment C).

Council Member Kniss felt a vote on affordable housing was always difficult,
because the community was resistant to affordable housing. The Maybell
Avenue site was appropriate for affordable housing. She suggested the
single-family homes be reduced in number to 12 and in size to two stories.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether the applicant would be allowed to choose
which three units were removed from the development.

Council Member Kniss indicated the three housing units should be removed
from Maybell Avenue. The total number of housing units for Maybell Avenue
would be six.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood most community members approved of the
senior housing portion of the development. She objected to the wall of
single-family houses, and needed further clarification of the development
from Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC). She withdrew her second of the
Motion.

REVISED MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to: 1) Approve a Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment
B) amended June 4, 2013; 2) Adopt a Planned Community Ordinance
Amending the Zoning Map to Change the Zone Designations from R-2 and
RM-15 to Allow a 12 Unit Single Family and 60 Unit Affordable Rental
Development for Seniors (Attachment A), including Two Concessions under
State Density Bonus Law (Building Height and Daylight Plane); and 3)
Approve a Resolution Amending the Comprehensive Plan Designation for a
Portion of the Site to Single Family Residential (from Multifamily
Residential), for the Project Located at 567-595 Maybell Avenue (Attachment
C). Furthermore, to reduce the number of homes on Maybell from 9 to 6
and homes on both Maybell and Clemo would change from 3 stories to 2
stories.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to improve the street facing elevations of all
single family units by varying setbacks of units along Maybell and Clemo; to
strengthen and refine the design features, roof lines and landscaping of all
                                                                         Page 3 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
