                               MINUTES
committee and a full copy of the study. The City Manager mentioned
$310,000 over five years, but he did not recall any such amounts in the
compensation plan or budget. Unlike previous plans, the Staff report did not
indicate each job classification that changed.

Mayor Scharff noted Burbank, Long Beach, Anaheim, and Roseville were
included in order to provide comparisons for utility positions; however, the
plan applied to the Utilities director only.

Ms. Shen stated comparing Palo Alto to cities that provided a full range of
services including utilities was applicable to other members of the group.

Mr. Keene explained that the study compared positions to the market and to
other positions within the City.     Inclusion of this data allowed the
measurement of differences in the marketplace.

Mayor Scharff suggested that the larger the city, the more the professional
group was paid. He inquired whether a City Manager's salary was based on
the number of employees of the city.

Mr. Keene felt a chief executive's salary could be lower in larger cities,
because the political exposure was more significant. Generally City Manager
salaries varied across a range.

Mayor Scharff assumed there were large variances between Sacramento and
Southern California, for example. He asked if cities with large populations
skewed the data and, if the study compensated for that.

Ms. Shen agreed the Southern California cities were larger than Palo Alto.
Those cities were used because they had the same labor market and similar
services including utilities. Even though Utilities were part of a separate
union, many Staff in other departments supported utilities. It was a good
decision to benchmark against cities providing utilities.

Mayor Scharff asked if Staff who supported Utilities had special skills, and
thus would earn a higher salary.

Mr. Keene believed the issues were marketplace pricing and work
complexity. Even though the number of Palo Alto employees was less than
other cities, the complexity of the environment could have more in common
with larger cities. In addition, the cost of living was higher in the Bay area
than in Southern California. Recruiting and retaining employees was not
easy in the current economy and in the region. Staff needed flexibility to
hire the type of employee demanded by the City.
                                                                        Page 21 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/6/13
