                                 MINUTES
to 475,000 square feet on a single story while improving the overall
efficiency of the site. Stepped-back second stories for structures could
easily provide an additional 100,000 square feet of building space without
utilizing the 9.4 acres. Cubberley could accommodate both school and
community use on 35 acres. Planning for phased development was the best
method to accommodate divergent City and PAUSD timelines for investment
and construction. The Sub-Committee recommended a short-term renewal
of a renegotiated Lease reflecting a joint commitment to goals. The City and
PAUSD should use the Lease renewal period to develop a Memorandum of
Understanding (MOU) that guaranteed an ongoing community center
function and defined the parameters of ongoing investment and cooperative
planning. The renewal period should be used to develop jointly a long range
master plan that would incorporate comprehensive assessments of current
and forecasted needs. The City and PAUSD could jointly create a phased
development plan that would identify a location on the site for a community
center, would avoid a sizeable and lengthy gap in services, would engender
commitments to design flexible programming space, and would provide
taxpayers with a clearly defined long-term vision to explain and support
fundraising initiatives.    Such a plan could realize significant ongoing
efficiencies for both agencies.

Lanie Wheeler, Cubberley Community Advisory Committee Member,
indicated the Sub-Committee provided the larger CCAC with a series of
reports for use in making recommendations. The Sub-Committee focused
on the short-term period of five to ten years. The first report was a financial
analysis of the current overall conditions of the City and PAUSD. The second
report was a primer for CCAC to use in making recommendations. The third
report was a study of three joint-use facilities. The appendix for the third
reported provided lists of joint-use projects throughout the U.S. The fourth
report was a series of funding options. The fifth report concerned the use of
joint powers agreements and formation of a joint powers agency. Additional
work was needed regarding funding once the City and PAUSD made initial
decisions regarding Cubberley.

Mr. Cobb asked the Council and PAUSD to give attention, creativity, and
vision to continue and enhance Cubberley as a special place.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Alex von Resen noted increased housing requirements were the driver of
increased growth. He questioned whether there were limits on increased
housing and whether those limits, if any, increased the need for educational
facilities. He asked when a final decision regarding Cubberley would be
made public.


                                                                 March 14, 2013
