                               MINUTES
Additional costs under Option 2 were determined by the size of an ECF: no
additional costs for a site less than 3.8 acres and approximately $3 million
for a site of 10 acres. Option 3 would not require additional costs for a 3.8-
acre site, no additional costs for a 5-acre site, and reduced costs for a 10-
acre site. Staff requested the Council direct them to seek regulatory
approval for a partial cap; to procure and present a construction contract;
and if regulatory approval was denied, then the City could cap the entire 51
acres. The Plan was approved as part of the Consent Calendar; therefore,
Staff would prepare a Plan in conjunction with the RFP. If the RFP did not
result in an ECF, then the Plan would allow management of solids from the
Sewage Treatment Plant and retirement of the incinerators. A biosolids
facility could be located on the Sewage Treatment Plant site, while the
Measure E site was not on the Sewage Treatment Plant site.

Mr. Arp stated the objectives of the RFP were to establish reliable, cost-
effective, long-term solutions for organic management; enhance the
beneficial use of organics such as energy or compost; reduce environmental
impacts including greenhouse gases; reduce landfill disposal and increase
diversion; and phase out the incinerator at the Water Quality Control Plant.
Staff sought proposers to finance, design, build, and operate a facility under
a long-term contract, probably 20 years. The three feed stocks were food
scraps, yard trimmings, and biosolids. Proposers were required to propose
on all three stocks and have options for other alternatives. Staff narrowed
the process choices to AD or gasification. The sites were the Measure E
location, the Regional Water Quality Control Plant, or an offsite export
facility. The proposal evaluation criteria did not require the lowest price
proposal be selected, and did not commit the City to any action. Staff
recommended the Council direct Staff to release the RFP for an ECF, to seek
regulatory approval for Option 3, to procure a construction contract with
added alternates for 2013; and to cap all 51 acres if the City did not receive
regulatory approval to cap 17 acres.

Mr. Bobel reported bids would be released in March 2013 in order to
complete capping work before fall 2013. Staff would need to complete
preparations for a regulatory submission in the next two months in order to
complete construction work in 2013.

Council Member Kniss requested Staff provide the names of the regulatory
agencies overseeing the Project.




01-14-2013                                                          112- 180
