                               MINUTES
      (2) Enter into Contracts with Project Controls and Forensics, LLC in an
      amount not to exceed $100,000 and with David Neagley, AIA in an
      amount not to exceed $275,000 for Expert Consultant Services
      Related to Public Works Construction Matters.

12.   Staff Recommends That Council Approve the Short Form Agreement
      for Revenue Contracts (Attachment A) Extending the Joint Venture
      Between the City of Palo Alto and the Cardiac Therapy Foundation of
      the Mid-Peninsula, Inc. (CTF) through December 31, 2014.

13.   Adoption of an Ordinance Reducing the Size of the Library Advisory
      Commission from Seven to Five Commissioners and Amending the
      Frequency of Regular Meetings to Bi-Monthly.

14.   Approval of the Mutual Cooperation and Support Agreement between
      the City of Palo Alto and the Friends of Palo Alto Children's Theatre.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Numbers 3-6 and 8-14:               9-0

Mayor Scharff noted that he had speaker cards for Agenda Item Number 3.
They should have been able to speak before the vote. He would let the
public speak and call for a revote on the Consent Calendar.

Bruce Hodge, Carbon Free Palo Alto reported Palo Alto was one of the few
cities in the nation to have carbon-free electricity. With this improvement,
Palo Alto's rates remained substantially below PG&E's rates. Carbon Free
Palo Alto called for a goal of reducing carbon emissions by 60 percent in ten
years.

Walt Hays hoped the Council would continue to aggressively promote energy
conservation, refocus and retain PaloAltoGreen, and lobby for legislative
change.

Sudhanshu Jain felt Agenda Item 3 was a historic opportunity to make Palo
Alto's electric supply carbon free. He applauded Palo Alto for completing its
climate protection plan in 2007.

Michael Closson, Acterra Executive Director supported the Council's adoption
of Agenda Item 3. He noted Mr. Hodge's leadership in moving forward this
initiative. This could be an important test bed for a variety of innovative
approaches to reducing carbon emissions.




03-04-2013                                                          112- 344
