                               MINUTES
CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced on March 19, 2013, the Finance
Committee unanimously recommended the Council approve a 7 percent
water rate increase effective July 1, 2013. A rate hearing and the deadline
for public input was scheduled for the same date as presentation of the
Fiscal Year 2014 Budget. On April 16, 2013, the Finance Committee would
review the Five-Year Financial Forecast for gas, electric, and sewer services.
Staff recommended no rate changes for those services in Fiscal Year 2014.
The Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Board of Directors on
April 4, 2013 would consider proceeding with a nexus study, which could
require all Santa Clara County cities to participate in a habitat conservation
plan as a condition for receiving One Bay Area Grant transportation funding.
VTA Staff did not recommend proceeding with the study, and City Staff
would submit a letter to the VTA disapproving any potential decision
requiring non-member agencies to participate. The pilot program for refuse
collection began March 27, 2013 in the Greenmeadow neighborhood. Cesar
Chavez Day was celebrated March 31, 2013. Artwork of Bill Barrett was
placed behind the dais in the Council Chambers.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Stephanie Munoz stated cities did not have to build new low-income
housing; they could retain current low-income housing. By rezoning Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park, the City was giving the property owner and
developer the right not to have low-income housing required by Zoning laws.

Robert Moss indicated there was no relationship between public and private
benefits in Planned Community (PC) Zones. Public benefits were usually
minimal while private benefits were large. Public benefits for preserving
historic buildings were difficult to quantify; however, the City could place a
value on those public benefits.         The City should enforce PC Zones
immediately.

Council Member Price spoke regarding the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) nexus study. The VTA Policy Advisory Committee voted 10-
0 against the study, and the VTA Technical Advisory Committee voted 11-1
against the study. Issues of concern were the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) and local authority implications.




04/01/2013                                                          112- 435
