                            MINUTES
Lydia Kou urged the Council to cease all rezoning applications. The Project
was filled with improprieties. Approving the Project would add to pollution,
fuel consumption, road rage and emergency response times.

Manoj Bose supported the senior housing Project. Traffic was always going
to be a problem in Palo Alto, and the Project should not be delayed based on
that argument. The location was perfect for senior housing.

Litsie Indergand supported senior housing and the Project.

Edie Keating hoped the Council would consider whether the neighbors'
concerns were accurate and significant. The Project would have the least
impact on traffic of any alternative proposal. The neighborhood already had
density issues. She requested the Council approve the Project.

Wynne Furth asked the Council to approve the Project. As a land-use and
environmental lawyer, she was convinced the Project would be better than
any other development.

Carol Gorsten felt the Project was high density and not compatible with the
character of the neighborhood; however, affordable housing was needed in
Palo Alto. She requested the Council make changes to the Project and then
approve it.

Jean Marlowe noted the single family homes were part of the Project to
assist with paying for the Project. Removing one or two single family homes
would not significantly increase the value of the homes.

Joseph Hirsch, speaking on behalf of a group, relayed that the neighborhood
was rightly concerned about the number of units, parking, traffic and
streetscape resulting from the Project. He suggested the Council create a
working group to reconcile the two groups and craft a solution.

Jill O’Nan reported that the Human Relations Commission discovered an
urgent need for senior low-income housing in Palo Alto. As a resident of the
neighborhood, she felt some of the neighbors' concerns were confused or
inflated. Neighbors were frustrated by the traffic patterns in the area. She
hoped the Council would approve the Project.

Cedric de la Beaujardiere generally supported the Project. He suggested
access to Maybell Avenue be conditioned on an increase in traffic and school
start times be staggered. The suggestion of a working group to find
consensus was reasonable.



                                                                        Page 29 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
