                          DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Price suggested the City could obtain health information
from employees who volunteered for wellness plans rather than obtaining
the information from CalPERS.

Ms. Shen agreed. The Police Department had a wellness program that
partnered with a local health provider for a total health assessment and
prescription of diet and exercise regimens. In some instances, the health
assessment identified chronic conditions that the individual was not aware
of.

Council Member Price inquired whether CalPERS was considering different
kinds of plans and providing more variety in plans.

Ms. Salazar reported one of CalPERS' main concerns was the need to cover a
large number of early retirees under the same terms and conditions as
active employees. One of the greatest requests agencies submitted to
CalPERS was to create a high deductible health plan; however, CalPERS did
not support that concept. She hoped to have some sort of communication
from CalPERS to further define plans of the future.

Council Member Price asked what accounted for lower healthcare costs for
California versus the remainder of the country.

Ms. Salazar indicated some of the reasons were a relatively younger
population, access to a larger number of providers, and a different mindset
regarding lifestyle.

Council Member Klein noted line 12a on W-2 forms provided the cost to
employers of medical insurance for the year. Line 12a did not impact the
amount of taxes owed.

Ms. Shen reported the City recently provided total compensation statements
to all Palo Alto employees. It provided graphs and charts about the value of
benefits on an individual basis. Staff intended to do that every year.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the letter to CalPERS regarding
definition of income had been sent.

Ms. Stump stated the draft letter was in process.

Mr. Keene noted other cities were also discussing how far reaching the
definition was.


                                                                        Page 8 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
