                               MINUTES
Aaron Aknin, Planning and Community Environment Interim Director, added
that fencing around stalled construction projects could violate the City's
Fence Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss asked if there were any requirements for the
contractor, property owner or developer to repair the sidewalk or street at
the end of a construction project.

Mr. Pirnejad explained that a public works encroachment permit was
associated with a building permit for residential construction. In order to
finalize the building permit, the public works encroachment permit needed to
be finalized.

Council Member Kniss inquired about a penalty to the contractor for repair of
sidewalks and streets.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, suggested Staff review current permits for a
remedy. To the extent a remedy was not available, Staff could consider
other actions to recover the cost of damages to the City's right-of-way and
other facilities.

Council Member Kniss asked if Staff could provide that information without it
being a part of the Motion.

Ms. Stump felt the direction was sufficient for Staff to provide additional
information.

Council Member Kniss hoped Staff could return by the end of the year.

Ms. Stump could provide that information along with the recommendation
from the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Berman agreed with prior comments. He supported the
Motion for two reasons: 1) to provide an incentive for builders and owners
to complete projects in a reasonable and responsible amount of time; and 2)
to give neighbors a reasonable expectation of the duration of construction.

Council Member Holman believed stalled construction projects were blights
on the community. She inquired whether Staff needed direction to bolster
Code enforcement efforts as part of the Motion.

Ms. Stump did not fully understand what Council Member Holman was
requesting Staff provide.

                                                                        Page 5 of 13
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/23/13
