                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein indicated polling was not policy. One poll was not
the final poll. If the Council did not like the questions in or answers from
the November 2013 poll, it could request another poll. Polls would provide
information, and more information was better within certain constraints.
One constraint for polling was the limited amount of time for each survey.
He appreciated comments regarding potential fund raisers. Again, the
Council was requesting information and was not creating policy.

Mayor Scharff noted the Committee met eight times and considered poll
topics carefully.

Council Member Kniss felt there were pitfalls in polling. The Council would
know the accuracy of the polls once the election was held and votes
counted. The Council was heading in the right direction, and she would
support the Motion.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated information had been synthesized. She did
not want the community to think the Council was bundling unpopular
items with popular items. The Public Safety Building received majority
support; however, supermajority support was needed.           She was
concerned about the lack of seismic retrofitting of the current Public
Safety Building.    She preferred the community support a General
Obligation Bond for a Public Safety Building. The Council had not built
support from the Chamber of Commerce and real estate community for a
Business License Tax.

Council Member Schmid felt the biggest pitfall was information. He agreed
with the public comment that the Council had not confronted the parking
issues. The Council did not know the size and scale of the existing parking
deficit. Staff should account for and provide that information in the near
future, before the Council made decisions on parking. The Cities polls
were needed because the Council did not receive the contextual
information essential to making an intelligent decision.

Council Member Burt noted City Councils for more than 15 years agreed
that the Council had an obligation to provide a seismically secure and
adequate Public Safety Building. Retrofitting the current Public Safety
Building was not feasible both physically and seismically. Polling would
not support a new Public Safety Building without strong public education.
Generally, the Council was much closer to funding many of the
infrastructure projects through other sources. The Council did not need
new revenue for a Public Safety Building, and the Jay Paul Company did
not have to pay for the Public Safety Building. The Council should educate
the public regarding the importance of a new Public Safety Building. He
                                                                        Page 18 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
