                                MINUTES
of leadership   on   State,   Federal,   County   and   Regional    boards        and
commissions.

Council Member Price felt institutional memory for policies and practices was
valuable.    Developing connections and resources related to regional
representation required continuity and time.      Having three terms was
necessary.

Vice Mayor Shepherd related the history of the Mayor of Mountain View
serving as President of the League of Cities.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported a newly adopted State law allowed the
Council to place a Charter Amendment before the voters no sooner than
June 2014.

Council Member Burt inquired about the sense of urgency to proceed with
term limits.

Council Member Kniss explained that the information regarding State law
was received late that afternoon; however, the authors felt the time was
appropriate to bring the issues forward.

Council Member Burt noted that Mountain View had term limits that did not
inhibit the Mayor from achieving a leadership role.

Council Member Kniss explained it was unusual for an organization to hold a
position for someone. It was not simple for Mountain View's Mayor to move
into the regional position once reelected.

Council Member Burt wanted community dialog.       He would support
continuing the Agenda Item, but would not support Staff returning with
proposed ballot language at the next meeting.

Mayor Scharff clarified that the Motion did not require Staff to return at the
next meeting.

Council Member Burt inquired when Staff would return with proposal
language.

Mayor Scharff assumed Staff would return sometime in the fall.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the Colleague's Memo requested Staff return
with proposed language on June 10, 2013; however, with the new law there
was no need for Staff to return on June 10.
                                                                            Page 31 of 35
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 06/03/13
