                    MINUTES

Council Member Holman stated the Director reiterated that the 2,000-
square-foot mezzanine was not a grandfathered use.

Mr. Aknin noted the Project was a grandfathered facility of 7,000 square
feet. The transfer of TDRs allowed an additional 5,000 square feet to reach
the 12,000-square-foot cap.

Council Member Holman stated the consideration given historic buildings in
terms of Area Potential Effect (APE) was inadequate. She strongly supported
compatibility and consideration of historic buildings in the historic context.
Differentiation standards did not require a proposed building be the exact
opposite of adjacent buildings with respect to architectural style. She met
long ago with Mr. Smith, but not about the Project.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid that Council uphold the appeal due to not making
the Architectural Review Board (ARB) findings.

Council Member Schmid understood parking, the mezzanine, and a variance
were not subject to the appeal. However, the variance request was a
discretionary decision that provided him with the discretion to discuss design
compatibility.   Ramona Street had a unified feel, look, and design
characteristic. The Project did not fit that design characteristic.

Council Member Burt believed the Council's discussion should focus on
whether the Project met findings including compliance with the
Comprehensive Plan and Downtown Urban Design Guide.               The most
compelling case was made by Mr. Hayes' presentation on a number of the
compatible projects built in Downtown. They were examples of the type of
exceptional and compatible designs the community wanted in Downtown.
However, he could not find compatibility in the Project. The buildings cited
by the architect were three-story buildings and not glass-walled buildings.
He could not find compatibility between the Project and adjacent buildings.
The size, mass, and scale of the Project did not balance with the other
prominent buildings on corners. The materials and predominance of glass
were also inappropriate. He encouraged colleagues to consider the Council's
obligations to review architectural findings.

Vice Mayor Shepherd reviewed the Downtown Urban Design Guide and
understood they were not policies. Per the Guide, the building was flagged
as a specific building or area that should be taller to create outdoor space.
The Project was taller. The Guide called for a corner ground floor building to
maintain zero setback lines. The first floor of the Project was pulled away
                                                                         Page 39 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/9/13
