                               MINUTES

Mr. Keene did not wish to imply that potential OBAG funding was the default
approach in determining which projects were funded. The Council should
have a process for considering supplemental funding. With respect to the
linkage issue, the majority of funding was related to particular linkage
pieces. Stanford Hospital Staff provided ideas related to health issues, and
Staff would present those ideas at a later time.         A range of needs
assessments and identified deficiencies were available for Council
consideration. Staff did not have a specific timeline for presenting those
needs to the Council.

Council Member Schmid wanted to have a range of options focused on
community needs.

Council Member Klein inquired about the status of OBAG requests for
funding.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, reported the Adobe
Creek/Highway 101 Bicycle-Pedestrian Bridge project was recommended for
funding. The requested amount was $4 million.

Council Member Klein asked if the City had to provide matching funds.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the estimated cost of the Bridge was approximately
$9.5 million. The City secured $4 million from the Stanford-Palo Alto Trail
Program, committed to funding internally the design phase, and spent
approximately $500,000 for the feasibility and environmental assessment.
No fund source was identified for $1 million.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the project was fully funded.

Mr. Rodriguez replied yes.

Council Member Klein asked if any projects were rejected.

Mr. Rodriguez stated no City projects were rejected; however, the program
was oversubscribed. Some projects were rejected because they did not
meet program qualifications.

Council Member Klein asked if other City projects had a chance of receiving
funding.

Mr. Rodriguez noted the City's request for transit mall improvements did not
score well.
                                                                       Page 9 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/6/13
