                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid noted the approval vote for Hamilton Avenue was
exactly 70 percent. He asked Staff how they would draw the boundaries for
counting residences.

Mr. Aknin explained the 70 percent requirement came from traffic calming
guidelines and was used to inform the Staff recommendation. For an RPP
program, Staff would provide percentages for the P&TC and the Council to
make their own determinations. Because Staff utilized 51 percent for the
College Terrace permit program, they would utilize it again for other RPP
programs.

Council Member Schmid stated the definition of a block was very important,
especially along the periphery of the affected area. Palo Alto had city-wide
parking problems. He inquired whether Staff would utilize the same policies
for permit programs in other neighborhoods.

Mr. Aknin indicated the rules for an RPP program would be slightly different
from the rules for an overnight parking permit program. Staff needed to
develop policies for an RPP program.

Council Member Schmid was referring to the emergency Ordinance of no
overnight parking.

Mr. Aknin reported no other neighborhood had requested an overnight
parking ban. Most requests focused on RPP programs related to commercial
intrusion into residential neighborhoods.

Council Member Schmid asked if parking ratios for dense commercial
development or dense housing development were appropriate. East Palo
Alto apartments were looking more like Palo Alto apartments.

Mr. Aknin explained that parking ratios would be one of the critical points of
the Downtown Development Cap process.

Council Member Schmid inquired if the Downtown Development Cap Study
would be performed soon.

Mr. Aknin responded yes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether signage would be placed prior to
implementation and enforcement of parking restrictions.

Mr. Rodriguez explained the plan was to place signs on all the streets in the
program over the next two to three weeks.
                                                                         Page 11 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/12/13
