                       WORKING MINUTES
20 to 25 years: a shortage of affordable rental housing and an increase in
poverty. Job loss, lack of healthcare, mental illness, substance abuse and
domestic violence were other causes of homelessness. Homelessness was a
complex issue.

Mr. De Geus indicated the situation at Cubberley was acute. Approximately
40 unsheltered people resided at Cubberley. Cubberley did not have the
facilities, Staff or resources to support a homeless shelter. Staff was
concerned about the safety and security of patrons, tenants, Staff and
homeless individuals. Not all members of the homeless population at
Cubberley caused problems.        Violence and fights between homeless
individuals occurred; bathing and cooking occurred in the bathrooms;
syringe needles were left on campus; bags and belongings were stored
across the campus; and aggressive verbal and physical behavior was
exhibited toward nighttime custodial Staff. Staff wished to provide options
to positively impact homelessness for Council consideration.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag worked over the past year to find effective methods to
address homelessness. Staff held numerous meetings with key service
providers. Service providers' staff reached out to homeless individuals at
Cubberley regarding available services. Staff worked with the Downtown
Streets Team to perform an assessment of the individuals residing on the
Cubberley campus. The best shower programs for the homeless included
staffing and monitoring. Staff decided to close the Cubberley showers
effective August 31, 2013. The Police Department was present on the
campus nightly. Staff turned off Wi-Fi from the library and locked most of
the external electrical outlets.    The Policy and Services Committee
recommended development of a multi-agency homeless outreach program
with a cost not to exceed $250,000; requested Staff return for a discussion
of the utilization of the Community Health and Safety component of the
Stanford University Medical Center Development Agreement funds for health
services; and recommended an Ordinance to establish hours for public
access to community centers. A Homeless Services Task Force emerged
from meetings among service providers.

Pastor Paul Bains, Homeless Services Task Force, was ready to assist and
provide services as needed. He wished to work with City Staff in the next 30
to 60 days to develop a plan and to implement strategy. The plan would be
short term, mid-term and long term to effectively leverage funds.
Fellowship, meals, health services, job training and housing options were
needed. No single agency, public or private, could achieve all needs. He
asked that the Council work with the Task Force to develop a plan, and that
Council Members utilize their contacts to support a search for public funds.

                                                                          Page 13 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
