INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “Staff” to “City Manager.”

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Klein's comments.
She expressed concerns about Brown Act issues.

Council Member Burt opposed the second part of the Motion. Substantive
issues would not be presented to the Council for public discussion if they
were placed on the Consent Calendar.        Three Council Members could
essentially bury public discussion of important issues. He was undecided
with regard to Part 1 of the Motion.

Council Member Schmid opposed the Motion. More Council work was being
performed in small groups. Under the Brown Act, the lone Committee
dissenter could not discuss the issue with other Council Members.

Mayor Scharff requested clarification of the Brown Act with regard to Council
Member discussions.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated the current policies and protocols
anticipated that issue in a different way. They provided for explanation of a
dissenting vote on the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Klein clarified that a dissenter needed two additional votes
to remove an item from the Consent Calendar, and he would need to do that
prior to the Council meeting. He inquired whether a Council Member could
hold a discussion with five other Council Members under that scenario.

Ms. Stump stated that discussion should take place in public in the Council
meeting. There was a method for that under Council rules, even if the
change was adopted.       The rules contemplated that Council work and
Committee work was to be done in full view of the public. There was no
Brown Act issue with any of the proposed changes. Council Members'
execution of their responsibilities should be performed consistently with the
Brown Act.

Mayor Scharff supported the Motion. It would not be difficult to get three
Council Members to remove an item from the Consent Calendar. The second
proposed change would streamline meetings. Removing items from the
Consent Calendar also had an impact on Staff.

Council Member Holman reiterated that Council Members could hold a public
discussion to obtain the two additional votes needed to remove an item from
the Consent Calendar. It would be more efficient to have that discussion
outside of the Council meeting.
                                  26                    February 11, 2013
