                            MINUTES
MOTION TO CONTINUE: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to continue this item to Monday, June 17 th, during
that time the Palo Alto Housing Corporation and the neighborhood will meet
and negotiate to see if they can achieve a resolution, with the Mayor or his
designee facilitating the discussions. Designees by Barron Park Association,
Green Acres II Association, and the Maybell Action Group will be present;
Mayor may add one or two members of the neighborhood.

Council Member Klein had not experienced this level of opposition from the
community in any other discussion. If litigation was instigated, then the
community would be the ultimate loser. If the parties could reach a
compromise, then the Council had time to hold a second meeting in June
2013.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that in addition to Mayor or his designee
attending the meeting, appropriate City Staff may attend to provide
technical answers.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff not be a party to the negotiations, but
be present to answer technical questions.

Mr. Keene understood Staff was to be present at the negotiations solely in a
technical capacity.

Council Member Holman felt the community had been involved in unpleasant
and uninformed meetings, and wished to obtain information from the
applicant.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Council Member Holman's questions of the
applicant related to the Motion to Continue.

Council Member Holman replied yes. She asked if the applicant paid people
to attend the June 10, 2013 Council meeting to speak in support of the
project.

Ms. Gonzales did not pay anyone to attend the Council meeting. PAHC
rallied supporters, residents, staff and community members to attend the
meeting. PAHC staff volunteered to attend the meeting and did not receive
overtime pay for the afterhours meeting.

Council Member Holman asked if PAHC got members of the public located
outside City Hall to come into the meeting to support the project.

Ms. Gonzales answered absolutely not.

                                                                         Page 9 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
