                               MINUTES

Mr. Williams stated there could be changes to the construction of Building 1,
and that was the problem. Continuing work on Building 2 and housing would
preclude some options. If the Council wanted more options for the next
discussion, then it should not allow construction to proceed on more than
the grocery store. Staff felt this was an appropriate response given the
nature of what happened and the realistic options that were available.

Council Member Holman was concerned that possibilities for a higher level of
restoration or preservation of Building 2 as compensation to the community
were foreclosed by proceeding with the approved plans for Building 2. If the
Council decided the public should be compensated by additional public
benefits, proceeding with Building 2 or housing seemed to foreclose
additional public benefit options.

Mr. Williams indicated many public benefits could be achieved outside the
specifics of Building 2 and/or housing. Staff provided an option to omit
housing in order to provide more flexibility. A range of potential public
benefits could be considered outside the context of how Building 2 would be
redone. If the Council wished to apply extensive public benefits to either
housing or Building 2, then construction should not proceed on those
elements of the Project.

Council Member Holman noted the Applicant violated the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), the public benefits portion of the PC
Ordinance, the PC Ordinance, and approved plans in demolishing Building 1.
She inquired whether Staff had any experience with that level of violation.

Mr. Williams had not experienced that level of violation in his employment
with the City of Palo Alto. In other cities where he was employed, there
were substantial fines for associated violations.

Council Member Burt agreed with having an active, vital shopping center
operating at the site; yet, this was a severe violation of the terms of the
adopted PC agreement. Fines as stated in the Municipal Code were not
commensurate with the violation of the PC agreement. He asked if the
Applicant would conform with the terms of the PC agreement.

Mr. Williams reported the current PC could not be complied with given the
action that occurred.




03-04-2013                                                          112- 350
