                               MINUTES

Earl Caustin spoke on Agenda Item Numbers 3 and 4 and explained the DAS
project was the result of inadequate cell phone coverage. Palo Alto needed
a working cell phone system. He urged the Council to approve Phases 3 and
4 of the project.

Mary Fitch spoke on Agenda Item Number 3 and 4 and agreed with Mr.
Caustin's remarks. Cell phone coverage was important.

Lilian Marcus spoke on Agenda Item Number 3 and 4 and did not want the
installation placed at her property. She suggested moving the installation to
the parking lot at the rear of her property.

Stephanie Munoz spoke on Agenda Item Number 3 and 4 and felt the City
Council had an ambition to underground telephone lines; however, it worked
against that aim by giving AT&T an entitlement. Cell phones often did not
work even with adequate coverage.

Paul Albritton, AT&T Counsel respected the concerns of the citizens, while
hoping the Council would leave Agenda Item Numbers 3 and 4 on the
Consent Calendar. AT&T worked with the Architectural Review Board (ARB)
to meet design requirements. Moving one pole would require the movement
of other poles. The equipment was barely audible at 25 feet. AT&T agreed
to Condition 13 to reduce noise to the residential standard. Only a small
number of appeals of Phases 3 and 4 had been submitted.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Council could require retrofitting
of existing installed antennas should the Council establish higher standards
for noise and aesthetics at a future time.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment stated
requirements for retrofitting antennas depended on the nature of the
changes needed and whether the changes could easily be made. Once a
project was approved, it was difficult to go back and impose changes.

Council Member Burt asked if residential noise requirements were within the
scope of the discussion at an upcoming meeting on the use of consolidated
antennas.

Mr. Williams answered yes. Staff would present a range of measures
including facilities and any changes to regulations for facilities City-wide.
Within a few weeks Staff would engage a consultant to do that work, so the
meeting would be held in a few months.

                                                                        Page 3 of 17
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
