                              MINUTES

Council Member Holman asked if the HRC identified viable prospects for
additional HSRAP funding. Partnering with other HRCs in the County would
be helpful. She suggested the HRC should place events on the City Council
online calendar to reach a broader audience. One concern was a method to
raise issues with the Council.

Chair O’Nan was conducting research into methods used in other
communities to provide sustainable revenues for HSRAP. Potential revenue
streams were a portion of some taxes and Stanford University Medical
Center Development Agreement funds. The HRC hoped the City would
commit to programs and ensure funding into the future. She was intrigued
by the possibility of aligning the HRC with a Council Committee. The HRC
did not have a clearly defined process for communicating with the Council.

Commissioner Savage Council reported Commissioners were assigned
Council Members as buddies; however, busy schedules often prevented the
two from meeting.

Vice Chair Bacchetti added that the HRC was also interested in receiving
communication from the Council.

Commissioner Chen requested suggestions for communicating with the
County and other government agencies, and inquired whether
Commissioners could approach managers directly.

Council Member Kniss reiterated that meeting with Supervisor Simitian
would be the best avenue.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the Council scheduled a Study Session with
Supervisor Simitian for later in the year.

Commissioner Morin felt the learning curve for new Commissioners was
steep; therefore, she was very interested in communicating with
experienced Commissioners and Council Members.

Council Member Burt did not know whether the Council made a practice of
aligning Standing Committees with Boards or Commissions. The Finance
Committee worked with the HRC regarding HSRAP funding. The Policy and
Services Committee would have the most alignment with HRC policy issues.
By its Charter, the HRC had authority to initiate conversations with the
Council. He encouraged the HRC to develop processes for addressing the
Council regarding the HRC's recommendations and possible roles the HRC
could play in Council discussions. He was not aware of the learning series,
                                                                        Page 3 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/7/13
