                               MINUTES

Council Member Burt, as Chair of the Finance Committee, noted that Staff
recommended the Council fund the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation
Plan at $1.2 million using Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC) Funds.
The Finance Committee supported funding the Bicycle and Pedestrian
Transportation Plan, but recommended funding come from the Infrastructure
Reserve Fund. Should the Council wish to utilize SUMC Funds for the Bicycle
and Pedestrian Transportation Plan, then the Infrastructure Reserve Fund
could be reimbursed from the SUMC Fund.              The Finance Committee
requested additional performance measures from the Development Center to
better capture the activities of the Development Center. With a surplus in
the Budget, the Finance Committee recommended increasing funding for
HSRAP. Vice Mayor Shepherd advocated for the restoration of a second
School Resource Officer (SRO). The recommendation was to restore an SRO
contingent upon Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) paying 50 percent
of the costs. The Finance Committee recommended paying the CalPERS rate
adjustment in one year. With additional CalPERS rate increases in the near
future, the City would be in a stronger fiscal position. This was the second
consecutive year without an increase in gas and electric rates, and Staff
projected no increase for the following year. This was the fourth year for an
increase in the street paving budget. The change in street condition was
noticeable. The improved financial picture was the result of an improving
economy, structural expense reforms, and labor group concessions.

Mr. Keene agreed the structural changes provided some financial relief. He
did not propose adding Staff to handle policy issues in order to hold the
number of General Fund positions constant.

Council Member Burt added that total staffing did not increase even with the
unfreezing of seven Police Officer positions.

Public Hearing opened at 9:33 P.M.

Lisa Hendrickson, Avenidas, thanked the Finance Committee for
recommending additional funding for HSRAP. She was dismayed to learn of
the Human Resources Commission (HRC) recommendation for funding the
agencies. Avenidas requested treatment equal to the other HSRAP agencies.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Political Reform Act required
Council Members to refrain from participating in any decision which could
have a foreseeable impact on a source of income to the Council Member.
State law allowed conflicts to be segmented and handled separately.
Traditionally, Palo Alto separated Stanford University related items in
response to conflict of interest issues.
                                                                          Page 22 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
