                 WORKING MINUTES
San Mateo Counties were negotiating a funding gap, which had to be closed
before full construction could begin.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted CEQA protections would be needed for
modernization of Caltrain and/or High Speed Rail. Proposed CEQA litigation
could alter the protections.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Debra Katz and Utilities Department presented           a    Public       Service
Announcement regarding calling before digging.

William Rosenberg thanked the Council for the Plastic Bag Ordinance. Points
of sale lacked visible evidence of the Ordinance. He was concerned that the
Ordinance could be regularly ignored without better publicity.

Wynn Grcich reported plastic bags were necessary to isolate meats from
other food products and reusable bags. Fluoride was poison and should not
be added to water. Fluoride caused cancer, kidney failure, and bone spurs.

Brianna Ferriera reported GreenWaste charged nonprofit organizations as
commercial entities. She inquired whether nonprofit organizations could
have another designation on utility bills to lower the amount charged by
GreenWaste.

Robert Moss stated the traffic on Maybell Avenue was far worse than
reported by the No on Measure D campaign. Cut-through traffic created
congestion in other areas. The density of development should not be
increased.

Liz Gardner supported Measure D. The demand for housing exceeded the
supply of housing. Everyone should have the opportunity to live and thrive
in a progressive Palo Alto.

Joe Hirsch suggested both sides of the Measure D issue meet to devise an
improved plan for the Maybell Avenue site. The plan should be consistent
with the character of single-family neighborhoods and should meet concerns
regarding parking and traffic. He urged the community to vote against
Measure D.

Stephanie Munoz felt the Council found overwhelming support for senior
housing. Selling any part of the Maybell Avenue property would be a
mistake, because there were no other undeveloped locations suitable for
low-income housing.
                                                                           Page 7 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                        Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
