                                MINUTES
Council Member Holman stated not enforcing the Code was a missed
opportunity to resolve the issue.

Ms. Stump explained that many Code and permit requirements applied to
construction projects. If there were complaints about a site, Staff would first
review Code and permit requirements. The Code Enforcement Unit became
involved and spoke with the contractor, which usually resolved the issue. If
a resolution could not be reached, then Staff moved to a formal enforcement
action. If Staff identified other gaps in the Code, then they would present
that information to the Council.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the stalled construction Ordinance
would relate to Code enforcement.

Ms. Stump responded yes. An Ordinance was enforceable, and a violation
generally resulted in a misdemeanor charge.

Council Member Schmid understood the need to act on community blight.
He questioned whether deadlines and fines would create the right incentives
to solve the problem. The City had construction projects that were behind
schedule and subject to such fines. The Policy and Services Committee
should consider the consequences of any incentives.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the City had few abilities to force completion
of construction. Stalled construction projects disturbed the quality of life for
neighbors around the stalled projects. She inquired about possible timing of
a proposed Ordinance being presented to the Council.

Mr. Pirnejad reported Staff would present to the Council a proposed
Ordinance to amend the Building Code in October for a first reading. A
proposed Ordinance was a high priority for Staff.

Vice Mayor Shepherd reiterated that a proposed Ordinance would not be
adopted during the current Code cycle.

Council Member Klein noted a proposed Ordinance would not apply to
existing construction projects, and inquired about a means to require
existing projects to move forward.

Ms. Stump explained that a new Ordinance would apply when a new permit
was issued. Stalled construction projects would need to renew building
permits before continuing construction. At that point, the new requirements
would apply to existing projects.

                                                                           Page 6 of 13
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/23/13
