                               MINUTES
housing.  He urged the Council to be sensitive to the needs of the
neighborhood.

Ree Dufresne now understood the need for 60 units of affordable housing.
The Council should think carefully about the precedent set by this public-
private partnership. The community was not sure that the project was the
best alternative for the site.

Michael Lowy believed approval of the project as presented would encourage
other developers to request and expect changes in zoning. The Council
should form a task force to compile and review suggestions for the project.
The neighborhood offered a compromise of four single-family homes located
on Maybell Avenue, four single-family homes located on Clemo Avenue and
60 units of affordable housing.

Art Liberman noted the City provided no guidance to PAHC in developing the
proposed public-private partnership to construct affordable housing. PAHC
should not have sold the property to one large-scale developer. The process
should have been transparent. Financing the project could be achieved with
construction of fewer single family homes.

Elaine Heal agreed with forming a task force to continue review of the
project. Market rate housing was necessary to help fund the project. The
market rate housing should be more compatible with the neighborhood.
PAHC did not consider multiple alternatives with respect to the market rate
housing. She requested the Council delay voting until PAHC or a task force
could explore alternatives for market rate housing.

Jennifer Fryhling stated the neighbors wanted affordable housing under the
existing zoning.    Neighbors proposed a compromise; PAHC offered no
compromise. She was disappointed that PAHC consulted only large-scale
developers and did not provide a comprehensive traffic analysis. She urged
the council to vote against rezoning the property.

Candace Gonzalez, Executive Director of Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
listened to the community and designed the site while considering neighbors'
concerns. PAHC's goal was to create a viable project that could sustain itself
for at least 55 years.

Joseph Martignetti, Jr., Board Member of Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
reiterated concepts of financing, the City's contribution and existing zoning.
Neighbors were primarily concerned with the character of lots and future
homes along Maybell and Clemo Avenues. PAHC agreed to reduce the
number of lots along Maybell Avenue and Clemo Avenue, to construct only
                                                                            Page 7 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes June 17, 2013
