                               MINUTES
Ms. Shen did not have that statistic. Staff recruited primarily from other
cities or public agencies. She estimated 10 percent of employees were hired
from the private sector.

Mr. Keene indicated the City was not deluged with applications from the
private sector, particularly in the Management and Professional group.
Experience working in the public sector was added value for an employee.
Being competitive with other cities helped to prevent employees from
moving to other cities.

Council Member Schmid noted discussion regarding the difference between
salaries and total compensation. He inquired whether salary ranges and the
$300,000 amount would be utilized for salaries.

Ms. Shen responded yes.

Council Member Schmid asked if the data in the last few pages of the study
concerned salaries.

Ms. Shen indicated the study methodology was based on total
compensation. The cost study reviewed the difference between Palo Alto
total compensation and the benchmark cities' total compensation, and
applied the differential percentage to the Palo Alto salary.

Council Member Schmid suggested the report include a few samples. Palo
Alto paid 10 percent more for benefits. He was surprised to learn that Palo
Alto was different from the comparable cities.

Ms. Shen reported Palo Alto was different with respect to retiree medical
benefits, in that it covered spouse and dependents. That difference was a
recruiting advantage.

Mr. Keene stated Staff attempted to reduce those costs; however, CalPERS
rules placed constraints on those reductions.

Council Member Schmid believed CalPERS regulations prevented the City
from becoming more like other cities.

Mr. Keene agreed that was partly true. Staff was working to shift healthcare
costs.

Council Member Schmid noted benefit costs were increasing twice as fast as
salary costs, and inquired about a plan to address that issue.

                                                                      Page 23 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/6/13
