                               MINUTES
Ms. Silver indicated that was not the analysis. The Council had some
discretion on the issue.     Staff recommended that certification was an
appropriate dividing line. If the Council wished to change that benchmark,
Staff would evaluate it. It was not entirely clear where the benchmark
should be as a legal matter. It was more of a policy matter.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff considered the impact of eliminating
the parking exemption for bonus square footage and TDRs related to
Planned Community (PC) projects. She inquired whether the Council's
granting of additional square footage as part of a PC destroyed the value of
TDRs and bonus square footage.

Ms. Stump understood Council Member Holman's question to relate to the
TDR program and bonus square footage. That consideration was not within
the work performed for the item. The item responded to Council direction to
proceed with parking issues in the near term.

Council Member Holman simply wanted to voice her concern and consider
possible unintended consequences.

Council Member Berman inquired about the timeline for someone paying in-
lieu fees.

Mr. Aknin stated the applicant paid in-lieu fees at the time it obtained a
building permit.

Council Member Schmid noted that Tables 3 and 4 provided the TDR
bonuses used. The 532 amount of parking exemptions seemed to be the
number of TDRs used in Downtown.

Mr. Aknin agreed.

Council Member Schmid asked if 147 TDRs were originated but had not yet
been used.

Mr. Aknin answered yes.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether 274 TDRs would be originated
under the new terms without the parking exemptions.

Mr. Aknin explained that eligible properties were on either a seismic list or a
historic property list, but the improvements had not been made. Those
properties would not be able to claim the parking exemption, only the FAR
exemption.
                                                                         Page 20 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/21/13
