                               MINUTES
two-story homes along Maybell Avenue and to maintain automobile access
via the rear of the project. Constructing the project under existing zoning
would have more impacts than changing the zoning.

Jean McCown, Board Member of Palo Alto Housing Corporation, stated PAHC
supported a number of changes to address the neighbors' concerns.
Neighbors would not compromise on the number of lots. She requested the
Council approve the project as amended.

Soroor Elonesajjad asked the Council to postpone its decision, because all
funding possibilities had not been fully investigated.

John Barton encouraged the Council to accept the compromise solution and
to vote on the project at the current time.

Ella Herbert requested the Council approve the senior housing project.

Doris Dahlgren stated the community needed more affordable housing.

Elisa Randolph, speaking on behalf of a group, requested the neighbors
embrace diversity through the affordable housing project.

Alla Viksne shared her family's experience living in PAHC apartments.

Newton Bose suggested parking changes would resolve traffic issues during
school hours.

Don Anderson, as a neighbor and member of the neighborhood, supported
the modified project and urged the Council to approve it.

Mary Ann Welton supported the project, because the site had adjacent
density, nearby transit, adjacent park and emergency services.

Ruth Lowy felt the neighborhood compromised by accepting the 60 units of
affordable housing. PAHC should have begun outreach much earlier. The
number of single family homes should be reduced.

John Speagle felt PAHC properties allowed seniors to live in dignity and to
live close to their extended families.

Robert Moss requested the Council not act on the project, because the
Council did not have all the facts.


                                                                            Page 8 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes June 17, 2013
