downtown-- not 160 foot towers-- and an expanded and upgraded transit
center. On March 18th, staff will present a process for developing a vision for
the area over the coming year, involving the downtown and citywide
community and the Planning and Transportation Commission.

California Avenue
California Avenue will also see very exciting changes in the near future.
Council has approved the preliminary design for the streetscape project,
which includes wider sidewalks to allow restaurants to provide outdoor
seating and increased street life, increased landscaping, and a new lane
configuration for improved vitality and walkability on California Avenue. The
final design concepts will be presented to the community in the spring and
construction should begin in the fall. California Avenue will rival Castro
Street when it is completed.

Percent for Art
Great communities have great art. Public art creates a sense of place and
personality while fostering the kind of innovative thought that Palo Alto is
known for. Former Mayor Gary Fazzino once referred to Palo Alto as the
Florence of its time. The City of Palo Alto approved a Percent for Art policy in
September 2005 that earmarks 1% of the construction costs for municipal
projects for public art. This policy funded the Jeff Petersen mural at the
Children’s Library, the Ceevah Sobel piece at the pump station on East
Bayshore Road and the Bruce Beasley piece scheduled for installation at the
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center as well as many other pieces.

Cities across the country are including a percent for art policy for private
developments and having positive results. On-site public art enhances the
quality of a space and infuses it with character while becoming a notable
landmark. As Palo Alto continues to develop, the availability of space for
public art becomes more limited. With landmark public art, we build our
City’s identity and engage the public, which is the power of public art. It is
important that new development in Palo Alto positively impact the look and
feel of our city.

In addition, under the current policy, there is no provision for the
maintenance of the artworks commissioned under the Percent for Art. A
major issue in public art is funding maintenance and conservation as well as
administration of the public art collection. Other cities have increased their
percentage for art in municipal projects to 1.5% or even 2% in order to set
aside funds dedicated for the routine maintenance of the artwork.

Palo Alto has fallen behind other cities in fostering public art and providing a
dedicated funding source for maintenance of our public art collection. It’s


                                       5
