                               MINUTES

Mayor Scharff believed 2013 would be a great year. He recognized family
members and friends present. The community was fortunate to have each
of the Council Members as representatives. He thanked Former Mayor Yeh
for his partnership in the past year, and Former Council Member Espinosa for
his friendship. Much hard work was ahead, and he looked forward to
opening the Mitchell Park Library, renovation of the Main Library,
implementation of the Bicycle and Pedestrian Master Plan, completion of the
Stanford Perimeter Trail, reopening El Camino Park, achieving carbon
neutrality for the Electric Utility, reconfiguration of the Golf Course,
progressing with flood issues of San Francisquito Creek, and reconfiguration
of California Avenue.        Other critically important issues were fiscal
sustainability, Downtown needs, infrastructure needs, Cubberley decisions, a
waste energy plan, and fiber to the premises and undergrounding of utilities.
He needed support from his colleagues to make these goals occur. He
expected 2013 to be an exciting year, filled with opportunities and
challenges.

3.   Resolution 9311 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation for Outstanding Public Service to Yiaway
     Yeh as Council Member and Mayor”.

Council Member Price read the Resolution into the record.

Council Member Holman stated Former Mayor Yeh served with dignity,
grace, enthusiasm, and integrity. She hoped he would return to the dais at
some time in the future.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the prior Council Members served together for
three years, and in that time forged a strong bond. She thanked Former
Mayor Yeh for his ability to work with Staff in order to follow the Palo Alto
process.

Council Member Burt felt Former Mayor Yeh had a deep commitment to the
community, and embodied the belief that public service was the highest
calling. He appreciated his personal relationship with Former Mayor Yeh.

Council Member Price indicated Former Mayor Yeh was calm, focused, and
thoughtful about commitments and issues.

Council Member Klein thanked Former Mayor Yeh for his outstanding service
on the Northern California Power Agency Board.


                                                                         Page 4 of 6
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 1/7/13
