                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked which items would be submitted to the Policy
and Services Committee for review.

Mayor Scharff reported all points would be reviewed by the Policy and
Services Committee. The Council would determine the policy to require
wiring in new single-family homes.

Council Member Burt was unclear regarding that distinction.

Mayor Scharff explained that the Council would determine the policy for
requiring prewiring in new single-family homes with the Policy and Services
Committee determining the means for requiring prewiring.

Council Member Burt reiterated that the Policy and Services Committee
would refine the requirements for prewiring rather than explore the concept.
Since the City began its EV charging program, the use of EVs increased
dramatically. The City did not have policies in place regarding EVs and
charging stations.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to:        1) direct Staff to return to the Policy and Services
Committee and subsequently to Council with alternatives on a pilot
residential curbside EV charging program; and 2) direct Staff to return to the
Policy and Services Committee and subsequently Council with a draft
program to bring about greater implementation of EV charging stations at
commercial facilities, potentially including Utilities Department or City
incentives.

Council Member Burt indicated the City had no tools to cause property
owners or business owners to install charging stations. He was unsure of
the best form for requiring retrofitting for charging stations. One challenge
was structuring an Ordinance to respond to increasing demand over time.

Council Member Kniss asked if the City had a schedule for the permit fees.

Mr. Pirnejad stated the residential EV charging station permit included plan
check and inspection for $249.         Permit fees for commercial locations
depended on the type. Types 1 and 2 cost $459 plus $92 per charging
station. Types 3 and 4 cost $649 plus $140 per charging station. The
Council could direct Staff to review the basis for the permit fees.

Council Member Kniss suggested Staff review the basis for permit fees. The
amount the Unitarian Church paid seemed high.

                                                                        Page 10 of 13
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/23/13
