Herb Borock understood the voluntary Program achieved its objectives in
terms of renewable energy. It made more sense to include a fee on all bills,
because the Program served everyone.

7.   Preliminary Review of a Planned Community Zoning Proposed on the
     Former VTA Lot at El Camino Real and Page Mill Road (2755 El Camino
     Real).

The City Council conducted a preliminary review or “prescreening” of a
proposed Planned Community application for a new commercial development
at 2755 El Camino Real. The proposed, four story, 33,500 square feet
commercial building would be constructed on this 19,563 square foot site,
resulting in a 1.71 Floor Area Ratio (FAR). As proposed, the project features
underground parking and vehicular access via a right turn in and out onto El
Camino Real. The “public benefits” proposed by the Applicant include
widening of Page Mill Road, upgrading the abandoned pedestrian tunnel
under El Camino Real between Chipotle and the soccer field, installing new
lighting or other pedestrian improvements on California Avenue, and urban
design features. The City Council gave initial project feedback on
components such as massing and architecture, public benefits, pedestrian
and automobile improvements, parking and several other components of the
project. It is expected that the Developer will move forward with the project
shortly. The project will be subject to full environmental review, as well as
review by the Architectural Review Board (ARB), Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), and the City Council.

Herb Borock indicated the Agenda Item did not comply with the Palo Alto
Zoning Code requiring notice and public participation. He did not have
sufficient time to prepare for discussion of the Project. He suggested Council
decide which bodies should have meetings on the Project, and Staff should
follow the proper noticing requirements.

Robert Moss stated the Project was inconsistent with the El Camino Real
Design Guidelines. The building was excessively tall, bulky, and lacked
setbacks. This Project did not fit the environment or the lot. Public benefits
were trivial; private benefits were huge. A three-level underground garage
would penetrate far into the toxic zone. The garage would poison the
residents of the building and divert water flow from the toxic aquifer to
adjacent properties.




                                   5                     February 11, 2013
