                               MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez proposed two concepts of pilot Caltrain Go Pass programs.
The first program would focus on City employees. Only those employees
who could utilize Go Passes would be required to have them.

Council Member Burt inquired about Caltrain's willingness to participate in
such a program.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Caltrain was willing to discuss the proposal. The
second proposal was to develop a Caltrain Go Pass program for companies
too small to participate in the larger Go Pass program. Those companies
would participate in the proposed program for a maximum of two years in
order to realize the benefits of participation. At the end of two years, the
companies would rotate out of the program, and other companies would
rotate into the program.

Council Member Burt noted the City of Menlo Park was willing to collaborate
with the City in these new programs. He wished to discuss broader policy
and program alternatives, such as variable pricing, for existing parking
structures, and inquired whether that could be discussed with the full
Council.

Ms. Stump indicated Staff's proposals for parking structures concerned areas
of the Downtown that did not raise conflict issues; therefore, Council
Member Burt could direct his comments to those areas with the full Council
present.

Council Member Burt explained some parking spaces were valued more
highly because of their proximity to desired locations, and inquired whether
Staff had evaluated a variable pricing system as a means to increasing
utilization of parking structures.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff was considering options, including variable
pricing of permits, for implementation at all existing parking facilities to
increase usage.

Council Member Burt asked if those options would include metered parking
at prime spaces.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes.

Council Member Burt felt the public was willing to pay for meters at prime
parking spaces.


                                                                      Page 11 of 32
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/18/13
