                               MINUTES
pension, resulting in a competitive disadvantage. Equal sharing of normal
costs was different from sharing the cost equally; the total costs for
Miscellaneous Employees were 32.6 percent. PEPRA did not require new
employees to pay half of that percentage. The employee contribution was
capped under PEPRA at 8 percent for Miscellaneous Employees and 11
percent for Public Safety Employees. PEPRA prohibited air time; however,
employees could purchase service credit if they converted from hourly to a
regular employee or if they had military leave. PEPRA prohibited a pension
holiday and provided restrictions on retirees returning to work. Under
PEPRA, the City could bargain cost sharing after 2018. Felons were not
allowed to receive pensions. The ten-year trend in pensions was $2.4
million in costs from 2003 to $23.37 million in 2012. The combined pension
cost was 32.6 percent for Miscellaneous Employees, and 42.4% for Public
Safety Employees.      The City covered 2,940 active employees, former
employees and retirees under pensions. Leaving CalPERS would cost the
City between $600 million and $1 billion, as estimated by CalPERS. The
pressure was on the size of the work force, the right numbers of employees,
other benefits and salaries, and prioritizing services. The next steps for
PEPRA were closing loopholes, defining compensation, eliminating windfalls,
and applying regulations. Most changes would require further legislation.
Staff would seek clarification of how the rules would impact Palo Alto. The
Council could direct Staff to work with other cities and neighboring agencies
regarding new legislation.

Mr. Keene noted PEPRA made benefits and pension tiers for new employees
the same for all jurisdictions. Negatively, most changes were prospective
relating to new employees. The cost savings would unfold slowly over time.
The problem arose when recruiting new talent, in that PEPRA precluded the
City from offering alternative benefit packages.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff had an estimate of the cost to
the City of the CalPERS Board's definition of special compensation.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer explained Staff had learned of this
proposed provision in the last few days, and they were reviewing the list of
special compensation. The one benefit was a cap or limit. The special
compensation provision did not apply to transfer employees.

Council Member Klein questioned whether the provision would cost the City
$1 million or more annually.

Mr. Perez did not know. Staff would note all questions and provide the
Council with additional information.

                                                                       Page 12 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
