                               MINUTES
COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Scharff recognized that City Manager Keene reached his five-year
anniversary with the City. The Mayor reported that he attended the NCPA
annual conference in Squaw Valley.

Vice Mayor Shepherd attended Airport Day at Palo Alto Airport over the
weekend and very much enjoyed the event.

Council Member Burt spoke about the monthly San Francisquito Creek Joint
Powers Authority meeting which focused on the construction plan for
downstream of Highway 101. The Caltrain Policy Maker Advisory Group met
regarding level boarding which was important because between level
boarding and electrification it becomes a more efficient system.      The
Peninsula Cities Consortium discussed that the Caltrain Policy Maker
Advisory Group was not being well attended and should serve in a better
advisory role. They were drafting letters for agencies to send to Caltrain
sharing their concerns and recommendations.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Palo Alto Free Press filed a third-party complaint with the Independent Police
Auditor, which was concluded after five months.                There was no
accountability for the Independent Police Auditor. He requested the Council
determine why the investigation required five months.

Victor Ojakian supported Measure D. Voting yes for Measure D guaranteed
an affordable housing project in Palo Alto. Affordable housing was needed.
He envisioned Palo Alto as a diversified community.

Joe Hirsch clarified misconceptions regarding community opposition to the
rezoning of the Mayfield Orchard. Community members did not oppose
development of senior housing under the current RM-15 Zone. High density
projects resulted in increased traffic congestion, lack of adequate parking
and cut-through traffic.

Stephanie Munoz felt the Council should follow the vision for development in
the City. Apartments in the senior housing development should contain 375-
400 square feet per unit, with the downstairs area utilized for community
services.

Robert Moss did not agree with the traffic impacts reported for the affordable
housing development at Maybell. Under existing zoning, the worst case for
traffic impact would be 370 trips per day. A reasonable actual traffic
                                                                           Page 2 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 9/30/13
