                               MINUTES
significant impact with the recognition of impacts that a specific project
would have to mitigate later.

Vice Mayor Shepherd supported having a discussion regarding grade
separations. She suggested Council Member Kniss submit her issue for
inclusion on the RC Agenda.

Council Member Burt stated the elimination of elevated tracks left at-grade
or below-grade tracks. At-grade tracks under a four track system would
take roughly 100 homes for grade separations. Only below-grade tracks did
not have negative impacts on the community; however, the cost was
tremendous. Certain grade separations would be negatively impacted at six
trains per hour, but the impact would be less than originally anticipated.
The RC would continue to review grade separations as more information
became available. It would be a contentious community discussion.

Council Member Klein read Item 15 of the RC Guiding Principles. Grade
separation was a contentious issue, and the public would participate in the
discussion. The cost of undergrounding was unknown.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

8.   Review and Approval of the Palo Alto City Council Rail Committee
     Guiding Principles.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment
reported the Guiding Principles were used to guide decisions and
recommendations of the Palo Alto City Council Rail Committee (CCRC). The
document contained two sections:      Background and Guiding Principles.
Because the CCRC continued to review High Speed Rail (HSR) and Caltrain
modernization, the CCRC requested the Background section be updated to
be succinct and relevant to the status of both projects. Many Guiding
Principles remained the same; however, four changed significantly. Guiding
Principle Number 3 was updated to clarify that during the environmental
review stage, equal attention would be given to all Palo Alto neighborhoods;
however, the adopted mitigation measures should be proportionate to the
impacts identified in the studies. Guiding Principle Number 12 stated the
City supported Caltrain modernization; however, the City's position on
electrification could not be determined until environmental impacts were
studied, identified and mitigation measures proposed. Guiding Principle
Number 16 was modified regarding the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) and the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) review processes.
Guiding Principle Number 17 was added, stating that the overall
environmental review process should be separated into two reports; the first
                                                                       Page 7 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                           Minutes:
