                                    MINUTES
Council Member Berman wanted to know how the Council could require the
project to provide the 16 parking spaces for guest parking.

Ms. Silver reported the Council could not require those parking spaces.

Council Member Berman felt the lack of guest parking was a negative
impact.    He was frustrated by State law superseding City parking
Ordinances. He requested future projects provide different perspectives of
buildings in order to illustrate the height of the building. Denial of the
extension to the building height would be politically expedient; however, the
building would be wider or closer to the street if the Council denied the
extension. He inquired about the height of the We Fix Macs building.

Ms. Young believed the height was approximately 35 feet.

Council Member Berman stated the proposed building was an improvement
over the existing buildings. He asked about proposed treatment of the
existing sidewalk trees.

Ms. Young reported the City Arborist requested the applicant increase the
trees' exposure to the sky. The landscape architect proposed planting a
hardy groundcover around the trees.

Council Member Berman        agreed   with   planting   a   groundcover       that
pedestrians could walk on.

Vice Mayor Shepherd recalled that the building     height would remain at 55
feet, and the building would be constructed to     the sidewalk if the Council
denied the request for extending the height.        She inquired whether the
Council had discretion to disallow the applicant   from adding 15 feet to the
building height for roof screens.

Ms. Gitelman understood the project was entitled to 15 feet for roof screens.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the 15 feet was in addition to the building
height of 50 feet.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes. The applicant proposed 5 feet rather than 15
feet and requested building square footage be allowed in that additional 5
feet.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the project was designed in response to
community concerns. The BMR units would revert to market units at the
end of 30 years. She inquired whether the Council could secure the BMR
units in perpetuity through a PC Zone or other means.

                                                                        Page 23 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  November 18, 2013
