                               MINUTES

Mr. Aknin suggested stakeholders participate in the Downtown Development
CAP process and contact him to schedule meetings.

Council Member Price requested Mr. Aknin provide his phone number and
email address.

Mr. Aknin stated his email address was aaron.aknin@cityofpaloalto.org and
his direct line was 650-329-2679.

Council Member Burt did not believe the proposed            Ordinance would
encourage people to utilize modes of travel other than      driving. Projects
other than the 500 University Avenue project involved       small amounts of
change. He inquired whether Staff assumed applicants        would pay in-lieu
parking fees rather than make design changes.

Mr. Aknin answered yes. He did not have exact numbers about how the 200
square foot FAR would affect projects. As the City Manager and the City
Attorney mentioned, the Council could proceed with the FAR bonus separate
from the parking exception.

Council Member Burt requested Staff explain how the Staff recommendation
with respect to the 200 square foot exemption would change parking issues.

Mr. Aknin explained that Staff wished to review parking exemptions to
determine which ones were no longer necessary to incent development. The
200-square-foot exemption in particular was originally directed at minor
building expansions.

Council Member Burt inquired about the net impact for pipeline projects if
the Council did not include the 200-square-feet exemption.

Mr. Keene suggested there would be no real impact as long as the parking
in-lieu fee payment was retained. The applicant kept the square footage but
paid the in-lieu parking fee.

Council Member Burt recalled that Ken Hayes implied that the impacts of
these changes would be much more significant than Staff indicated. He
asked Mr. Hayes to clarify the impacts to projects given Staff's clarifications
and retention of the 200-square-foot exemption for pipeline projects.

Mr. Hayes indicated his clients were concerned that projects in the
application process were in jeopardy to a certain extent. The issues were

                                                                         Page 18 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/21/13
