AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Kniss, Price, Scharff, Shepherd no

AMENDMENT TO MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to delete project number 3.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 9-0

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

Mayor Scharff stated the Birch Street Project was creative, and thanked Mr.
Rodriguez for his efforts.

18.   Management of City Council Meetings and Recommendations for
      Revisions to the City Council's Protocols and Procedures.

James Keene, City Manager stated the recommendations spoke for
themselves. The Council discussed some changes and referred the issue of
liaisons to the Policy and Services Committee.

Herb Borock indicated the initiative for changing procedures came from the
City Manager. The Council should recommend changes to its policies and
procedures. He did not recommend changing the current procedures, and
felt the Council Committees' recommendations should appear as Action
Items.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to: 1) revise the City Council Procedures and Protocols to increase the
number of Council Members required to remove an item from the Consent
Calendar from two to three, and 2) revise the City Council Procedures and
Protocols to provide that all items recommended for approval by a Council
Committee be placed on the Consent Calendar, unless otherwise
recommended by the Committee, Mayor or Staff.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed these changes allowed the Council to find one
additional votes to remove an item from the Consent Calendar. There was
no reason not to place items with a majority vote in Committee on the
Consent Calendar.

Council Member Kniss stated changes could be undone, and these changes
were worth making. She strongly recommended the Council adopt the
second part of the Motion.

Council Member Klein did not feel these changes would increase the
efficiency of Council meetings, and did not support the Motion.


                                 25                    February 11, 2013
