                             MINUTES
to pay for the building. Staff considered relocating the Development Center
or other City functions to the building, thereby saving lease costs for other
facilities. USPS indicated it needed to remain in Downtown Palo Alto with
approximately 3,500 square feet of space; therefore, Staff considered the
possibility of leasing space in the building to USPS. Purchase of the building
would require an initial outlay of cash reserves from the City.           Staff
anticipated some funding mechanism, such as Certificates of Participation
(COPs), to repay the cash outlay over time. Financial analyses indicated
COPs and savings of lease costs would be profitable for the City over 10-20
years depending on the purchase price.           USPS solicited interest from
agencies or non-profit entities to enforce the historic covenant, and needed
those details before the California Historic Preservation Office would approve
the sale. Staff suggested the Council authorize Staff to notify USPS that the
City was willing to take on that responsibility. The sale listing for the
building could occur in June at the earliest, at which time Staff would return
to the Council for authorization of a potential offer for the building. If the
City was selected as a preferred bidder, then Staff would return to the
Council for discussion with details for the purchase. Staff's recommendation
was for the Council 1) to authorize Staff to notify USPS that the City was
willing to undertake the responsibility for enforcing the historic covenant;
and 2) to direct Staff to return to the Council with specific details for a
potential purchase offer.

Beth Bunnenberg urged the Council to place a purchase bid for the Hamilton
Avenue building, because it was an architectural gem in the heart of
Downtown and a good business deal.

Douglas Graham also urged the Council to bid on the building. He was
delighted the City had the opportunity to use the building and to save
money.

Robert Moss agreed with Staff's recommendation as the building was iconic.
Staff underestimated the savings from relocating City services to the
Hamilton Avenue building. Retaining public use of the building was also
important.

Faith Bell encouraged the City to purchase the building.

Stephanie Munoz felt few people were present, because they expected the
City to place a bid for the building. The community loved the Post Office
Building.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to: 1) authorize Staff to submit and negotiate an offer to purchase the U.S.
                                                                             Page 7 of 20
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 5/20/13
