                       WORKING MINUTES
1, 2013, and for food service establishments on November 1, 2013. In
making these changes, there would be a reduction of plastic litter and a
reduction of environmental impacts from paper bags.

Council Member Burt believed the Council's discussion after hearing public
comments was better informed and resulted in an effective outcome. He
inquired whether Council discussion was restricted.

Mayor Scharff answered no.     Council discussion would occur prior to and
after public comment.

Council Member Schmid inquired about Staff's recommendation not to use
biodegradable bags.

Ms. Weiss explained that compostable plastics did not breakdown in creek
conditions.    They were compostable only in hot, controlled municipal
compost facilities. Use of compostable bags would not affect the problem.

Council Member Schmid recalled a letter regarding use of paper bags. In
response to the $0.25 charge for paper bags, households would purchase
plastic bags to contain food and pet wastes, which would result in an
increased number of plastic bags in landfills. That was not a green solution.

Ms. Weiss explained the idea that bags would decompose in a landfill was
not accurate; essentially nothing biodegraded in a landfill due to the sealed
environment. Alternatives to trash can liners and pet waste were produce
and bread bags. If residents needed to purchase plastic bags, then the
Ordinance would prevent the bags from being released into the
environment.

Council Member Schmid asked where biodegradable bags went after they
were collected curbside in San Francisco.

Ms. Weiss stated the bags were taken to the composting facility.

Council Member Schmid reported San Francisco was working on a system of
Solano County farmers using biodegradable bags as part of soil. The City's
proposed program would lead to plastic bags in landfill.

Ms. Weiss was unsure whether San Francisco residents disposed of
biodegradable bags as garbage, and would follow-up regarding San
Francisco's process.

Council Member Schmid believed the bags were placed in food waste carts.
                                                                         Page 4 of 16
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 3/11/13
