                             MINUTES
Assessment Districts to build garages. During the last Assessment District
vote, several key developers and land owners championed use of an
Assessment District.

Council Member Klein asked how Proposition 218 affected Assessment
Districts.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated court decisions interpreting
Proposition 218 implemented a stricter requirement to establish the
special benefit and proportionality that Proposition 218 contemplated.
Those decisions made it more difficult to survive a legal challenge to
creation of a District. Fewer jurisdictions were considering Assessment
Districts for that reason.

Council Member Berman remarked that informing and educating the public
about the proposed topics would be important. He reviewed initial poll
results with respect to the importance of 911 emergency communications
and the need for vital City facilities to be earthquake safe. Once residents
realized the importance of public safety facilities, they would be more
supportive. With respect to a Business License Tax, he was intrigued by
Council Member Burt's comments the prior week. However, tying a
Business License Tax to infrastructure issues was not necessarily the
correct venue for getting it passed. The concept of tying a Business
License Tax to TDM Programs was worth pursuing. Parking issues would
need a multi-faceted approach, and polling on parking garages would not
end of the discussion.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1 Schmid no, Holman, Price absent

5.    Policy Direction on the Development of a Digital Message Center on
      a City-owned Parcel Along U.S. 101.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated Staff was responding to the
Infrastructure Committee's request to present the topic to the full Council
for direction.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager, reported that
preliminary estimates indicated a potential range of revenue was
$700,000 to $1 million in terms of advertising and lease revenue. That
range was based on multiple factors and represented the middle range of
potential income.      Revenue would be eligible for Certificates of
Participation (COP), resulting in funding of approximately $11.2 million.
Additional benefits would include support for local businesses, support for
City programming and events and emergency and community messages.
                                                                        Page 20 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
