                               MINUTES
Aaron Aknin, Acting Planning Director, reported the vehicle habitation issue
began several years ago based on homeowner complaints. In 2011 Staff
initiated a working group and held community workshops for input. A
number of meetings occurred regarding vehicle habitation, and a number of
approaches were explored. The 72-hour parking restriction was the only
Ordinance currently available for use against vehicle habitation; however, it
was difficult to enforce. Most cities in the Peninsula as well as San Mateo,
Santa Clara and San Francisco Counties had similar Ordinances restricting
habitation of vehicles.    The Policy and Services Committee reviewed
potential programs and recommended Council consideration of the draft
Ordinance. Twenty or more vehicles routinely parked overnight at the
Cubberley Community Center. The proposed Ordinance would regulate
vehicles parked at Cubberley. On August 13, 2013 a community-wide
discussion would be held at the Policy and Services Committee meeting
regarding the general homelessness issue. The intent of the proposed
Ordinance was to initiate engagement with enforcement being a last resort.
A second reading of the proposed Ordinance would occur in August or
September 2013; extensive community outreach would be held in October,
November and December 2013; a 30-day warning period would begin in
January 2014; and full implementation would begin in February 2014.

The Public Hearing opened at 8:18 P.M.

Bunny Good shared a story about a homeless person.

George Chippendale indicated a vehicle was an emergency house for some
families.

Litsie Indergand stated her church was willing for vehicles to be parked in
the parking lot overnight; however, the church could not afford to hire an
attendant.

Norman Carroll inquired whether the proposed Ordinance would affect
workers sleeping in their vehicles between work shifts.

Stephanie Munoz did not support adoption of the proposed Ordinance,
because it was unconstitutional and inhumane.

Ruth Chippendale reported the homeless population was homeless for a
variety of reasons.

Rachel Wright felt the proposed Ordinance did not solve the homeless
problem and did not support its adoption.

                                                                           Page 7 of 18
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
