                         ACTION MINUTES

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price said she participated in the launch of the Bike Share
Program on August 29, 2013. The City Manager’s Office was working on
how to fill the vacant Project Safety Net Manager position. The Ojakians
received the Jefferson Award for their work with suicide prevention and
mental health advocacy.

Council Member Burt requested two items for future Council Meetings: 1)
Consideration of discontinuation of the Transfer Development Rights (TDR)
of downtown, and 2) a need to review with the Architectural Review Board
the role of the downtown urban guidelines.

Mayor Scharff said that the first item, regarding the TDR, was already being
worked on by Staff.

Council Member Burt asked what the expected timeframe was for Staff to
bring the item to Council.

James Keene, City Manager, said it would be within the next couple of
months.

Council Member Burt said that if it was part of comprehensive program that
would take longer because of other components, he would like to have this
piece move forward more quickly to avoid a compounded problem.

Mayor Scharff said it was coming back within 45 days.

Molly Stump, City Attorney said it was not being delayed due to being part of
a comprehensive program.

Council Member Burt said that 45 days was reasonable. His concern was
founded by the ARB finding that the guidelines were irrelevant to Agenda
Item Number Seven. He reformed his request to indicate that Council
should agendize a review of the downtown urban guidelines and give
direction to ARB on their future use.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to agendize for a future City Council meeting the consideration of Transfer
Development Rights in downtown and to review with Architectural Review
Board (ARB) the role of the downtown urban guidelines and provide direction
to the ARB on their future.

                                                                             Page 6 of 7
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                         FINAL ACTION MINUTES: 9/9/13
