                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman requested a timeline for presentation of the RPP
and TDM Programs.

Mr. Aknin reported Staff planned to provide an Ordinance regarding an RPP
Program to the Council in December 2013. Some time in spring to early
summer 2014 a program could be implemented. He did not have an
estimate for a TDM Program. The initial portion could be effective sometime
in 2014. It would take time to provide a thorough TDM Program.

Council Member Holman inquired about better utilization of parking garages.

Mr. Aknin stated Staff was issuing a Request for Proposal (RFP) for attendant
parking at Lot R. Staff would consider different methods throughout 2014.

Council Member Holman was sensitive to bonus square footage for seismic
and historic improvements and TDRs.            The City Manager mentioned
consideration of other ways to incentivize improvements and TDRs. She
asked about the difficulty of pipeline projects to park required spaces rather
than paying in-lieu fees.

Mr. Aknin noted the 500 University Avenue project was now fully parked.
The 240 Hamilton Avenue project was utilizing lifts to provide parking for
residents. To provide that incremental space or two might require digging
further into the ground, which would add a disproportionate amount of cost.
Within Downtown, it would be best to have parking spread out.

Council Member Holman requested Staff consider cooperative use of private
garages.

Council Member Schmid favored proceeding with the proposed Ordinance.
The Council should give the public a clear signal that these issues were
important.

Council Member Berman was inclined to support the Motion.               These
measures were the beginning of a solution. He wished to ensure that
Council decisions did not cause applicants to redesign projects. This process
was similar to past processes in similar situations.           Removing the
grandfather issue mitigated the negative consequence for applicants. The
increased number of single-occupancy drivers was the cause of parking
problems. He did not wish to incentivize single-occupancy car trips.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Shepherd to exempt the pipeline projects at 240 Hamilton Avenue, 261

                                                                        Page 26 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/21/13
