                              MINUTES
Council Member Schmid felt the Social Security System offered benefits of
diversifying assets, guaranty of funds, and portability.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to specifically work with employees and the League of
California Cities to get Legislators to open participation into the Social
Security System.

Council Member Burt felt this was a reasonable alternative to supplement
existing systems. The Social Security System was worth pursuing as a
future hybrid system.

Ms. Shen reported the 218 Plan under CalPERS offered a lower pension
amount along with Social Security benefits. Employees had to voluntarily
vote to enter that Plan. Public Safety Employees had to vote as a unit.
Miscellaneous Employees could participate individually.

Council Member Burt indicated the hybrid system was not a foreign concept
if some form was offered by CalPERS.

Mayor Scharff asked if the City could pay Miscellaneous Employees more,
and then Miscellaneous Employees could opt into the 218 Plan.

Ms. Shen stated Staff needed to get more information about the 218 Plan.
She could not say if it was viable for the City.

Mayor Scharff asked if the Amendment would include obtaining information
about the 218 Plan.

Ms. Shen answered yes.

Council Member Kniss was not in favor of the Amendment.

Council Member Klein felt the Amendment would be a miscommunication.
More information and study was needed.

AMENDMENT MODIFIED BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER to request
Staff to return to Council on this subject prepared to have a discussion on
the potential to open participation in the Social Security System for our
employees as part of a hybrid pension system.

Mr. Keene felt the language of the Amendment allowed Staff to schedule the
meeting when they had the necessary information.

                                                                     Page 20 of 31
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                          Minutes:
