                            MINUTES
making to the Committee, and he did not believe most colleagues not on the
Committee ceded it to the Committee. He was concerned that the polling was
being groomed essentially to make de facto policy decisions.

Mayor Scharff reiterated that Council Member Burt could offer a Motion at the
appropriate time.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted two items were singled out specifically for policy
direction.   The first was the billboard.     She thought the Committee
recommended further research regarding public-private partnerships for
parking garages. If polling determined weak support for a topic, then the
Committee would present it to the Council for consideration. She wanted to
hear colleagues' thoughts on some topics to aid future Committee
discussions.

Council Member Burt noted the Real Estate Transfer Tax was not included in
the second round of polling. He inquired whether or not the Committee was
still considering the Real Estate Transfer Tax and the Business License Tax.

Council Member Berman recalled generally the Committee discussion was that
the two polled poorly in the initial round. The Committee attempted to
narrow the different funding options.

Council Member Burt agreed that was his recollection from the Minutes;
however, he did not believe the data supported that conclusion. The whole
reporting referenced only a few times the difference between funding sources
that required a simple majority vote and those that required a two-thirds
supermajority.    The funding sources should be broken into those two
categories.

Council Member Burt asked why the Business License Tax and Real Estate
Transfer Tax, which required simple majority votes and which polled above a
majority, were excluded from the second round of polling.

Ms. Tucker noted the Business License Tax and Real Estate Transfer Tax did
poll at 51 percent. The Committee did discuss the Documentary Transfer
Tax. The Committee did not consider the Documentary Transfer Tax further,
because the current rate was already high and the revenue fluctuated
extensively. The certainty of ongoing revenue from a Documentary Transfer
Tax increase was not as high as other sources.

Mr. Keene clarified that the revenue was uncertain with respect to use as a
revenue stream for COPs.

                                                                      Page 13 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/28/13
