                               MINUTES
Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the analysis with respect to conflicts of
interest was very fact specific. Staff continually reviewed Agenda Items for
conflicts of interest and to determine whether items could be segmented.
Combining the Downtown Development Cap with the 27 University Avenue
project was a new idea, and several Council Members would have conflicts of
interest. If the Council could not form a majority because of conflicts of
interest, then State law allowed Council Members to draw lots to return
enough Council Members to form a bare majority.

Mr. Keene could not fully answer the question regarding Stanford
University's role. To plan for the area was completely within the City's
purview.    Staff recommended the Focused Community Input Process,
because it allowed flexibility in response to the public's needs.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to direct Staff to initiate a community engagement process
including 6-8 well publicized outreach meetings, pursuant to the “Focused
Community Input Process,” for the Arts and Innovation District Area (27
University Avenue site).

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the PARC recommendation regarding
the Julia Morgan Building was provided as information for the Council.

Mr. Aknin felt the recommendation was provided for informational purposes.
The PARC would like to proceed with design of El Camino Park and to know
whether the Julia Morgan Building would be located in El Camino Park.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted that the Agenda Item did not include action
regarding the Julia Morgan Building. The process for consideration of public
benefits would be iterative. The Motion allowed Staff to notice meetings and
have as many Council Members present as possible for robust discussions.

Council Member Kniss referenced the Motion from the December 12, 2012
Council meeting, and inquired whether it was the basis for planning and
holding the community outreach meetings.

Mr. Aknin responded yes. Staff used the Motion to determine the objectives
for the overall process.

Council Member Kniss felt the intent of the December 12, 2012 Motion was
clear, and several meetings would be needed to cover all the points.



                                                                            Page 7 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
