                                    MINUTES
Jessica Goodman, Senior Librarian for Information Technology and
Collections, indicated the Creating Connections Program brought together
teens and seniors for technology learning. Teens taught digital literacy skills
to seniors through 20 interactive learning sessions. After the Creating
Connections Program ended, teens continued to work one-on-one providing
technology tutoring to older adults.       The Library's digital collections
continued to grow with eBooks, audio books, digital magazines, music, and
free museum passes.

Cheryl Lee, Senior Librarian, worked on programs, outreach, and
partnerships. Customers determined the programs offered by the Library.
The Library partnered with nonprofit agencies, schools, corporations, and
businesses within the Palo Alto community. Approximately 500 children and
parents attended Story Time weekly at the Library. Story Time was held at
different locations in the community once a month.          Other programs
included baseball, Beer University, parenting skills, back-to-school swaps,
and a Halloween costume swap. Staff participated in many outreach events
each month.

Ms. Ziesenhenne had plans for the new Mitchell Park Library. Collections
would be expanded to include items of local interest and in international
languages. The Library Advisory Commission, the Friends of the Palo Alto
Library, and the Palo Alto Library Foundation focused closely on the Library.

Council Member Burt was not familiar with many Library services. He asked
if the Library was featured periodically on the homepage of the City's
website.

Ms. Ziesenhenne indicated Staff regularly issued press releases and utilized
Facebook and Pinterest. Staff was working on a market segmentation study
and a strategic plan to increase public awareness.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff was utilizing communication
tools supplied by the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD).

Ms. Ziesenhenne answered yes.

Mayor Scharff noticed that book circulation had decreased slightly. He asked
if the use of a temporary library location was responsible for the slight
decrease.

Ms. Ziesenhenne was surprised that circulation had not decreased more.
Because Main Library closed in May 2013, she expected the circulation
figures for the current fiscal year also to decrease. When Main Library and


                                                                          Page 2 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   November 18, 2013
