                          DRAFT MINUTES
Appointed Officer discussions, and provided flexibility to attend regional
meetings.

Mayor Scharff would not support the Amendment. It was important to have
a Council meeting on August 5, 2013, and easier to take off the month of
July.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Price, Schmid, yes

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Ms. Grider noted the Council had not set a time for the Winter Break.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to continue discussion of the Council Winter Break after a report back from
the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Kniss recalled that the dates had to be posted at the current
time.

Ms. Grider reported the Code required the Council to set the vacation for the
year by the last meeting in February.

Council Member Klein felt the Council had discretion to continue the Item.

Mayor Scharff deferred to the City Attorney.

Molly Stump, City Attorney reported the Code stated no later than the third
meeting in February. This was an internal rule for the Council's governance
of itself, and the Council had discretion to interpret and apply those rules.
The Council had discretion to decide how it wished to proceed.

Council Member Klein believed the Council should continue the Item in order
to be consistent with earlier action. The Item would return from the Policy
and Services Committee by late February.

Council Member Kniss felt knowing a beginning date for the Winter Break
would be helpful in making personal plans.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to start Winter Break at close of business on
December 20, 2013 with ending date to be determined based on the report
from the Policy and Services Committee.

                                                                        Page 29 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
