                               MINUTES
Street.   The Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) held an
outreach meeting and two public hearings after the Council's discussion in
November 2012. The P&TC recommended adding corner parcels which
included three CD-S-P zoned, street-facing, ground-floor offices in the Forest
Plaza complex. The fourth ground-floor property was located at 203 Forest
Avenue. The owner of 203 Forest Avenue sent letters to the Council
providing his reasons for not rezoning the property and spoke to the P&TC.
The Comprehensive Plan, Program L-9, asked that Staff monitor the
effectiveness of the ground-floor retail requirement in the University
Avenue-Downtown area. Staff reported to the P&TC that it was likely the
Downtown Development Cap analysis would explore potential incentives for
retail. A rezoning of existing non-conforming legal ground-floor offices had
implications for those spaces.

Public Hearing opened at 7:41 P.M.

Chop Keenan opposed the proposal for spot zoning. The Council should not
move from office to retail zoning.

Roxy Rapp believed University Avenue was the core location for retail
business. Retail businesses had a difficult time succeeding at locations
outside the core.

David Kleiman stated the building at 203 Forest Avenue was not suitable for
a retail business and should not be included in the Ordinance. He supported
retail business; however, the Ordinance should have a trial period of three to
six months.

Robert Moss believed Downtown was an excellent location for retail
businesses. Higher rents for office space provided incentives for property
owners to convert retail space to office space. Retail businesses provided
sales tax and income to the City; offices did not.

Public Hearing closed at 7:54 P.M.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether ground-floor retail would be required
for any redevelopment of a building in the 600 block of Emerson Street
under current Zoning Ordinances.

Ms. French indicated a legal, non-conforming office on the ground floor could
remain as long as there was not a vacancy of 12 months or more. Under
this zoning, retail space could not convert to office space at a later time.


                                                                            Page 6 of 20
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/8/13
