                       WORKING MINUTES
Jeremy Erman read a letter from his brother in opposition to renaming Main
Library. Mitchell Park Library would not be a full service library. He
requested the Council fund the restocking of Main Library.

Susie Thom did not believe renaming Main Library for one person was
appropriate. She urged the Council to rename Main Library as Rinconada
Library.

Robert Moss, Library Advisory Commissioner, reported on LAC discussions
regarding renaming Main Library. The LAC suggested Rinconada Library as
the new name because it was located in the Rinconada area.

Elaine Meyer felt changing the name was erasing the history of Main Library.
The Library Service Model Analysis and Recommendations (LSMAR) was
clear that the Main Library should not be downgraded. The reasons for
changing the name were not logical.

Jeff Levinsky stated the name Rinconada Library did not reflect that area of
Palo Alto and was ambiguous. The Council should allow the community to
vote on a new name for Main Library. If the Council did not honor the
commitments of the LSMAR and Bond Measure, the library would slide into
mediocrity.

Herb Borock noted the Council had a policy for renaming City facilities. The
proposed renaming did not follow City policy.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the recommendation of the Library Advisory Commission
and approve the Resolution to change the name of the Main Library to
“Rinconada Library” as recommended by the Library Advisory Commission
and supported by the Palo Alto Historical Association.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the LAC did a fine job of selecting a new name for
Main Library. The name Rinconada Library set a location.

Council Member Schmid supported the historical roots of the name of
Rinconada.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to refer this item to the Policy and Services Committee with
directions that they work with Palo Alto Historical Association to bring a
recommendation to the City Council to rename the Main Library for a
deceased, distinguished Palo Altan.

                                                                       Page 11 of 17
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 9/9/13
