                               MINUTES
Ms. Silver indicated a second request for rezoning would be appropriate if
the Council did not approve the pending application.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the project could be successful
with a reduced number of homes.

Ms. Gonzalez expected a funding gap to result from fewer houses; however,
PAHC hoped to find other sources to fund the gap.

Council Member Holman felt the sharing of services between the PAHC
properties would reduce the number of car trips.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to share maintenance and landscaping staff,
service coordinators, between Maybell Orchard and APAC (Arastradero Park
Apartment Complex). Coordinate and share usage of van for residents of
Maybell and APAC.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the reduction to seven units
created a parcel width of 48 feet on Maybell Avenue.

Mr. Aknin responded yes. Seven lots across Maybell Avenue would result in
lot widths of approximately 48 feet.

Council Member Holman inquired whether PAHC intended to share amenities
between the two PAHC properties.

Ms. Gonzalez wished to share service coordinators and                      provide
intergenerational activities and share all amenities when possible.

Council Member Holman felt there was no need to include all services in the
Motion as they were part of PAHC's intentions. A resolution to satisfy all
parties was not possible.

Council Member Schmid wished to place the project in the wider context of
City issues.     The community needed low-income housing, and the
neighborhood was not opposed to the affordable housing element of the
project. The transition between the neighborhood and the senior housing
was important. He questioned whether in-lieu fees were sufficient to protect
neighborhoods from the impact of affordable housing, and whether in-lieu
fees for projects located in Downtown should be increased. Traffic was a
major issue, and traffic studies did not count bicycles and pedestrians. Staff
considered incremental change rather than impacts of traffic. Traffic was an

                                                                          Page 13 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes June 17, 2013
