                               MINUTES

15.   Approval of a Contract Amendment with Baker & Taylor in the Amount
      of $390,000 to Purchase Library Materials for the City Library System.

MOTION PASSED to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-11 and 13-15:
9-0

ACTION ITEMS

16.   Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution 9366 entitled “Resolution fo
      the City of Palo Alto Confirming Weed Abatement Report and Ordering
      Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment on the Respective
      Properties Described Therein.”

Mayor Scharff reported on December 10, 2012 in accordance with Chapter
8.08 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code, the City Council declared weeds to be a
nuisance and ordered that the nuisance be abated. A public hearing was
held on January 14, 2013 to consider objections to the proposed destruction
or removal of weeds. No objections were noted. Once the above steps had
been taken, the Santa Clara County (County) Weed Abatement Division
instructed its contractor to abate weeds on City and private property within
Palo Alto. That work was completed, and property owners were notified the
third week in December 2012 that weeds were to be abated by April 30,
2013 either by the owners or the County. If the property owners chose to
have the County abate the weeds, the abatement charge would be levied
against the respective properties as an assessment by the County Assessor.
The County has since informed the property owners of the cost of destroying
and removing the weeds. The City Clerk has published the required notice
of the hearing in the Palo Alto Weekly. The cost report by the County Weed
Abatement Division was posted on the City Hall Plaza bulletin board for ten
days prior to the hearing.

The Public Hearing opened and closed at 8:13 P.M. with no speakers.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to adopt a Resolution confirming the Weed Abatement Report and ordering
abatement costs to be a special assessment on the properties specified in
the report.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

17.   Public Hearing: Approval of Ordinance Adding Section 9.06.010 to the
      Palo Alto Municipal Code to Prohibit Human Habitation of Vehicles.

                                                                           Page 6 of 18
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
