                                 MINUTES
CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve Agenda Item Number 2.

2.    Approval of Additional CDBG Entitlement Funds for Fiscal Year 2014 in
      the Amount of $111,091 including an Additional Allocation of $38,000
      to Avenidas from the City's Federal Line of Credit and Adoption of
      Related Budget Amendment Ordinance 5203.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

3.    Resolution 9367 entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Allowing the Implementation of a One-Year Trial No Overnight
      Parking (2:00 A.M.-5:00 A.M.) Program on Streets within the Crescent
      Park Neighborhood” (Continued from August 5, 2013).

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, reported several residents of
the Crescent Park neighborhood approached the City approximately one year
ago regarding overcrowding of streets, blocked driveways, and litter. Over
the last year, Staff worked with the neighborhood to implement a series of
traffic calming measures. The main concern was overcrowding of parking.
Staff provided residents with options focusing on an overnight parking
restriction, and made it clear that neighborhood residents would have to
lead efforts to initiate parking restrictions. Staff asked residents to circulate
petitions, notified surrounding residents about petitions, and provided a
process for implementing restrictions. The restrictions focused on a ten-
block buffer area around the eastern portion of Crescent Park neighborhood.
Following receipt of the petitions, the City administered a postcard survey to
validate signatures on the petitions and to gauge community support for the
specific project. There was strong support within the neighborhood on the
blocks surveyed. Residents on streets not part of the original petition
requested to participate in the survey. The one-year trial would affect
anyone parking in the neighborhood. An overnight parking permit could be
sold at a cost of $5, the same cost as permits sold in the College Terrace
neighborhood. Permits could be made available at City Hall and would
expire after two years. Residents of the neighborhood could purchase as
many permits as they wanted. Staff recommended the Council adopt a
Resolution authorizing Staff to implement a one-year trial program for no
overnight parking between 2:00 A.M. and 5:00 P.M. within the select blocks
of Crescent Park with the addition of Island Drive.

                                                                             Page 3 of 22
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 8/12/13
