              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              MINUTES

                                                               Special Meeting
                                                              October 21, 2013

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 5:34 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price arrived at 5:57 P.M.,
            Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.    Potential List of Topics for the Study Session with Senator Jerry Hill.

PUBLIC COMMENTS

Stuart Carl noticed heavier commercial airline noise over his home. After
the Asiana plane crash, the Federal Aviation Administration required
overseas flights to lower routes into San Francisco, which seemed to result
in the increased noise. The closest noise monitoring station was located in
Menlo Park.

Senator Jerry Hill reported the Legislative Session was successful. The State
should complete the fiscal year with a $2 billion to $4 billion surplus.
Educational funding would equalize after the enactment of Proposition 30.
The Governor wanted to make some changes to the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA); however, the proposed legislation was not successful.
Senate Bill (SB) 375 regarding transit development areas would affect three
concerns:     aesthetics, parking and traffic.       Concerns about hydraulic
fracturing, "fracking," resulted in legislation creating standards that required
permitting, monitoring and disclosure of proprietary chemicals. Legislation
would allow $500 million to be used as a manufacturing tax credit for
businesses who wanted to locate or remain in California. Biotech and,
Research and Development businesses would be eligible for a sales tax
credit on manufacturing equipment. Tax credits were available for good
paying jobs in economically depressed areas. Approximately $100 million
would be available for the Governor's use to attract businesses to the State.


                                                                        Page 1 of 34
