                               MINUTES

Council Member Berman inquired whether the Council was to debate the
topic at the current time or when Staff returned with proposed language.

Council Member Kniss explained the Council had time to discuss and vote on
the topic when Staff returned with proposed language because of the change
in State law.

Council Member Berman asked if a change in term limits would apply to
seated Council Members or future Council Members.

Council Member Kniss recalled in 1992, when term limits were implemented,
the former rules applied to sitting Council Members. That topic could be
explored with the City Attorney.

Council Member Berman requested Staff provide a list of area cities and their
term limits for future discussion.

Council Member Kniss noted Santa Clara County imposed a limit of three
terms and the State imposed a limit of 12 years.

Council Member Berman expressed concerned about the negative impact of
a longer term limit on new Council Member candidates.

Council Member Holman felt it was illogical to request the City Attorney draft
language for a ballot measure when the Council had not discussed the
issues. She suggested the Council pose questions and make comments at
the current time, but continue discussion until after the Summer Break. She
did not support term limits; and was unsure whether a new term limit should
apply to present Council Members and whether the limit should be two five-
year terms or three four-year terms.

Council Member Schmid believed a limit of three terms and a decrease in the
number of Council Members would enhance the power of incumbency. A
longer tenure and fewer incumbents increased the distance from the
electorate. He hesitated to create barriers to bringing in new candidates.

Council Member Price indicated the Council would have time to vet the
issues and obtain community input. She wanted to obtain information and
input well in advance of the next election cycle to allow Council Members
and potential candidates to understand the changes.

Council Member Klein opposed term limits, because they were undemocratic
and insulting to the electorate.   Term limits deprived former Council
                                                                           Page 32 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
