the essential role that the innovative use of technology is playing in making
government more efficient, providing tools for enhanced service delivery,
lowering costs, providing transparency and encouraging citizen engagement.
Government is being reinvented like so many other industries by technology,
and our City leaders rightfully understand that it is important for city
government to mirror the innovative spirit of the companies that define our
region.

Last year, Palo Alto had a very successful Hackathon that received national
and international attention including praise from President Obama. This
year, Palo Alto will continue the tradition to host what promises to be the
largest Hackathon in the country.

The White House, building upon Palo Alto’s success last year, designated
June 1st as a national day of civic hacking. On June 1st, Palo Alto will host a
daylong event that includes software developers building apps for the City
that will align with a White House National Day of Civic Hacking. It’s not
clear what role the President will play on that day, but many senior federal
officials will be engaged in promoting this event as a part of the future of
civic innovation. As a follow up to the great Hackathon, the City will also run
a multi-month City Apps Challenge to elicit solutions for some key City
needs. These should be exciting events that highlight Palo Alto as the center
of innovation.

There are several things that Palo Alto needs to do to make it the Leading
Digital City of the Future. The first is to design and implement digital city
capabilities. By this, I mean the creation of technologies such as Mobile
Apps that encourage citizen engagement and allow convenient access to the
data and the tools for providing input and feedback on City issues. It is
expected that the Hackathon and City App Challenge will create some of
these tools. As part of this strategy, we also hope to deploy a “Palo Alto
311” mobile and online app. This will provide a way for community members
to report issues and other services via smartphones, tablets, and sites such
as Facebook.

Being a Digital City of the Future also includes the creation of City provided
hot spot Wi-Fi as is being done in Cogswell Plaza.       Working closely with
downtown merchants, neighbors, park users and members of Avenidas
Senior Center, this small downtown area park was renovated with
improvements to landscaping and irrigation, new public seating including
game tables, and improved park lighting. Through an innovative partnership
with TopCorner, a local crowd-funding non-profit, $10,000 was raised from
the community and local businesses for the installation of a new free public
Wi-Fi hot spot, which is planned for completion in early 2013.


                                      13
