                          DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Holman was unclear whether Staff suggested the Council
not take action at the current time.

Ms. Stump explained her suggestion was that the Council not take action on
the specific component of setting a policy or intent statement on vesting.
The Council and Staff would revisit that issue at a later time.

Council Member Holman supported the Motion, and suggested Staff create
charts or grids regarding options when this Item returned to the Council.

Mr. Keene agreed, and Staff discussed doing that. The process would be
iterative in providing information to the Council and to employees.

Council Member Holman felt identification of charts would be critical.
Information about options would not be intended as solutions.

Council Member Klein noted the Council had not discussed the value of the
City's trust with CalPERS, and requested Staff provide that information.

Mr. Keene believed the value was $54 million, with a $114 million unfunded
liability.

Council Member Klein hoped Staff would also discuss the impact, if any, on
the trust. Perhaps the Council could use trust funds to offset the cost of
exiting CalPERS, or did the trust lock the City into CalPERS.

Council Member Price supported the Motion, and was pleased the language
regarding vesting was removed from the Motion. The Council needed a
better understanding of vesting law. She asked Staff to describe next steps
based on conversations with employee groups.

Ms. Shen reported Staff was formulating possible next steps. Engaging with
employees without direct dealing was a balancing act. She consulted with
the City Attorney regarding procedures for employee forums to preclude the
possibility of direct dealing. Staff could provide surveys, hold focus groups,
and hold a Council meeting in a less formal location for employees and
representatives.

Mr. Keene believed represented employees expected to resolve concerns
about changes in healthcare benefits at the bargaining table. The question
was how to hold informational discussions regarding possibilities and
alternatives. The difficult conversation would concern sacrifices or greater
contributions by employees. Conversations in the different forums were
structured around avoiding any cost contribution by retirees. The concept
                                                                         Page 20 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
