                               MINUTES
Mr. Bobel clarified his earlier statement that bids would be released in March
2013, with execution of a contract in April 2013. The three regulatory
agencies were the Santa Clara County Environmental Health Group, the
California Department of Resources, Recycling and Recovery (CalRecycle),
and the Regional Water Quality Control Board.

Council Member Kniss commented that the Regional Water Quality Control
Board was sometimes difficult to deal with.

Council Member Price inquired why Staff believed regulatory agencies may
or may not allow removal of the cap under Option 2.

Mr. Bobel stated the possibility of not receiving approval was the reason
Staff did not recommend Option 2. Discussions with regulatory staff was the
basis for Staff's beliefs.    Regulatory agencies were concerned about
environmental impacts. Once the cap was in place, the City was dependent
on a regulatory agency to allow the cap to be removed.

Council Member Price asked if there was an appeal process for a denial, and
how an appeal would affect the timeline.

Mr. Bobel reported there was not a formal appeal process for a denial.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff considered an appeal in the
timeline as presented.

Mr. Bobel indicated regulatory staff could provide a firm answer once Staff
had a Council-directed action to submit to them.

Council Member Schmid understood the Council's task was to determine
whether an ECF was economically feasible. The zero waste goal, as defined
in the 2005 report, was to conserve, recover or use all waste resources. The
2009 Compost Task Force outlined four technology options: yard and food,
increased recycling, AD, and advanced gasification. The Compost Task Force
noted advanced gasification was seven to ten years away; however, the City
needed to monitor and study it. In 2019, the SMaRT Station and Kirby
Canyon contracts would expire, and the City would have to determine how
to handle 25 percent of waste. Advanced utilization technologies consuming
98 percent of the waste stream were 30-40 percent less expensive than
current costs. Staff considered technologies only currently in use in the Bay
Area. He asked how the Council could make a decision without complete
information.



01-14-2013                                                          112- 181
