                       WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Holman noted there was full flexibility with the Planned
Community (PC) zoning.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.   Proclamation Expressing Appreciation to Michael Closson Upon His
     Retirement from Acterra.

Council Member Klein read the Proclamation into the record.

Gregory Betts, Director of Community Services, expressed appreciation for
Mr. Closson's ten years of dedicated service to the City, environment,
community and volunteers. Acterra sponsored many programs and inspired
volunteers to participate in the programs. He thanked Mr. Closson for being
an inspiration, a partner and a leader.

Michael Closson was honored by the Proclamation. Acterra engaged adults
and youth and connected them to the environment. He was pleased to have
served the community. He planned to work with the Sierra Club to enhance
cities' climate action plans.

5.   Proclamation Celebrating the 50th Anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther
     King Jr.'s “I Have a Dream Speech.”

Council Member Price read the Proclamation into the record.

Aram James questioned what Dr. King's reaction would have been to the
Vehicle Habitation Ordinance. It was ironic the Council was celebrating civil
rights while failing to ensure all persons were protected under the law. In
the name of Dr. King, he asked the Council to reconsider its actions.

6.   Presentation of Automated External Defibrillators Purchased With City
     Council Contingency Funds.

Police Chief Dennis Burns updated the Council on the purchase of 52
automated external defibrillators (AED). Sergeant Benitez developed a
training plan, tests and maintenance schedules for the devices. He thanked
the Council for approving the purchase of AEDs.          Through Mr. Ian
Hagerman's negotiations, the City purchased 52 AEDs rather than 37.

Police Sergeant Wayne Benitez reported the first training class would be held
the following morning, and six units would be deployed in patrol cars the
following day. He described the operation of an AED. AEDs could be utilized
prior to the Fire Department's arrival on the scene.
                                                                           Page 7 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
