                               MINUTES
should be restored. The housing required a subdivision map that Staff did
not believe could be separated from the environmental review and PC
Ordinance. Staff believed that the housing could not proceed as currently
proposed. If the Council did not object, the Applicant could grade the
housing site and lay out driveways and building foundations. Staff proposed
three alternatives: 1) stop all work; 2) stop all work except for the grocery
store; and 3) continue construction including housing with a fine of slightly
more than $10,000. The City Attorney advised that continuing construction
of housing would be a high risk situation for the City in the event someone
challenged the EIR and review. Staff believed a substantially higher fine
could be imposed as the Council had a great deal of discretion with regard to
PC zones. Discussion of increasing the fine would be appropriate when Staff
presented the PC amendment.

John Tze, Applicant stated neither he nor the City authorized the demolition
of Building 1. It occurred through a failure in his organization, and he
accepted full responsibility. The Fresh Market's proposed opening was
scheduled for May 2013. Following the process that was in place, he wished
to continue work in order to welcome The Fresh Market and finish
Edgewood.

J. Turnbull, Page & Turnbull Architect indicated the main component of the
Project was the grocery building. The building did not have historic value,
because too much change had occurred. During construction, much of the
character of the Eichler aesthetic returned. The Structural Engineer and the
Architect reviewed a number of materials in Building 1, and found them to
be substandard or structurally unsound. That was the reason that the
contractor decided to demolish Building 1. Salvage was required under
plans, permits, and EIR. Building 1 needed to be held until the SEIR was
certified; however, Mr. Tze hoped the remaining work could proceed.

Council Member Kniss felt the public was frustrated by the lack of a grocery
store on the site, and asked how long the site had been without a grocery
store.

Mr. Williams reported there had not been a grocery store at the site for more
than seven years.

Council Member Kniss stated it was time something happened at the site.
The Applicant addressed the trust issue well. The public felt a deficit in not
having something of this nature at the location.

Council Member Price inquired about the estimated cost to replicate Building
1.

03-04-2013                                                          112- 347
