                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the process of the Retreat was a specific
timeline dedicated for specific reasons and she did not feel adding certain
items such as the revenue stream discussion was Retreat material.

Council Member Burt agreed an in-depth discussion of the revenue stream
was not the best use of Retreat time and offered an Amendment to refer the
item to the Finance Committee and then to the Infrastructure Committee
prior to returning to the full Council for discussion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct the Finance Committee to refer to the
Infrastructure Committee their recommendations prior to returning to full
Council for consideration.

Council Member Holman asked if the item went to the Finance Committee
and then to the Infrastructure Committee and she believed the two bodies
were not going to agree completely, was there an issue once the full Council
received the item.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, stated as long as the item was heard in an open
and noticed fashion for both Committees it would be acceptable.

Mr. Keene believed having both Committees review the matter would be
beneficial for the Council because they would both be looking at it from
different perspectives.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to send Protocols and Procedures to the Policy and Services Committee with
a recommendation that they define the Council Liaison role and address item
2.4 in Procedures and Protocols “Conduct with Palo Alto Boards and
Commissions.”

Council Member Price supported the Motion because there was not ample
time during the retreat to address certain matters that were better vetted by
the Policy & Services Committee. The role of liaison needed to be clear to
the liaison and to the Board or Commission they were supporting.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the information provided regarding the role and
responsibility to the liaisons was inarticulate for the Boards and Commission
as well as for the liaison to a community organization and what the role of
the organization to the liaison was.

                                                                       Page 10 of 17
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
