                   MINUTES
Council Member Kniss noted the Centre was privately owned but utilized
public transportation. Google was impressive. The City would need an
extraordinary commitment and incentives to have a successful TDM
Program. Google employees searched for homes located close to Google
transportation.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the Stanford TDM Program was an important
model for the City. She asked if Google employees could use Zipcars for
personal trips.

Mr. Mathy answered yes. Google provided shuttles for employees from San
Francisco to Mountain View and the Zipcar program for employees' personal
activities.

Vice Mayor Shepherd remarked that the Centre was intentionally under-built
by 30 percent; therefore, a comprehensive TDM Program was essential. She
valued the exchange of information regarding use of different public
transportation systems.

Council Member Klein inquired about the governance of the Contra Costa
Centre.

Ms. Tanner-Busby explained the Centre reported to the Contra Costa County
Board of Supervisors. The Centre itself had a Board of Directors comprised
of the 14 property owners.

Council Member Klein asked if the 14 Directors had equal votes, such that
the largest landowner had no more input than the smallest landowner.

Ms. Tanner-Busby answered yes. The TDM Program budget was divided
among the property owners according to the amount of square footage each
owned.

Council Member Klein inquired about the budget for the TDM program.

Ms. Tanner–Busby reported the budget was approximately $275,000.

Council Member Klein requested clarification of the $275,000 amount.

Ms. Tanner-Busby indicated the TDM Program collected $275,000 divided
among ongoing projects. She also applied for grants to support projects.



                                                                        Page 5 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/9/13
