                                MINUTES
MOTION PASSED FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBER 2:                     8-0 Shepherd not
participating

MOTION PASSED FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 4-9: 9-0

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

13.   (Former Agenda Item Number 10) Policy & Services Committee
      Recommendation to Approve Revisions to Section 2.4 of the City
      Council Protocols Setting Forth the Conduct of Council Liaisons to Palo
      Alto Boards and Commissions.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
move Agenda Item Number 13 (former Agenda Item Number 10) “Policy &
Services Committee Recommendation to Approve Revisions to Section 2.4 of
the City Council Protocols Setting Forth the Conduct of Council Liaisons to
Palo Alto Boards and Commissions” to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

10a. (Former Agenda Item Number 3) Finance Committee Recommendation
     that the City Council Appoint an Electric Undergrounding Advisory
     Body.

Tom Ping, Utilities Electric Engineering Manager, reported in 2012 Staff
presented recommendations for the structure of an advisory body to
evaluate the undergrounding program. The tasks of an advisory body were
to learn about the program in Palo Alto and actions taken by other cities; to
identify possible modifications to the program and funding mechanisms to
facilitate changes; to work with the community to gather input; and to make
recommendations to the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) and City
Council. Topics for the advisory body to address were whether to continue
the program, funding for the program, and the amount customers were
willing to pay. Staff identified two alternatives for structure of the advisory
body: 1) a citizen advisory committee appointed by the City Council; or 2) a
citizen advisory committee appointed by the City Manager or Utilities
Director. The UAC, Finance Committee, and Staff recommended the City
Council appoint a Citizen Advisory Committee.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt there was a great deal of confusion regarding
undergrounding of utilities.  Because grants were no longer available,
appointing a committee was the wise move.
                                                                          Page 4 of 32
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 3/18/13
