                               MINUTES
Mr. Williams did not believe the proposal was spot zoning. Emerson Street
was a link from the main core of Downtown to Whole Foods.

Council Member Holman stated retail and service businesses were lost,
because Emerson Street did not receive ground-floor retail protections. The
Council's responsibility was to support the vitality, financial viability, and
health of the City. The scope of the recommendation with regard to uses
was broad. University Avenue was great for retail business because of high
visibility; however, the rents were also high. Local businesses could not
support rents on University Avenue. She recalled the Council previously
made Ordinances effective on specific dates, and inquired if that could apply
in this instance. She asked if another retail business was in danger of
closing.

Mr. Williams did not believe the Council could make the Ordinance
retroactive without some kind of notice. The City was not at risk of having
anything happening before the proposed Ordinance was adopted and the 31
days expired.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt an Ordinance amending the Zoning Map to add the Ground
Floor (GF) Combining District (regulated under PAMC Section 18.30(C)) to
properties on the 600 block of Emerson Street zoned CD-C-P (Commercial-
Downtown Community with Pedestrian Combining District) and street
fronting ground floor spaces zoned CD-S-P (Commercial-Downtown Service
with Pedestrian Combining District), as listed on the Ordinance’s Exhibits 1
and 2.

Council Member Holman felt Emerson Street was a primary and critical
connector.

Council Member Schmid believed this was a good example of protecting the
retail vibrancy of Downtown. The P&TC's discussions were helpful.

Council Member Burt inquired about Staff's thinking regarding the two
corner parcels.

Mr. Williams indicated that Staff did not believe either parcel was a good
retail location. However, ground-floor retail zoning would be appropriate for
the sites if they were redeveloped in the future, because they would
probably have a second floor. Including the two parcels provided that
connection. If the Council adopted the recommendation, the sites could
continue as office uses.

                                                                            Page 8 of 20
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/8/13
