                     MINUTES
Council Member Klein explained that the City wanted to create a TDM
Program for the Downtown area with hundreds of landowners. He requested
advice on how to do that.

Mr. Hamilton felt any expert would need to discuss the situation in Palo Alto
before providing any advice or direction. The situation for a local jurisdiction
would be quite different from the situation at a university.

Council Member Klein inquired whether any of the three speakers had
learned of another city considering a TDM Program.

Mr. Hamilton was not familiar with a city creating a TDM Program.

Mr. Mathy reported the City of Mountain View was considering creation of a
Transportation Management Association (TMA), wherein an outside entity
would manage a TDM Program for a group of businesses. The businesses
were required to meet targets and contributed to a general fund to support
TDM efforts.

Council Member Klein asked if Google was participating in the TMA.

Mr. Mathy answered yes. Google was a founding participant in the TMA for
Mountain View. The City of Mountain View was determining whether to have
one TMA for the entire city or TMAs for each business district.

Council Member Klein inquired about the number of businesses in Google's
TMA.

Mr. Mathy explained that the TMA was comprised of businesses in the North
Bayshore area.

Council Member Klein asked about the total number of participants.

Mr. Mathy did not know. The TMA was in the process of being formed. Any
property owner in North Bayshore would be required to be a member of the
TMA.

Ms. Tanner-Busby added that the Contra Costa Centre was a TMA. She
suggested the Council begin with one project all participants could agree on.

Council Member Burt inquired about the reasons for a lower cost per parking
space utilized by Stanford University.


                                                                            Page 6 of 40
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 12/9/13
