                               MINUTES
on setting Guiding Principles and intentions. There should be Guiding
Principles for the negotiation process on what could be addressed in public
such as; no covenant not to develop; the City does not pay rent on the 8
acres, a longer term lease, and any funds returned to the City currently paid
to PAUSD would be dedicated towards a dedicated Cubberley Fund in the
Infrastructure Fund for Cubberley needs.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid that the City Council supported the concept of a
joint use design and a needs assessment study for Cubberley.

Council Member Schmid stated the Amendment extracted language from the
recommendations on sharing joint use of everything and it directed the
needs assessment as a key ingredient to cooperative work.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was not supportive of documenting the language of the
Guiding Principles, she felt P&S should decipher the principles or agendize
them for a City Council meeting when there was adequate time set aside for
individual discussions and response. There were a number of needs
assessments currently occurring in the City and without knowing the
parameters of this specific one there could be overlap.

Council Member Kniss could not support the Amendment until further
information was vetted on the concept of what joint use design was defined
as. She agreed P&S needed to define the details prior to Council making a
decision.

Mayor Scharff agreed the commitment to a joint use plan was premature as
was the statement of a needs assessment was necessary without P&S
reviewing the details.

Council Member Berman agreed there needed to be a broader discussion on
the entire CCAC report. He supported a comprehensive needs assessment as
well as a comprehensive needs analysis. He was supportive of investigation
of a joint use plan. He did not support the Amendment.

Mayor Scharff suggested they agendize a future meeting to discuss the
CCAC report further.

Council Member Berman supported agendizing a future meeting.

Mayor Scharff asked if other Colleagues supported a future meeting for the
CCAC report discussion.

                                                                       Page 16 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/13/13
