                               MINUTES
Number for Core Values/Guiding Principles but it appears as though it will be
on the priorities. He asked where the time was set-aside for the Core Value
discussion.

Council Member Burt stated the sequence shifted to the second retreat being
framed around the Staff proposal but the statement was correct there were
a limited number of minutes to discuss the Core Values. He suggested a
modification to the Motion; discuss the adopted priorities, consider more
depth to the potential action items and discuss perspective core values.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to discuss adopted priorities, consider more in
depth the potential action items and the potential core values.

Council Member Price felt the Core Values and Guiding Principles should be
discussed prior to the priorities. She believed the agenda was too ambitious
and she was not convinced there would be a quality discussion to each item
in the allotted time.

Council Member Klein clarified the Motion on the floor was explicit to the
April meeting thus did not add time to the discussion of Saturday’s retreat
agenda. He noted the 2013 retreat agenda was far more focused and
organized because of the advanced planning and consideration of the
proposed priorities.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION Council Member Price moved, seconded by
XXXX to say instead of “in the first month of spring” say “in the second
quarter of 2013.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Schmid stated the notion that priorities were special
activities throughout the year that could make a difference and the Council
should spend the retreat time on such activities. There were additional
notions that there were a series of Core Values or Guiding Principles that
were enduring over time that were important and significant which should be
acknowledged by the Council. He believed Agenda Item Number 4 was a
sequencing of the reiterated Core Values. According to the Agenda the Core
Values would be setting up future sessions and the priorities and action
steps would be the work of the Council over the year.

Council Member Kniss reiterated if the Core Values were not in place how
were the priorities being selected. The Core Values should be the driving
force behind the action items.
                                                                       Page 14 of 17
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
