                               MINUTES
were removed from the Housing Element. Two public interest law firms
expressed concerns regarding programs for persons with developmental
disabilities and the City's policy for reasonable accommodation. If the
Council approved the Housing Element, it would then be submitted to HCD
for approval. Staff would begin Code implementation of programs and
preparations for the next Housing Element due in December 2014.

Aaron Aknin, Acting Director of Planning and Community Environment,
reiterated that Staff's recommendation was for the Maybell Avenue project
to be shown at the approved level. HCD expressed reservations regarding
the San Antonio Avenue sites, and Staff was concerned that the Housing
Element would not be in compliance if the San Antonio Avenue sites
remained in the Housing Element.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reviewed the legal ramifications
of the City not having a compliant Housing Element: lawsuits and sanctions;
carryover of unfulfilled Regional Housing Needs Assessment (RHNA) units;
ineligibility for certain grants; and loss of incentives to timely certify a
Housing Element.

Patricia Saffir, League of Women Voters, approved the programs added to
the Housing Element and urged the Council to approve the Housing Element.

Council Member Price asked how Staff would address                   reasonable
accommodations for persons with developmental disabilities.

Mr. Wong indicated Planning Department Staff would work with a non-profit
affordable housing developer for at-risk housing. The City had a reasonable
accommodation policy; however, Staff needed to apply it on a Citywide
basis.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve a Resolution (Attachment A) adopting the revised Housing
Element 2007-14 of the Comprehensive Plan and approving a Negative
Declaration with changes recommended by Staff with the San Antonio sites
deleted and Maybell added in.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested the Regional Housing Mandate Committee
study the community's outcry regarding housing mandates and recommend
outreach to the community regarding zoning.

Council Member Kniss was frustrated by the State's ability to impose a
housing mandate on the City.       In order to meet future housing

                                                                          Page 20 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes June 17, 2013
