                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt was enthusiastic with the perspective of a TDM
program. He agreed the normal practice was not to move from a Colleagues
Memo to an authorization of a significant expenditure. The purpose of a
Colleagues Memo was to discuss an important concept to agendize a more
meaningful discussion after feedback from Staff. A TDM program was a
complex process needing a great deal of work, commitment, significant
community engagement, and PTC involvement. The Colleagues Memo
discussed solo car trips and car trips which were not the same issue. He
agreed the solo car trip was an important metric but did not believe the best
metric for a TDM discussion. If the solo car trips were reduced by 30 percent
by two single drivers commuting in one car it would not be a true 30 percent
reduction.

Council Member Holman stated the topic of transportation affects every
person who lived and worked in the community and it was an important
topic to be brought forward. She did not feel rushing into a resolution was
beneficial. She asked the Maker of the Substitute Motion whether the Motion
was to route through the PTC.

Council Member Klein noted although he neglected to mention the PTC
involvement he agree it should be included.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER for Staff to consult with the Planning and Transportation
Commission during the time period between now and January 2014.

Council Member Holman mentioned the Motion talked about traffic and
parking problems, if the Council was looking for solutions with community
support she felt the Motion should include a reference to the Residential
Parking Program (RPP) specifically.

Council Member Klein agreed and would consider altering the Motion
language prior to the vote.

Council Member Kniss asked who would be the intended audience and
participants for the Motioned Study Sessions.

Council Member Klein stated the City Council and Staff would identify the
various stakeholders.

Council Member Kniss noted she was not in support of the Substitute Motion
but asked for clarification on the goal of the Substitute Motion. She felt the
original Motion clarified a comprehensive TDM program.

                                                                        Page 28 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/16/13
