                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked when the next update meeting might occur.

Mr. Keene indicated a discussion at the Policy and Services Committee could
occur as early as February 2013 relating to the overall legislative program.

Council Member Burt stated 90 days or less was acceptable.

Mayor Scharff supported the modified Amendment. The 218 Plan was an
interesting possibility for the Council to explore. The City could take no
further action with regard to CalPERS pensions. A hybrid system could give
the City a competitive edge, and provide an option for employees.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the Amendment was covered by Agenda
Item Number 10. She would not support the current Amendment.

Council Member Burt felt this was a policy direction, and Agenda Item
Number 10 was action for the lobbyist.

Council Member Kniss agreed with Vice Mayor Shepherd's comments.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Kniss, Price, Shepherd, no

MOTION RECAPPED: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to direct Staff to: 1) to explore additional pension legislation
with our Legislators and other parties (such as the League of California
Cities) to close remaining loopholes and to give cities broader decision
making power in regards to their pension plans; 2) continue to work with
City employees and the public to fully understand the facts about pensions
and the status of the City’s efforts to manage costs and provision of benefits
while maintaining a talented work force; and 3) write CalPERS to confirm our
understanding of how regulations will apply to Palo Alto regarding the
definition of income and advise CalPERS of our opposition to their present
interpretation as we understand it, and to send copies of our correspondence
to Legislators. Staff is directed to return to Council on this subject prepared
to have a discussion on the potential to open participation in the Social
Security System for our employees as part of a hybrid pension system.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

10.   2013 State Legislative Priorities.

James Keene, City Manager reported the typical process was for the Policy
and Services Committee to discuss federal and State Legislative strategy
and priorities at the beginning of each year. However, the deadline for
                                                                         Page 21 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
