                               MINUTES
Jim Barbera hoped the Council would streamline the permitting process,
perhaps including online permitting, and require new construction to be
prewired for Electric Vehicles (EV). Some percentage of onsite parking at
multi-family units should be prepared for EVs. Charging stations should be
available at workplaces and in public places.

Sven Thesen reported the four major electric auto associations requested
the Council address parking lots, supported streamlining the permitting
process and reducing permitting fees, and suggested the Council consider a
pilot curbside residential program.

Jeb Eddy stated high-powered charging stations were scarce. The Unitarian
Church installed a free public charging station, with the largest expense
being the permit. Permitting fees should be reduced for homeowners and
non-profit organizations.

Council Member Kniss inquired about donations to the church for use of the
charging station.

Mr. Eddy indicated a sign next to the station requested donations be left at
the church office.

Council Member Kniss asked if the church requested a specific amount of
donation.

Mr. Thesen reported the church received one donation.            He received
donations from EV owners who utilized his personal charging station. The
City of Berkeley talked with City Staff about installing charging stations.
Charging stations shifted parking rather than creating parking problems.

Richard Cassel was shocked by the cost of a permit to install a charging
station. The cost of a permit for installing a charging station should be the
same as installing an electrical outlet within a home or building. He
questioned the need for disconnect switches to be installed at commercial
and non-profit sites. It was not a safety issue, because disconnect switches
were not required for residences.

Arthur Keller noted the draft Transportation Element of the Comprehensive
Plan contained language proposing that parking spaces for new construction
be prewired. Commercial locations would be required to install chargers.

Eric Guldfeld wished to install two free curbside charging stations at his
home for use by the public. If the electric cost of the station was high, then
he might request donations.
                                                                         Page 8 of 13
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/23/13
