                                   MINUTES
Arastradero traffic onto Maybell. Having made an issue of senior housing,
the Council should purchase the Maybell property and construct senior
housing.

Chuck Jagoda recommended the Council not blame churches for not
responding to the pilot car camping program. Churches did not have time to
respond.

Wynn Grcich questioned the need for nine Council Members when other
cities with larger populations had only five Council Members. She gave the
Council evidence that fluoridation was poisonous. The YouTube movie Thrive
described the government's efforts to reduce the population.

Gary Wesley reported the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA)
proposed the use of boarding islands, signal preference, and bus-only lanes
for Menlo Park and Mountain View. He believed Palo Alto would have bus-
only lanes in the near future.

Timothy Gray advocated for citizen participation regarding the City's budget.
Additional City revenues should be used to balance the budget and reduce
spending.

Joe Hirsch requested a moratorium on all higher density development in Palo
Alto until a comprehensive and competent land use and transportation study
was completed. His request was supported by the recent vote on Measure
D. The traffic and parking issues were unsustainable and unsupportable.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve the Minutes of October 17, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Holman registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 7.

Herb Borock reported Staff's response to Council Member Holman's question
referred to the developer proceeding at his own risk if he began work after
the second reading of the Ordinance. He would have preferred Staff's
response to state it was against the law for the developer to begin
construction until the effective date of the Ordinance.

Council Member Schmid requested the City Attorney respond to Mr. Borock's
comments.
                                                                        Page 5 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 November 18, 2013
