                     DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
    Guiding Principle No. 16 language was strengthened, stating that the
     California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the National
     Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) shall not be modified in any way that
     affects the HSR or Caltrain Corridor environmental review process as
     currently required by law.
    Guiding Principle No. 17 was added, stating that the overall
     environmental review process should be comprised of two separate
     Environmental Impact Reports. The first EIR should be for the Caltrain
     Modernization Project. The second EIR should address any subsequent
     improvements proposed or necessary for HSR operation in the corridor.
    Minor language changes and clarifications were made throughout the
     document, all of which are shown in the attached redlined document.


MOTION WITHDRAWN

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to return Agenda Item Number 8, “Review and Approval of the Palo Alto City
Council Rail Committee Guiding Principles”, to the Rail Committee.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.     Response to Colleague’s Memo on Employee Benefits: Pension.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to; 1) direct Staff to explore additional pension legislation with our
Legislators and other parties (such as the League of California Cities) to
close remaining loopholes and to give cities broader decision making power
in regards to their pension plans, and 2) to continue to work with City
employees and the public to fully understand the facts about pensions and
the status of the City’s efforts to manage costs and provision of benefits
while maintaining a talented work force.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add: 3) to direct Staff to write CalPERS to
confirm our understanding of how regulations will apply to Palo Alto
regarding the definition of income and advise CalPERS of our opposition to
their present interpretation as we understand it, and to send copies of our
correspondence to Legislators.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to specifically work with employees and the League of
California Cities to get Legislators to open participation into the Social
Security System.
                                                                               Page 3 of 6
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                    Draft Action Minutes:
