                       WORKING MINUTES

Javier Gonzalez, California Restaurant Association, opposed the ban because
reusable bags lent themselves to cross-contamination and food-borne
illnesses. Other jurisdictions in the area exempted the restaurant industry
for those reasons. Plastic bags were better for holding multiple sizes of
containers and for containing spills. He asked the Council to exempt the
restaurant industry.

Bruce Wolfe, Executive Officer of the San Francisco Bay Regional Water
Board, reported the Water Board's 2009 Region-Wide Storm Water Permit
required agencies to reduce trash in storm water by 40 percent by 2014, 70
percent by 2017, and 100 percent by 2022. The proposed Ordinance was a
phased approach which would assist the City in reaching trash reduction
requirements.   Phasing out products regularly found in runoff was an
effective method to engage the public.

Robert Berman, Chairman of Roplast Industries and Member of the Reusable
Bag Task Force, applauded Staff's efforts to promote the use of reusable
grocery bags. The proposed Ordinance would encourage the use of reusable
bags; however, expanding the ban to all retail could increase paper bag
usage with the same negative environmental impact. For most non-food
retailers, it would be logical to provide small paper bags rather than large
reusable bags, which would undermine the City's goal of promoting reusable
bags. He recommended retailers be allowed to sell reusable bags smaller
than 30 inches in combined width and length without requiring the EcoLogo
certification as long as bags met all other requirements.

Peter Drekmeier felt the problems caused by plastic bags outweighed their
convenience. The City made a great deal of progress since 2009, but the
next step was needed. Palo Alto would be a part of changing the cultural
norm.

Trish Mulvey supported the proposed Ordinance. Allowing restaurants to use
plastic bags for liquid items addressed concerns of the California Restaurant
Association. Currently, very little household trash needed to be placed in
trash cans with liners. She preferred different sizes of reusable bags.

Samantha Meyer, Zero Waste Program Coordinator at Clean Water Action,
encouraged the Council to support the Ordinance, because it considered
source reduction. Currently in Palo Alto, 24 percent of customers used
reusable bags; whereas, in cities with bag fees, 62-94 percent of customers
used reusable bags.


                                                                        Page 12 of 16
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 3/11/13
