                          DRAFT MINUTES
Ms. Salazar reported projections provided by the Congressional Budget
Office (CBO) anticipated savings in the long term. However, in terms of
existing healthcare costs, the ACA actually increased costs to both the
employer and the consumer. Based on new mandates, the CBO anticipated
future increases could range between 2-3 percent within a 12-month period.
In the near future, healthcare costs were not anticipated to decrease. There
were concerns about affordability for individuals pursuing coverage from an
individual public exchange.

Council Member Kniss noted a majority of support for ACA was based on the
belief that as people obtained more healthcare and became healthier, costs
would decrease in the long term. A number of cities throughout the country
embarked on healthcare programs, such as wellness plans, with employees
to considerably decrease healthcare costs.

Ms. Shen stated one limitation of the CalPERS health plan was that the City
could not obtain health information from CalPERS regarding employees'
health levels. It would be difficult to implement a wellness plan because of
that.

Council Member Kniss suggested the Council consider a wellness plan for a
number of reasons.

Mr. Keene stated Staff planned to develop wellness programs for the benefit
of employees regardless of whether or not the City could capture direct cost
savings through a healthcare provider. One of the recommendations was to
explore a broader range of healthcare plans and products that could be
available.

Council Member Kniss did not know how to develop a wellness plan;
however, it was a promising area and would make a difference for
employees and costs.

Ms. Shen reported Staff would work with the League of California Cities, who
had a Healthy Cities group to diagnose and create some wellness plans.

Ms. Salazar explained the City would never understand the kind of
repercussions of implementing a wellness program and would never have
access to information indicating the success or failure of a wellness program,
because of CalPERS limitations. The City could maximize the impact of a
wellness program through a decrease in absenteeism.



                                                                          Page 7 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
