                               MINUTES
after 30 years of very little demographic change in Palo Alto. Over the past
14 years, Palo Alto underwent dynamic residential and business growth.
With public input and a nice definition of what was needed, the Council could
determine Core Values that would help them deal with the change.

Council Member Klein expressed concern that the discussion would
transform into the definition of a Comprehensive Plan. Guiding Principles
had to be general to be enduring. At a future retreat on Core Values, he
would attempt to focus the discussion on a few generalized statements that
could apply on an enduring basis. The proposed Preamble and Core Values
were provided as guidelines for community input. The Policy and Services
Committee discussed the number of Core Values that were appropriate.
Having a large number of Core Values was the same as having no Core
Values.

Mayor Scharff concurred with Council Member Klein's comments. The Core
Values should be general. The Council's responsibility was to interpret and
consider what was best for the community. A definition of quality of life was
not needed, because it had different meanings for different people. The
Council should be careful not to be too prescriptive.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Kniss, Price Absent

COUNCIL ADJOURNED INTO CLOSED SESSION AT 9:30 P.M.

CLOSED SESSION

Herb Borock suggested the Council consider the Naylor Act when negotiating
a price for the playing fields at Cubberley Community Center. If every
service was required to pay for itself, then the Council should take into
account the lease payments and capital improvements for Cubberley to
determine the cost of service for each service using Cubberley.

4.   CONFERENCE WITH REAL PROPERTY NEGOTIATORS, CALIFORNIA
     GOVERNMENT CODE SECTION 54956.8

     Properties:
     Cubberley Community Center, 4000 Middlefield Road, Palo Alto 94306
     (including 8 acres owned by the City of Palo Alto and remaining acres
     owned by the Palo Alto Unified School District); and Ventura School
     site, 3990 Ventura Court, Palo Alto 94306

     Agency Negotiators:

                                                                          Page 7 of 8
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 9/30/13
