                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired whether this action prescribed a particular
design outcome.

Mr. Williams answered no. The most prescriptive language concerned the
elevated rail alternative not being acceptable to the City.

Council Member Burt asked if the Motion would preclude a breezeway at the
Intermodal Transit Center if tracks were slightly elevated.

Mr. Williams stated the document was not that specific.

Council Member Burt requested the approximate             cost   estimate       for
undergrounding the system throughout Palo Alto.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst reported the lowest cost for
construction only was in the range of $500 million. There were no estimates
for other costs.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether it was appropriate for her to ask
about grade separations.

Molly Stump, City Attorney answered yes.

Council Member Kniss asked if Staff had approached groups in the Bay Area
about grade crossings. Many cities north of Palo Alto had obtained funding
for grade crossings.

Mr. Williams was unsure whether Staff had pursued funding for crossings.
The RC had discussed funding in conjunction with HSR and Caltrain
modernization.

Council Member Kniss suggested the Council and Staff review other cities'
methods for obtaining funding.

James Keene, City Manager indicated the Council could direct Staff to return
with additional information for discussion or action at a future meeting.

Council Member Kniss asked Council Member Klein whether he agreed with
the City pursuing avenues to allow grade crossings to occur.

Council Member Klein explained the Council had not determined that grade
separations were desirable. The Council discussed the negative impacts of
grade separations on the community. Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation
Officer, worked with Caltrain and HSR to obtain analysis of impacts of grade
                                                                         Page 5 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                             Minutes:
