                               MINUTES
     Located at 2080 Channing Avenue (Edgewood Plaza Mixed Use
     Project). * Quasi-Judicial.

Elena Lee, Senior Planner, reported Staff returned to the Council with the
revised project and subsequent environmental clearance as directed by the
Council. The original project proposed rehabilitation of the existing shopping
center. A final Environmental Impact Report (EIR) was approved for the
project. Contrary to the City's approval requirements for the project,
Building Number 1 was demolished. Subsequently, the Council authorized
continuation of the project to include construction of Building Number 3,
rehabilitation of Building Number 2 subject to monitoring, and construction
of six single-family homes. The Council's authorization was subject to an
amendment to the Planned Community (PC) Zone and a Supplemental EIR.
Fresh Market now occupied Building Number 3 and was open for business.
Building Number 2 was under construction with close supervision by Staff
and the City's historic consultant. The historic sign was approved for
rehabilitation. Building Number 1 would be reconstructed as originally
approved but with all new materials. Other components of the project
remained the same. The applicant proposed to retain all the original public
benefits with the exception of Building Number 1. The Supplemental EIR
focused on the changes to Building Number 1 and the mitigation
requirement regarding windows. In order to certify the EIR, the Council
must adopt a statement of overriding considerations. The Historic Resources
Board (HRB) recommended certification of the final EIR and approval of the
PC Amendment. The Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) also
recommended certification of the final EIR and the PC Amendment. With
respect to public benefits, the PTC recommended a penalty of $94,200 be
applied to future restoration of a public building or to sidewalk
improvements along West Bayshore Road. Staff recommended certification
of the final EIR and approval of the PC Amendment. Staff analyzed three
options for the penalty. The applicant's savings totaled $52,800; however,
Staff recommended a penalty of $94,200 in accordance with the PTC
recommendation.

Public Hearing Opened at 8:31 P.M.

John Tze, Applicant, had no intent to disregard a known public benefit. He
accepted responsibility for the demolition of Building Number 1. He agreed
to add expensive custom detailing to all wood storefronts. If the Council
deemed it fair to assess a further contribution, he would reluctantly accept
it.   He requested the City's historic consultant provide background
information regarding the condition of the historic buildings.


                                                                         Page 12 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/7/13
