                                 MINUTES

Jennifer Hetterly, Cubberley Community Advisory Committee Member,
reported Cubberley was a prime location in the core of Palo Alto easily
accessible to schools and neighborhoods. The supply of available parcels for
public facility development was small and shrinking. No option compared to
Cubberley's size and location. A cost-effective solution should be a high
priority for the community. Key issues were determining whether the site
could support both City and PAUSD needs without rebuilding; evaluating the
cost and suitability of using the as-is site for exclusive PAUSD use; and
examining efficiencies gained through redesign in order to meet both needs.
The City's 8 acres included the bulk of classroom and administrative space
and all tennis courts. PAUSD housed all other programs.              The Sub-
Committee determined it would not be possible for the City or PAUSD to
meet their services needs on their currently owned parcels without
substantial redesign and development. Buildings located at Cubberley were
old, costly to maintain, and poorly designed for modern programming needs.
Significant investment was required to use structures for an extended period
of time. The PAUSD anticipated reclaiming the site as early as 2025.
Without alternate facilities in place, users would experience a substantial gap
in services.       Uncertainty about needed structures forced continued
investment in the entire facility. The City needed certainty about future
community center use to justify significant infrastructure investments on the
horizon.      Analysis revealed significant inefficiencies in the design of
buildings, circulation, site areas, and parking. The site area was comprised
of narrow strips isolated between buildings, an amphitheatre, and single-
function perimeter landscaping. Buildings were spread out in such a way
that their footprint monopolized a large area, precluding more functional use
of spaces between and around buildings. Circulation areas consisted of
costly and impractical covered walkways. The sprawling design consumed
valuable space and resulted in long travel distances between buildings. The
site used more acreage for parking than for buildings. The most obvious
method to gain efficiency was to move parking below-grade. Current
building use ratio was at best 60 percent net building to 40 percent
circulation. A ratio of 75 percent to 25 percent would be a good target ratio
for a school and community site. Reducing circulation area would allow the
retention of some on-grade parking. By changing amenity designs and
building dual functionality into perimeter space, more usable outdoor space
could be created on significantly less acreage. Half of site acreage could be
recaptured to serve a different function, either indoor or outdoor. When
added to recaptured land over underground parking, 9.4 acres could be used
for new facilities. By redesigning the site and constructing parking below-
grade, maintenance costs could be reduced, functional efficiency could be
improved, and more usable outdoor space could be created, all while gaining
9.4 acres of land. With a modern design, Cubberley could accommodate up


                                                                 March 14, 2013
