                               MINUTES
Council Member Berman supported the Substitute Motion, and emphasized
that the number of meetings should be six rather than three. He wanted to
hear the public's opinion.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the 10-12 meetings included in the
Visioning Process were solely community meetings or community and
stakeholder meetings.

Mr. Aknin reported typically a combination of meetings would be held in that
the public would be invited to attend stakeholder meetings.

Council Member Burt indicated community and stakeholder meetings were
different kinds of meetings. The Substitute Motion omitted a stakeholder
group. Stanford University, as property owner, should participate as a
stakeholder. The process could not be effective with only two or three
meetings.

Mayor Scharff clarified that the Substitute Motion indicated three to six
meetings.

Council Member Burt was skeptical that a process could be effective without
a stakeholder group. He would support a 12-18 month process, inclusion of
the parking and Development Cap studies, a two-part process of community
and stakeholder meetings and a midpoint review by Council

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether a stakeholder group concept could be
included.

Mr. Aknin explained that as part of the community input process there would
not be a stakeholder committee. If the Council wished to have a different
process, then Staff could consider it once the input process was complete.

Council Member Holman believed the Visioning Process would lead to a
better outcome. Three to six meetings was not sufficient for the size and
scale of the project. The policy framework was important. Topics in
addition to those mentioned in the December 12, 2012 Motion needed to be
addressed as well as a stakeholder group. The Staff Report was not clear
regarding the process and sequence. For example, it did not indicate when
the Council would provide input with respect to scoping the traffic analysis.

Mr. Keene assumed many questions did not require an answer at the instant
time.


                                                                           Page 8 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
