                              MINUTES
exemption; whereas, Section 2a mentioned the floor area bonus and related
parking.

Ms. Stump suggested the problem was in the drafting of the proposed
Ordinance. After additional review, Staff now recommended the Council
separate those two pieces. It was a matter of drafting an Ordinance quickly
and working through the language of the Code.

Mayor Scharff assumed Staff could amend an Ordinance in any manner with
appropriate Council direction.

Ms. Stump indicated the vacant property piece was slightly more complex,
because Staff could not provide the implications in the Downtown
Commercial (CD) Zone for that exemption.

Mayor Scharff asked why the Council could not simply require the applicant
to park the project.

Ms. Stump stated in theory the Council could require that. Staff could do
that as a policy matter if the Council wished to make that policy direction.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether deleting "and selected" from Section 2a
would allow retention of the 200-square-foot exemption.

Ms. Stump recommended the Council describe changes in conceptual terms
in a Motion and allow Staff to work through the Code. There were places
where the Code looped around on itself. Staff requested the opportunity to
ensure an Ordinance was drafted correctly.

MOTION:     Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Burt to
adopt:

1.   An Ordinance to amend the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) to
     permanently delete Sections 18.52.060(a)(2) and 18.52.060(c) related
     to Parking Assessment Districts to eliminate the “Exempt Floor Area”
     parking exemption which allows floor area up to a floor area ratio
     (FAR) of 1.0 to 1.0 to be exempt from parking requirements within the
     Downtown Parking Assessment Area, and floor area up to an FAR of
     0.5 to 1.0 to be exempt within the California Avenue area parking
     assessment district (Attachment A); and
2.   An Interim Ordinance (Attachment B) to amend PAMC Chapters 18.18,
     Downtown Commercial (CD) District, and 18.52 (Parking and Loading
     Requirements), to make the following changes, to be effective for a
     period of two years:
                                                                      Page 22 of 34
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/21/13
