                               MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz previously requested the Council not reduce employee
health benefits. Now, Staff proposed a 2 percent pay raise to increase
compensation. Rather than giving employees a raise, the Council should
reinstate health insurance benefits. She felt a new position could have been
filled internally at a lower compensation rate if employees had been invited
to apply. The idea of increasing compensation because other cities paid
more than Palo Alto was not reasonable.

Andrew Boone worked as a volunteer to improve conditions for bicycling and
walking. U.S. Census data indicated 10 percent of Palo Alto residents used
bicycles as the primary mode of transportation to work. A large percentage
of children used bicycles to travel to school. He was pleased the City
continued to make improvements.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the minutes of March 14, March 18, and April 22, 2013
as amended.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Paul Albritton, Attorney representing AT&T, spoke regarding Agenda Item
Number 7 asked that the item remain on the consent calendar.

Council Member Berman recused himself from Agenda Item Number 14 due
to an investment in a company that makes reusable plastic bags.

Vice Mayor Shepherd registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 13.

Council Member Klein registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 13.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 6-14.

6.    Record of Land Use Action Approving a Conditional Use Permit for
      Beer and Wine Service at Freebirds World Burrito Located at 2305 El
      Camino Real.

7.    Appeal of and Recommendation to Uphold Director’s Architectural
      Review Approval of the Co-location by AT&T Mobility LLC of One Pole-
      Mounted Wireless Communication Antenna and Associated Equipment
                                                                       Page 4 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/6/13
