                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff considered negotiating a fine
that exceeded the Developer's economic benefit from demolishing rather
than preserving Building 1, and dedicating that fine to the Historic
Preservation Fund.

Mr. Williams answered yes. There was no reason the fine could not be
devoted to that purpose. Staff could consider and return with that option.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council could allow the Project to proceed
without determining the additional fine amount.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

Mayor Scharff noted the Applicant expressed interest in being allowed to
process the final subdivision map, prepare the housing sites, and possibly
construct some model homes. He asked if the Applicant preferred to
complete that work now or after completion of the SEIR.

Mr. Tze wanted to proceed with anything the Council would allow.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether the Applicant understood that being allowed
to proceed would not remove the possibility of an additional fine.

Mr. Tze stated demolishing Building 1 did not provide him with an economic
benefit. Moving forward with the Project helped him. He did not want to
see The Fresh Market open with the remaining construction site behind
fences.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether not proceeding with housing would affect the
market or retail elements of the Project.

Mr. Tze could only construct six of the homes at the current time, not all ten.
He wished to proceed with those as soon as he could obtain permits.

Mayor Scharff asked if the City was locked into a fine of $10,000, if the PC
process was not considered.

Mr. Williams responded yes. The fine for cutting down a tree was higher
than for tearing down a historic building relatively speaking. Staff and the
Council should review the fine structure.

Mayor Scharff reiterated that the Council could review the fine structure in
the future.


03-04-2013                                                           112- 351
