                       WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Burt believed the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance would be
implemented immediately with respect to Cubberley, rather than being
implemented over six months.

Ms. Stump explained that if the Council adopted the proposed Ordinance, by
mid-October 2013 anyone at a community center after 10:30 P.M. could be
cited under the proposed Ordinance. The Ordinances were independent of
one another. The practical effect of the proposed Ordinance was that people
would not be allowed to live in their vehicles at Cubberley after mid-October
if the Council adopted the Ordinance on second reading in early September.

Council Member Burt indicated the practical effect of the proposed Ordinance
was that the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance would not be implemented over
six months at Cubberley.         Staff's actions would provide positive
improvements for neighborhood residents. He expressed concern that a
safety net would not be in place when the proposed Ordinance became
effective. He asked if Staff considered a role for the Human Relations
Commission (HRC) in developing a program.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag stated Staff was willing to hear the Council's advice on a
role for the HRC.

Council Member Burt noted no faith-based organizations were listed as
participants in the Task Force and asked if Staff intended to reach out to
faith community leaders.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag reported Vineyard Christian Fellowship was invited to the
next Task Force meeting. Membership for the Task Force would expand.

Ms. Antil remarked that the Policy and Services Committee decided not to
provide a larger role for the HRC in order to expedite Staff's work with
community groups.

Council Member Burt appreciated the desire to prevent delay; however, he
was troubled by the process extending two years without inclusion of the
HRC. He would support a request to the Policy and Services Committee to
engage with the HRC without delaying the process. Staff or the Task Force
should engage Stanford University and corporations in the discussion.

Council Member Holman felt addressing the homelessness issue in a
piecemeal fashion was difficult. HRC involvement was not discussed at the
Policy and Services Committee meeting. She included that suggestion in a
Motion that failed. The Staff Report conflicted with oral comments regarding
Staff returning to the Council in 30 to 60 days. She inquired about the
                                                                          Page 19 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
