Lois Salo spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14 and believed the Vehicle
Habitation Ordinance should be rescinded regarding pending litigation. The
Ordinance was cruel and unconstitutional.

Stephanie Munoz spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14 and agreed that
the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance should be rescinded. When property
values increased, fewer people could afford homes. She suggested car
campers be allowed to park overnight in City garages.

Marie Scmirenko spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14 and supported
Staff's recommendation regarding the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance. Staff
should continue working with faith organizations to find solutions.

Laybrother Steven Gerard recalled his previous comments regarding Father
Joe's in San Diego. He spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14 and
encouraged residents to continue working on solutions to the homeless
situation.

Wynn Grcich reported the City of Hayward was reviewing an Ordinance to
require a permit to feed the homeless. She spoke regarding Agenda Item
Number 14 and felt it was unconscionable. People should be allowed to
sleep in cars.

Edie Keating spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14 and believed the
proposed stay of the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance was a good idea.
Residents were working toward an effective solution for the homeless
problem.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 5-9 and 11-15.

Council Member Schmid registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 7.

Council Member Holman registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 7

5.   Approval of a Contract with Walsh Electronics Systems Technology in a
     Total Amount of $419,823 for Phase III of the Video Surveillance and
     Intrusion Detection System Project (EL-04012) at Four of the City's
     Electric Substations.

6.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept the Audit of Contract
     Oversight: Trenching and the Installation of the Electric Substructure

7.   636 Waverley Street [13PLN-00262]: Council Consideration of an
     Appeal of the Director of Planning and Community Environment’s

                                 7                   December 16, 2013
