                                 MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd provided a brief explanation of housing requirements.
The Lease expired in 2014; however, the Council had to provide notice by
the end of 2013. This resulted in a sense of urgency. The CCAC Report
provided a strategic plan for the Cubberley site. She suggested both the
Council and PAUSD independently review the Report and recommendations.
A community needs assessment was a good next step.

Dana Tom, Palo Alto Unified School District Board President, inquired
whether the CCAC considered a high school's need for outdoor space.

Ms. Hetterly explained that was the reason for indicating the availability of
space and inefficiencies.

Mr. Tom asked if the recommendation accounted for unnecessary outdoor
space in the rest of the plan.

Ms. Hetterly answered yes.

Mr. Tom noted the Sub-Committee's concern that schools generally took the
lead in joint-use projects, and inquired if there were particular challenges
when schools did not take the lead.

Ms. Wheeler answered yes. Possibilities depended on Council and PAUSD
decisions and the timing of decisions. The Sub-Committee felt a ballot
measure would be more attractive to residents. A mix of funding sources
and resources would likely be used at various times. Many current uses
would be eligible for funding through a 55 percent bond.

Mr. Tom appreciated the CCAC's recognition of the disjointed time horizons
of the City and PAUSD. Phased development could address some of that. It
was difficult to commit to high school facility needs 15 years into the future.

Mayor Scharff was interested in a win-win situation. He did not want to
foreclose PAUSD's ability to have a third high school. The Report seemed to
indicate a high school was possible while preserving uses at Cubberley. The
City and PAUSD needed to review shared uses and their challenges. There
was a sense of urgency. He expressed optimism that the City and PAUSD
would work together to reach a good solution for the community. He
presented certificates of appreciation to CCAC members.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 10:02 P.M.




                                                                 March 14, 2013
