                               MINUTES
Mayor Scharff felt this was the current civil rights issue. People should be
allowed to marry whomever they wished to marry.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to
authorize the City Manager to fly the Rainbow Flag in King Plaza and adopt
the Resolution on page 346 of the report.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved to authorize the City
Manager to fly the Rainbow Flag in King Plaza at a minimum until the
Supreme Court decision is reached.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Holman stated Palo Alto voters rejected Proposition 8 by a
vote of 76 percent. Many youth struggled with their identity. Adopting the
Resolution and flying the flag would support all members of the community.
She inquired about the meaning of "at the City Manager's discretion."

Mr. Keene explained there might be more impact to fly the Rainbow Flag at
various times rather than continuously. If the City's position needed to be
demonstrated, then the flag would be flown. Flying the flag at different
times could have more impact.

Council Member Berman supported the Motion. Flying the Rainbow Flag was
a means for the City to support its residents and an inclusive society. He
would support the Council taking a position on Proposition 8.

Mayor Scharff indicated the Resolution did take a position.

Council Member Price took pleasure in supporting the Motion. Same sex
marriage was a longstanding issue. The Motion illustrated the City's values
and beliefs.

Council Member Klein believed it would be best for the City Manager to
determine when to fly the Rainbow Flag. The Supreme Court might not
render a meaningful decision in 2013.

Council Member Kniss agreed same sex marriage was a civil rights issue.
The Rainbow Flag was flown in many parts of the County and in many parts
of the country.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Burt, Schmid, Shepherd absent



04/01/2013                                                         112- 450
