                                 ACTION
    residential and commercial components of the project in the total
    amount of 4,619 square feet; and
(4) A Conditional Use Permit (CUP) to allow 16,118 sq. ft. of office space on
    one parcel where the limit is 5,000 s.f., recommended by the Planning
    and Transportation Commission (Commission) on July 10, 2013, and
(5) Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEEs) for five feet of additional
    building height and alleviation of the build to line by two and a half feet
    for a greater setback, recommended by the Architectural Review Board
    (ARB) on August 1, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

17.   Public Hearing: Request For Council’s Direction On Whether to Apply
      The Edgewood Plaza PC $94,200 Public Benefit Payment to the
      Construction of a Sidewalk, Historic Preservation of a Public Building,
      or Another Council Directed Purpose.

Council Member Holman recused herself from Agenda Item Number 17
because she previously worked for and still volunteers for the Palo Alto
History Museum.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve Staff’s recommendation to apply the penalty paid for the
Edgewood Plaza PC Amendment for the historic preservation of a public
building.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Shepherd to apply penalty paid for the Edgewood Plaza PC
Amendment toward the design of the sidewalk project along West Bayshore
Road.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 3-5-1 Burt, Price, Shepherd yes, Holman
recused

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the verbiage in the Motion from “the
historic preservation of a public building” to “historic preservation at Lucie
Stern as set for in paragraph two on page 797 in the Staff Report: “The
Lucie Stern Community Center located at 1305 Middlefield Road. The
community center was designed noted Palo Alto architect Birge Clark and is
designated as a Category 1 resource on the City’s historic inventory. There
are two potential projects that could benefit from this funding. The two
projects consist of restoration and rehabilitation of the existing brick pavers
located onsite and/or upgrading of the existing single-pane glass with
                                                                            Page 5 of 6
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 11/18/13
