                               MINUTES
Herb Borock suggested the Council proceed with a project under the
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) to provide the appropriate
public participation. The Council would need to study a variation on the no
project alternative. He recommended the project be built on the opposite
side of El Camino Real.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, indicated members of Friends of Caltrain
were eager to provide input on improving the area. She hoped the traffic
study included use of alternative transportation. Two or three community
meetings would not be sufficient to cover information for architectural, land
use, arts, public space and transportation issues.

Cheryl Lilienstein wanted the Council to require all commercial property
owners and developers to fund in perpetuity an electric vehicle shuttle
system.
Carol Kenyon noted there were many details connected with the project, and
recommended the Council approve Option 2 or 3.

Council Member Schmid felt obtaining public comment and creating a
process for public engagement were appropriate. However, the Council's
participation in the process seemed to be missing. The Council identified
basic principles relevant to 27 University Avenue and requested materials.
The process should include a Council meeting to set basic guidelines.

Mr. Keene reported the Council was involved in the discussion in an ongoing
manner; however, the issues and connection of issues continued to evolve.
In responding to the Council's direction, Staff focused on developing a
process and determining timing and costs.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to direct Staff to conduct 10-12 meetings to be concluded within twelve
months. Prior to the first meeting of the Visioning Process, the Council will
meet during August to discuss guidelines or principles to be used including
the report of the Development Cap, the measure of public benefits and other
contextual elements that are critical to the Comprehensive Plan goals.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Council identified a number of issues
that were important for guiding major projects in the City. Establishing a
timetable and holding a discussion regarding those critical points would be
helpful.

Council Member Price believed the Visioning Process as presented provided
sufficient time to proceed carefully and to include a stakeholder group. The

                                                                            Page 4 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
