                               MINUTES

Mayor Scharff announced the purpose of the Public Hearing was to hear
objections to the levy of proposed assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown
Business Improvement District (BID), and to adopt a Resolution confirming
the report of the Advisory Board on levying assessments for Fiscal Year (FY)
2014 on the Downtown Palo Alto BID. Annually the Council was required to
hold a Public Hearing to authorize the levy of an assessment in the next
fiscal year. On April 15, 2013, the Council set May 6, 2013 as the date for a
Public Hearing regarding the proposed levy of an assessment for FY 2014.
The Council appointed the Board of Directors of the Palo Alto Downtown
Business and Professional Association as the Advisory Board for the BID.
The Advisory Board prepared its annual report for FY 2014, and submitted it
to the Council. The City published the required notice in local newspapers of
record regarding reauthorization of the BID for FY 2014. All interested
persons would have the opportunity to provide testimony. At the conclusion
of the public hearing, the Council would determine whether a majority
protest existed. A majority protest would exist if the owners of businesses
that would pay 50 percent or more of the proposed levy of an assessment
filed and did not withdraw a written protest.

Public Hearing Opened and Closed at 9:30 P.M.

Mayor Scharff requested a determination regarding the existence of a
majority protest.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Manager of Economic Development, declared no
majority protest existed.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
adopt a Resolution confirming the report of the Advisory Board, and to levy
an assessment for fiscal year 2014 on the Downtown Palo Alto Business
Improvement District.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the relationship of the BID map to
maps of the Parking Assessment District, the Development Cap District, and
the Ground-Floor Retail District.

Mr. Fehrenbach reported the Parking Assessment District map was close to
the boundaries of the BID, although not exactly the same. The BID map
encompassed the Ground-Floor Retail overlay.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, reported
the primary area of the Development Cap Study encompassed most all the
Downtown commercial properties.
                                                                       Page 14 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/6/13
