                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid questioned whether the use of mandates would
inhibit the growth of EV usage. The Policy and Services Committee should
consider building a regional network of charging stations and providing
incentives for installing charging stations. The Finance Committee was
reviewing the Municipal Fee Schedule and the Cost of Service Study. He
recommended the Finance Committee discuss permitting fees at its next
meeting.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer, reported Staff had not presented building
and development fees to the Finance Committee for discussion, but would do
so.

Council Member Berman believed EV usage was growing, and the City should
create infrastructure to support EV growth. Installing wiring for a charging
station in new home construction cost approximately $200, which was not a
burden.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Kniss reported the Council received a letter from the Bay
Area Air Quality Management District Board regarding its Regional EV
Readiness Plan. The Board would partner with the City on the issue.

9.    Approval of Response to Grand Jury Report on Law Enforcement Public
      Complaint Procedures.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services, reported the Grand Jury
Report provided two recommendations. As of June 26, 2013, Staff complied
with both recommendations.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd to
approve the Staff recommended response, Attachment A of the Staff Report,
to the 2012-2013 Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury Report entitled, “Law
Enforcement Public Complaint Procedures” (“Grand Jury Report”).

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein attended the meeting of the Environmental Natural
Resources Committee of the National League of Cities in Pinecrest, Florida.
Communities in Florida were ahead of other communities in considering
adaption and resilience of the environment. The communities of south
Florida faced far greater problems than Palo Alto.
                                                                        Page 12 of 13
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/23/13
