                       WORKING MINUTES
Cedric de La Beaujardiere supported the Ordinance. As a user of reusable
bags, he subsidized other shoppers' use of plastic and paper bags. Palo
Alto's Ordinance should be consistent with other cities' Ordinances. He had
used his own containers at restaurants for many years, had not been ill as a
result, and often received a discount from the restaurant.

Robert Moss stated many people used store bags as trash can liners, and the
Council should consider some means of allowing this usage. He suggested
no bag fee be implemented for a year or two in order to determine usage of
reusable bags and to allow the City to remain competitive with other cities.
The Council should be very careful about its message to the public regarding
implementation of an Ordinance.

Jason Lundgaard, Manager of State and Local Government Affairs for Apple,
encouraged the Council to remove the requirement to label bags. The
labeling requirement was unnecessary and counterproductive.

Mike Francois suggested implementing incentives for returning plastic bags.
Plastic bags were unsightly litter. He appreciated the Council's and public's
comments.

Council Member Holman asked why delicatessen was included as both retail
service establishment and food service establishment.

Ms. Weiss explained delicatessen included food bars in grocery stores and
stand-alone businesses.

Council Member Holman noted supermarket was included as a food service
establishment.

Ms. Weiss indicated that language could be streamlined,                  because
supermarket was included under retail establishment.

Council Member Holman requested definitions of sales outlet and shop under
food service establishment.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff used existing definitions for this portion of the
Ordinance, and attempted to include any type of business that might sell
food.

Council Member Holman noted the definition of Superintendent was the
Assistant Director for Environmental Services, and inquired why Staff utilized
different names for the same position.

                                                                         Page 13 of 16
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Working Minutes: 3/11/13
