                               MINUTES
goals of the process should be well developed, and the process should be
logical. This would be a chance to coordinate and focus work.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to have Policy and Services Committee
create the first draft of Guiding Principles regarding 27 University Avenue or
Arts & Innovation District as a prelude to City Council discussions.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to direct Staff to have a joint study session
with the Planning and Transportation Commission regarding Planned
Community Zoning prior to the launch of the planning process for this site in
the early fall.

Council Member Schmid requested a sequencing of the actions contained in
the Motion.

Council Member Price explained the first step was for the Policy and Services
Committee to develop Guiding Principles to inform Council discussions for
the planning process. The implications and definition of public benefits were
raised with respect to many development projects. That discussion would
inform the discussion of 27 University Avenue.

Council Member Schmid asked when the study session would be held.

Council Member Price would defer to Staff for a logical sequence of
meetings. Both the study session and the Policy and Services Committee
discussions should occur before official launch of the planning process. The
PC Zoning discussion was critical. The Guiding Principle discussion was
important as it related to the planning process.

Council Member Schmid expressed concerns regarding the timing of
meetings and the Council meeting in August.

Council Member Burt supported holding a study session with the Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC).

Council Member Price explained that the Planned Community (PC) Zoning
issue arose time and time again, but the Council did not set it as an Agenda
Item. It applied to so many projects, and the Council needed to discuss the
issues.

Council Member Burt indicated the study session would not precede the
Council considering the framework.
                                                                            Page 5 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
