                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein felt the risk of litigation was minor compared to the
risk of extensive delays to the neighborhood. Staff recommended the
Council not specify a penalty amount at the current time; however, adopting
Staff's recommendations would specify a penalty.

Mr. Williams explained the Municipal Code specified penalties, and those
penalties were before the Council at the current time. To recommend a
higher penalty without having the PC zoning discussion, where the Council
had broader authority, did not seem to be appropriate.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff was not recommending a penalty of
$10,000.

Mr. Williams stated Staff was not recommending a penalty of $10,000 as a
final answer.

Council Member Klein believed discussing the penalty with the SEIR would
only delay the process. He inquired whether the Council could create a
framework for determining the penalty in the current discussion, and include
that framework within Motions.

Ms. Stump indicated the Council could provide general direction to Staff at
the current time, if that was what he meant by framework. If the Council
wanted to make that part of the PC Ordinance, then it was best to resolve
and impose a penalty as part of the amendment to the PC Ordinance.

Council Member Berman stated the community was frustrated by and
distrusted the PC process. The Council was obligated to ensure these types
of violations were not taken lightly. He wanted to understand how the
demolition of Building 1 occurred after years of negotiating the Project.

Mr. Tze hired a Construction Manager with experience in saving historic
buildings, and relied on the Construction Manager to supervise the Project.
Once the buildings were opened, they discovered many unexpected and
extensive problems. Beyond that, he was unclear why Building 1 was
demolished.

Council Member Holman referenced Staff Report page 384 regarding the
stop work order being issued on September 9; however, neighbors provided
photographs the day or the day after that the building had been demolished.
She expressed concerns that proceeding with construction of more than the
grocery store would foreclose some options and alternatives for Building 1,
Building 2, and other site improvements. The recommendations seemed to
be out of sequence.

03-04-2013                                                         112- 349
