Fiber to the Premises will:

            Satisfy community demand for higher Internet speeds
            Be cost effective for users
            Attract startups to Palo Alto
            Retain existing businesses
            Reduce vehicle traffic by increasing telecommuting
            Provide a backbone for public Wi-Fi infrastructure
            Improve our emergency preparedness
            And position our city firmly in the future.

Fiber is the key to ensuring Palo Alto’s long-term position as the Leading
Digital City of the Future.

Conclusion
In 2008, then Mayor Larry Klein’s theme for the year was “Taking Care of
Business.” Mayor Klein closed his State of the City speech indicating that in
the year 2027, he expected the then Mayor of Palo Alto to thank us for the
City’s sound financial footing, the public safety building and library system
and the steps we took to help avoid a global warming catastrophe. Well, as
you will see, we have been taking care of business. We have also been
planning and acting to ensure that the future is bright for Palo Alto. It is
2013, not 2027, and the City has a sound financial future. However, this
could change quickly, if we do not stay on the path to creating and
maintaining a fiscally sustainable future by continuing to work with our
employees on comprehensive and structural benefit reform. We are leading
the charge against climate change. Our comprehensive rebuilding of our
library system is nearing completion, and we have pathways to a potential
new public safety building. But we cannot rest. There is always more to be
done.

At the end of 2013, I want us all to be able to look back and say wow, we
accomplished a lot. We tackled the hard issues and the lingering issues, we
celebrated our accomplishments, we looked deep into the future and we
have done much. Utilizing the best of the Palo Alto Process, which to me is
its transparency, openness and inclusivity, coupled with strong community
engagement, we can ensure that going forward our decisions enhance the
attractiveness and livability of downtown, that we demand great architecture
and urban design, that we increase and preserve our retail, that we insist on
great public art, that we solve our parking issues and that our downtown
continues to set the standard by which others are judged.




                                     16
