                               MINUTES
Hamilton Avenue, 429 University Avenue, 640 Waverley Street, 500
University Avenue, 301 High Street as listed in Table Six of the Staff Report.

Council Member Klein wished to refute the Mayor's arguments with respect
to pipeline projects. He was concerned because the City's integrity was at
stake. The City had a policy that projects in the application process had
some rights, and the Council should not change that policy to remove those
rights. The Council had an overriding obligation to be fair to people.

Vice Mayor Shepherd did not support giving away free parking. The Council
needed to adjust to the knowledge-based economy by building garages in
Downtown and building up Downtown infrastructure.

Council Member Kniss commented that consistency and predictability made a
City successful. The City apparently did not know how to handle success
and needed a long-term solution to a cyclical problem.

Council Member Holman felt it was reasonable to support the Motion. The
Council had a practice, rather than a policy, not to include pipeline projects.
The practice as changed in 2012 was appropriate to follow in this situation.
Fairness was important. With the Council's discussion of parking issues over
the past year, applicants had to know changes were coming.

Mayor Scharff concurred with Council Member Holman's comments. If the
Council moved forward with the new approach, then people would have the
sense of consistency. It was important for the Council to address parking
solutions. Each project should pay its fair share for parking.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION FAILED 4-5 Klein, Shepherd, Kniss, Price yes

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND THE SECONDER to add to 2b and 2c “to have Staff return with
replacement incentives for historic and seismic bonus” to read as follows:

   b. Delete    Sections   18.18.090(b)(1)(B),     18.52.070(a)(1)(B)  and
      18.52.070(a)(1)(C)(i) to eliminate the parking exemption for on-site
      use of Historic and Seismic Bonus and to have Staff return with
      replacement incentives for historic and seismic bonus.
   c. Amend Section 18.18.080(g) to remove the on-site parking exemption
      for floor area bonuses derived through historic and seismic upgrades
      via the transfer of development rights (TDR) program (where up to
      5,000 square feet (SF) of floor area for each type of upgrade is
      allowed for receiver sites in the CD or downtown PC zoning districts)

                                                                         Page 27 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/21/13
