                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid believed the recommendations were not clear with
respect to the roles and responsibilities of Council Members. He suggested
including a Liaison's responsibility to describe Council actions, to provide
some institutional memory, and to provide context and scope of discussion.
Those elements would provide specific roles for Liaisons other than simply
observing meetings. He inquired whether there was a time and place for
Liaisons to share information from meetings with Council Members.

Council Member Holman suggested adding to Section 2.4 C, Tier 1, "Liaison
should act as a resource and not participate as a Board or Commission
Member."

Council Member Klein proposed alternative language that a Liaison should
act as a resource and not participate in the discussion on any Motion before
the Board or Commission.

Mayor Scharff would not accept that language. Boards and Commissions
discussed topics for which the Council had a policy position, and the Liaison
should participate in the discussion to explain the Council's position.

Council Member Klein stated the Liaison could act as a resource, but should
not influence voting.

Mayor Scharff indicated the revisions included language that Liaisons should
not provide their personal opinions. He requested Council Member Klein
restate the proposed language addressing his concern.

Council Member Klein reiterated that the Council Liaison should act as a
resource only and not participate in the discussion of any matter before the
Board or Commission.

Council Member Holman felt the language she proposed prohibited a Council
Member from participating as a Board or Commission Member.

Council Member Klein disagreed, because the Council Liaison was not
participating as a Board or Commission member; he was participating as a
Council Member. He did not want Council Members trying to influence
Boards and Commissions.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff
to add to 2.4 C “Liaison should act as a resource and not participate as a
Board or Commission Member.”

Council Member Kniss reported language at the top of page 671 regarding
                                                                           Page 12 of 18
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 4/15/13
