                               MINUTES
employees was to move into the Social Security System. He wanted to see
alternatives to CalPERS.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked Staff to define the bargaining table, and explain
how the bargaining process worked.

Mr. Keene explained the Council made decisions on behalf of the City,
approved transactions, and set policy. The majority of that work did not
translate to informing specific actions for bargaining with labor unions. The
Council's primary responsibility was to set the direction for the community
and to act on issues. State and federal laws governed bargaining and
communications with unions relating to conditions of employment.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the City could not influence CalPERS investment
strategies. She was surprised by the rules that constrained the Council from
setting policy for labor bargaining. She asked Staff to explain the rules for
implementing pension tiers.

Ms. Shen reported the tier established by PEPRA was 2 percent at age 62 for
Non-Safety Employees.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the City could implement another
tier.

Ms. Shen answered no. In 2018, the City could bargain and impose the cost
sharing provisions of PEPRA.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to direct Staff to:     1) explore additional pension legislation with our
Legislators and other parties (such as the League of California Cities) to
close remaining loopholes and to give cities broader decision making power
in regards to their pension plans; and 2) continue to work with City
employees and the public to fully understand the facts about pensions and
the status of the City’s efforts to manage costs and provision of benefits
while maintaining a talented work force.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the Motion was the Council's only action, and was
responsive to Council Member Schmid's comments.

Mr. Keene reiterated the cost estimate to leave CalPERS was $600 million to
$1 billion. In addition, the City would have to capitalize any new pension
plan. Any improvements or changes would require legislation or the ability
to influence CalPERS rules and interpretations. It would be challenging to
pursue changes.
                                                                       Page 15 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
