                               MINUTES
once the Registrar of Voters set them. A standalone all-mail ballot was a
legal option; although, it had not been utilized previously in Palo Alto.

Candice Gonzalez, Executive Director of Palo Alto Housing Corporation
(PAHC), believed the Maybell Avenue Project (Project) was inherently good
and would benefit the community. The Council made changes to the Project
for the benefit of the neighborhood. Almost all senior housing in Palo Alto
existed under PC Zones. Delaying the Project would be a disservice to lower
income seniors; therefore, she requested the Council place the referendum
on the ballot on November 5, 2013.

Michael Maurier stated the City's participation in the Project raised concerns
regarding conflict of interest. Changing the zoning was a betrayal of the
neighborhood residents. The City utilized the PC loophole to undermine
residential property owners' interests and quality of life.

Ken Scholz supported senior housing; however, the Council and PAHC did
not fully protect the neighborhood. He proposed the Council rescind the
decisions, not hold a special election and return to negotiations with
neighborhood residents.

Bob Moss preferred the Council rescind the Ordinance and Resolution, and
allow the Project to proceed under existing zoning. The PC Zoning violated
several provisions of the Comprehensive Plan. Mr. Tim Wong's June 18,
2013 letter stated the Council approved funding of $7,320,220; however,
the Council approved only $5.8 million. Mr. Wong's June 26, 2013 letter
indicated the Council approved the needed zoning; however, June 26, 2013
was two days prior to the second reading of the Ordinance and 32 days prior
to the effective date of the Ordinance.

Timothy Gray wished to work together to build senior housing without
disposing of protections provided by the Comprehensive Plan. Development
should honor the Comprehensive Plan, and zoning should preserve the
quality of life.

Soroor Ebnesajjad reviewed PAHC's tax credit application and found it did
not include funds from development of the market-rate housing. PAHC
struggled to identify a grocery store and medical clinic within a reasonable
distance of the Project.

Laszlo Tokes indicated neighborhood residents provided several reasons for
the Council not to approve the rezoning of the Project. The only sensible
alternatives were to rescind the rezoning or have PAHC withdraw its
application.
                                                                           Page 3 of 9
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 8/8/13
