                               MINUTES

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.    Presentation From Lisa Hendrickson Regarding Avenidas.

Lisa Hendrickson reported Avenidas was concerned with assisting mid-
Peninsula older adult’s age in place and maintain independence. Avenidas
began in 1978 with a public-private partnership. In 1978, the City provided
30 percent of Avenidas' budget, and currently provided approximately 10
percent.    Avenidas coordinated services with many different organizations.
The Avenidas Rose Kliner Adult Day Center in Mountain View offered adult
day healthcare and adult daycare. Avenidas was a comprehensive resource
for older adults who wished to maintain their independence. Membership
was not required, except for Avenidas Village, a newer program. A range of
services was also available for less independent adults and their caregivers.
Avenidas held informational conferences for the public on Saturdays.
Workshops were available to provide information, guidance, and community
resources. The Mountain View center provided the first adult day healthcare
in Santa Clara County. Avenidas was the birthplace of the Health Insurance
Counseling and Advocacy Program (HICAP), a volunteer-based counseling
service to assist with Medicare issues.       Avenidas began a non-profit
organization, Helps, for reverse mortgages. The Avenidas Fitness Camp was
being replicated across the United States. The public-private partnership
with the City of Palo Alto was innovative, and inspired other cities to
consider similar partnerships. Avenidas served more than 6,000 people
annually, approximately half were Palo Alto residents; had more than 31 Full
Time Equivalent employees; had more than 500 volunteers; and had a $4.1
million operating budget with nominal government funding. The over-65
population comprised 17 percent of the total population in Palo Alto.
Approximately one-third of the population in Palo Alto was age 55 or older.
Avenidas' facilities needed updating and expanding.

She also wanted to secure a facility in a different part of town, preferably
south Palo Alto. The idea was a wellness center designed for and focused on
older adults. Avenidas had three partners for such a facility, but was looking
for another partner with the land component. She invited the Council and
public to visit an Avenidas facility.

2.    Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for          the   Public   Art
      Commission for One Term Ending on April 30, 2015.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to interview all candidates for the Public Art Commission for one unexpired
term ending on April 30, 2015.

01-14-2013                                                           112- 171
