                          DRAFT MINUTES
intersection of Newell Road and Edgewood Drive in response to concerns
related to traffic control compliance, parking, and pedestrian visibility. The
Police Department was issuing warnings to vehicles parked in the new no-
parking areas, and would begin issuing formal citations the following week.
In the spring, Staff would consider focused traffic calming projects on Newell
Road between Edgewood Drive and Channing Avenue. As part of the Newell
Road Bridge Project, the City completed a scope of work for a traffic impact
analysis of the project. Neighbors Abroad would celebrate 50 years of Sister
City friendship on Saturday, February 9, 2013, from 2:00 P.M. to 5:00 P.M.,
at the Lucie Stern Community Center Ballroom. At the Council Retreat on
February 2, 2013, the Council adopted Priorities of Infrastructure Strategy
and Investment, The Future of Downtown and California Avenue with a focus
on transportation, parking, urban design and livability, and Technology and
the Connected City.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Stephanie Munoz objected to the State telling cities they had to have 2,000
more housing units in a built-out city. The City was now proposing to evict
residents of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.          The Council should
reconsider the proposal for rezoning the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park,
negotiate with the State regarding more housing, and offer developers the
option to build high rises on part of the property.

Wynn Grcich spoke about Dr. Wynn Parker's interview with Lauren Morrette
on February 3, 2008, regarding depleted uranium in drinking water.
Chlorine was directly related to breast cancer and leukemia.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2 and 3.

2.   Budget Amendment Ordinance 5184 to Close FY 2012 Budget and
     Authorize Reappropriations into FY 2013 Budget; Close Completed
     Capital Improvement Projects and Transfer Remaining Balances to
     Reserves; Approve the City’s FY 2012 Comprehensive Annual Financial
     Report (CAFR).

3.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept the Macias Gini &
     O’Conell’s (LLP) Financial Statements and Management Letter.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

                                                                          Page 2 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
