                                MINUTES
Mr. Arp reported having a construction contract in place by April would allow
two to three months of lead time to order materials. Construction of a cap
could require three months for completion.

James Keene, City Manager felt the timeframe was tight.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff request the regulatory agency
approve postponing the capping for more than 12 months. He inquired
about the role the Legislature could play with regard to appealing a
regulatory agency denial.

Molly Stump, City Attorney indicated Staff had not looked that far into the
future. Staff could review a legislative approach if needed. The initial
conversation regarding an appeal concerned violation of an existing order,
not whether a different order should be in place.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the community's vote for capping the
landfill created a different situation from the ordinary capping of a landfill.

Ms. Stump stated the City was still in the role of being a subordinate unit of
the State and subject to State-wide laws of general concern. Popular vote
was helpful, but would not be dispositive.

Mr. Keene noted regulatory enforcement related to capping issues was often
driven by a jurisdiction simply delaying capping, which presented a public
health hazard. Palo Alto did not have that situation. He felt the regulatory
agency would be more likely to support a delay in capping in order to utilize
alternative technology.

Council Member Klein hoped this issue would be included in Staff's briefing
of Legislators.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff was apprehensive about
regulatory approval of reconstructing the cap for a 10-acre site.

Mr. Bobel answered yes. Any removal and reinstallation of a cap was a
concern for regulatory agencies. Larger areas provoked greater concerns.

Council Member Burt asked how many acres of the 51 acres could be capped
without requiring a removal should 10 acres be needed.




01-14-2013                                                           112- 183
