Wi-Fi hot spots such as Cogswell Plaza will encourage the use of the park by
a range of community members and enable us to have small outdoor
Hackathons in the park. At these Hackathons, software engineers will be
able to help build technological solutions for the City.

The long-term goal would be to provide free high speed Wi-Fi in all of our
City parks and other areas of the City. To this end, Council has directed
staff to study the City’s wireless service needs, and to potentially construct
and operate a wireless tower system that enhances wireless coverage in Palo
Alto. A wireless consultant has recently been engaged to develop a proposal
and to report back to Council within 6 months.

In mid-2012, the City of Palo Alto deployed an open data platform that the
executive director of the International City Managers Association (ICMA)
described as, “…one of the country’s most ambitious community open-data
sites.” This site, accessible via http://data.cityofpaloalto.org, makes Palo
Alto City data more easily accessible to a wide range of stakeholders. If a
person is looking for library use data or recent building permits, this is the
place to go. We’ve seen at least one useful application built off this platform
and we expect many more in the months ahead. This open government
initiative has received significant national and international attention for the
implementation method and value it brings to our community.

Building on the open data principle, the City also launched an award-winning
open government platform for the City’s financial data. This Open Budget
platform makes it very easy to access and view five years of Palo Alto’s
financial information. Recently, the City’s Chief Financial Officer, Lalo Perez,
accepted the 2013 Innovation Award from the California Municipal Finance
Officer’s Association for our City team’s work on Open Budget.

The City has been receiving considerable coverage for much of this
technology work. Media outlets including our local press (the Palo Alto
Weekly), national publications such as Governing and CNN Money, and other
outlets such as CBS and Mashable, have covered our successes and
innovative use of technology in government.

The City also needs to secure and build technological infrastructure,
communications systems and information security capabilities that will
ensure that the City has the technology it needs to make government more
efficient, provide tools for enhanced service delivery, lower costs, provide
transparency and encourage citizen engagement. Our goal is to provide high
performance services in a consistent and cost-effective manner to our
employees and the public with systems that are current, well maintained,


                                      14
