                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether any proposals had been made.

Assemblyman Gordon remarked that social services were a topic of
conversation in the Democratic caucus, particularly with respect to restoring
services. If additional funds continued to be available, then additional
funding would be a priority.

Council Member Berman noted Assemblyman Gordon was instrumental in
creating a Legislative Committee to study the impacts of climate changes on
sea level rise.     He requested Assemblyman Gordon comment on the
Committee's efforts.

Assemblyman Gordon requested a select Committee be formed to study sea
level rise and the California economy. The Committee held two meetings to
gather basic information and to review issues related to agriculture, fishing,
tourism and State parks. In late October another hearing would be held to
discuss the effects of sea level rise on infrastructure. The Committee hoped
to issue a report at the end of the year based on the study, which would lead
to suggestions for legislation.

Council Member Klein asked if Assemblyman Gordon was familiar with
Florida's study of sea level rise.

Assemblyman Gordon reported the Committee gathered information on
efforts in other states. New Jersey provided information with respect to
Super Storm Sandy. He requested Council Member Klein provide him with
any information he received.

Council Member Klein congratulated the Legislature for restructuring the
school finance system.

Assemblyman Gordon worked to ensure the new funding formula did not
unduly harm districts funded with local tax dollars. Hopefully the new
formula would assist children in difficult communities.

Council Member Klein asked if there was any prospect for changing the
Revenue and Taxation Code to decrease dependence on income tax receipts.

Assemblyman Gordon felt there was an interest in that topic in the long
term. As 2014 was an election year, it probably would not be discussed in
2014. The California tax system was dysfunctional in that it was highly
dependent on volatile sources of income; personal income tax and sales tax.
Communities that relied on property tax had greater stability. Perhaps the
Legislature would have that conversation in 2015.
                                                                         Page 4 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/16/13
