                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene explained at times the City's pension tiers provided a competitive
disadvantage in hiring employees. The City needed to minimize costs while
continuing to attract quality employees.

Mr. Perez clarified that an applicant covered by a CalPERS reciprocity
agreement would fall in the pension tier of 2 percent at age 60.

Council Member Burt reminded colleagues that the medical retiree benefit
was greater for an early retiree. The Finance Committee discussed review of
compensation and raises based on total compensation, but deferred the
conversation to a later time.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
that Palo Alto Community Childcare and Avenidas get the same percentage
increase in HSRAP funding as other agencies on paragraph 5 on slide 8.

Council Member Klein explained that Palo Alto Community Childcare (PACC)
and Avenidas operated programs for Palo Alto that other cities administered
themselves. He suggested PACC and Avenidas should be separated from the
HSRAP process. Until then, they should be treated the same as other HSRAP
agencies.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was disappointed that Avenidas and PACC received
less funding, although the Finance Committee did not provide specific
direction to HRC. Having Avenidas and PACC provide services was more
efficient than the City providing them. The Council should consider some
type of cost of living increase for HSRAP funding.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the additional funds would be
taken from the $31,000 Budget surplus.

Council Member Klein replied yes. PACC and Avenidas should receive the
same percentage increase as the other agencies.

Mr. Keene would provide the amount of additional funds at the meeting on
June 10, 2013.

Council Member Holman agreed with increasing HSRAP funding in general,
and hoped to increase HSRAP funds to equal 1 percent of the operating
budget.

Council Member Schmid noted the Finance Committee requested HRC
consider changes in allocations to the agencies and expected information
from HRC as to why the current allocation process was incorrect. He
                                                                          Page 27 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
