Council Member Kniss felt there was value to submitting proposals, having
them rejected, and submitting them again. The City was promoting the
projects it felt were needed. A grant application would be reviewed by a
number of different committees, and the process would be judgmental.

Council Member Price stated if an application was rejected, then Staff could
use the same information for future applications and negotiations with other
parties. Politically, the likelihood of Project Number 9 succeeding was quite
low given the competition for limited transportation dollars.

Council Member Klein inquired about the cost per item to prepare an
application.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the City paid consultants approximately $5,000-
$7,000 per grant proposal, and probably the same amount in Staff time for
in-house proposals. He estimated a total cost of $7,000-$10,000 for each
project.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION:          Council Member Klein moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to delete Project Numbers 3, 8, and 9.

Council Member Klein felt this was not a good use of funds. Project Number
3 had not been presented to the Council, and he did not want to apply for
money for a project that had not been vetted through the usual process.

Council Member Schmid indicated the danger was giving the decision making
process to a regional body with no further input from the City. The City was
not ready to make a commitment for Project Numbers 3, 8, and 9.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff would return to the Council with
information once scoring was complete.

Mr. Rodriguez noted applications would be reviewed by several committees
as part of the process.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff would return to the Council for
direction on whether to withdraw or continue applications after scoring was
complete.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff would return to the Council. The OBAG process
was new, and OBAG wanted projects to return to the local agencies for
submission of a Resolution. The Council would review the projects prior to
VTA recommending projects for funding.



                                  20                    February 11, 2013
