amount of $49 million would exceed the amount of funding available within
the County. Staff recommended submitting all projects in order to obtain as
many dollars as possible for Palo Alto. There was no limit on the number of
projects the City could submit, and no cap on the amount of funds the City
could request. These were active projects, with some in the planning phase.
Many projects stemmed from development of the Comprehensive Plan
Transportation Element. The Program required a significant local match of
funds. The City would advance all funds and seek reimbursement on an
expense basis. If all proposed projects were awarded, then Staff estimated
the City would need to fund approximately $74 million and seek
reimbursement of $45 million. Proposals were due March 5, 2013. Staff
was refining cost estimates. Staff made an effort to give projects to every
part of the City.     The Traffic Signal project would touch every signal
throughout the City. Staff focused heavily on the arterial corridor along El
Camino Real to improve connectivity for transit and pedestrians, and to
improve capacity for the roadway. There were basically three types of
projects. Infrastructure-focused projects to increase capacity or improve the
roadway for vehicles, bikes and pedestrians. Transit-specific projects would
increase capacity within the community.         There were also streetscape
projects.     Staff drew a clear distinction between infrastructure and
streetscape as part of this program. He provided a brief explanation of the
scoring process. All projects had a local match requirement of 20-30
percent. Staff recommended utilizing the local match requirement as a
negotiation tool in the scoring process. The Valley Transportation Authority
(VTA) indicated to all member agencies that it planned to expedite the
process, because the VTA had to recommend projects to MTC by June 2013.
Staff anticipated all proposed projects would meet the minimum scoring
criteria.   Staff recommended the Council discuss the projects without
prioritizing them. As the Council directed, Staff would develop proposals and
submit them by March 5, 2013.

James Keene, City Manager noted the City would not be downgraded for any
proposals it submitted. A technical review process would score proposals
and determine those proposals eligible to move forward. After that, the VTA
Board would make recommendations. After VTA recommendations occurred,
Staff could report to the Council regarding any actions needed to better
position the City to be effective.

Penny Ellson supported the Arastradero Road Corridor and Charleston Road
Corridor improvements on the list of projects. The grant application should
clearly state how those two projects met eligibility requirements in all of the
transportation improvement categories. She asked the Council to prioritize
the Traffic Signal System improvements, the Adobe Creek/Highway 101
Bicycle-Pedestrian Bridge, and the Community Shuttle Shelter and Route
Extension.
                                   14                    February 11, 2013
