                                MINUTES
Jessica Roth stressed the importance of completing the Project correctly the
first time.   The Project would impact a large amount of people and
businesses. Lights would be located in the middle of the expanded sidewalk.
Existing light posts were an eyesore. She recommended Option 2a, the
most ideal design option.

Todd Burke preferred Option 2, because the street and sidewalk needed
lighting and the existing fixtures were not attractive. Brighter lighting would
provide a safer environment.

Fred Balin related the background of California Avenue improvements. He
was concerned about the impact to trees in the line of street lights.

Robert Moss reported Staff's table of costs did not include $1 million for
lighting and the cost of reconfiguring the street. The actual cost of California
Avenue improvements as proposed would be more than $5 million. The
total cost for the Project should be capped at $2.5 million, and any elements
over that amount should be eliminated.

Herb Borock recalled the proposed public benefits for the VTA parking lot
project at 2755 El Camino Real included street lighting. The Council should
postpone the discussion of street lighting until it received an application for
the proposed Planned Community district at the corner of El Camino Real
and Page Mill Road.

Cedric deLaBeaujardier supported updating street lighting now rather than
later in order to save money. He hoped placement of lights would be
coordinated with existing trees. He suggested adding compost bins to the
trash and recycling bins.

Jack Morton, President of California Avenue Business Association and former
Vice Mayor stated the Project would proceed without regard to businesses'
concerns around widening sidewalks. Lighting should fit the new sidewalks
and trees. Merchants suggested lighting be part of the upgrade.

Council Member Burt reiterated the cost of $700,000 to widen sidewalks was
in addition to the original estimate of $1.4 million. He agreed with removing
street repaving from the budget for the Project, and asked if paving would
be coordinated with this Project.

Mr. Keene noted funds for repaving were set aside in a separate account.




03-04-2013                                                            112- 361
