                                MINUTES

Mr. Rodriguez explained that Staff viewed the program as traffic calming,
and traffic calming guidelines typically utilized 70 percent. Guidelines for an
RPP program used 51 percent for parking.

Mr. Aknin did not have the information on the parking lots when preparing
the Staff Report.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff had asked the City of East
Palo Alto about the legality of charging for a parking space separate from the
unit rental.

Mr. Aknin answered no. Charging separately was a common practice for
rental units located near transit stations. It was a bit unusual for rental
units isolated from transit to charge separately for parking spaces. Staff
could inquire with the East Palo Alto City Manager.

Council Member Holman asked if street sweeping could occur during the
2:00 A.M. to 5:00 A.M. timeframe.

Mr. Rodriguez would inquire about the issue with the Public Works
Department.

Council Member Holman expressed concern about the cost of a parking
permit being too low. If the cost was too low, then residents would simply
purchase permits to park in front of their homes.

Mr. Aknin would monitor that effect during the trial period.        Pricing the
permit was difficult to gauge.

Council Member Holman hoped Staff would contact the City of East Palo Alto
as well as the property owners to report the Council's action.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood Equity Partners purchased additional rental
units in East Palo Alto. Staff should open a dialog with the City of East Palo
Alto and the property owners. She inquired about parking on Woodland
Drive.

Mr. Rodriguez would talk with the City of East Palo Alto the parking situation.
He understood East Palo Alto restricted parking along Woodland Drive
because of flooding in the area. Portions of Woodland Drive did not meet
federal guidelines for parking.


                                                                           Page 9 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 8/12/13
