                    MINUTES
initial study. The Mitigation Monitoring Plan was not circulated with the
original proposed Negative Declaration.

Robert Moss did not support the TDR policy. Parking for the Project was
grossly underestimated. The building was not well designed.

Paul Machado felt the Project was under-parked. The Project contributed to
parking and traffic issues.

Chris Donlay supported the appeal and urged the Council to return the
Project to the ARB and Staff for major revision. Findings for the Project
were based on false data.

Arthur Liberman stated the Comprehensive Plan should inform land-use
decisions, not justify them. Only elements of the Comprehensive Plan that
supported the Project were addressed in the Staff Report. The cumulative
assessment of traffic should also be addressed.

Rob Steinberg felt it would be a shame to limit architecture to its lowest
common denominator.

E. Filseth provided photos of parking near his residence.      On-street and
illegal parking created traffic and safety problems.

Sally-Ann Rudd indicated the Project was inadequately parked, and the
traffic analysis was inadequate. Development projects should be required to
provide a cumulative traffic analysis.

Janice Berman remarked that people avoided Downtown because of the lack
of parking. Downtown companies would eventually leave the area.

Richard Brand could accept retail space rather than office space in the
Project. Office space would create more parking problems.

Tom DuBois shared personal observations regarding the review and
notification process. The report was not objective. The Council should
maximize opportunities for citizen participation.

Elaine Meyer did not believe the Project was compatible with the surrounding
area. It appeared that the ARB deferred to the Project architect.

Alex Giovannotto as developer of the Project wished to transform a lifeless
street corner into a lively and beautiful area. The Project was sized and
proportioned for retail use.
                                                                        Page 33 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
