                                MINUTES
to adequately compensate the City for its expenses.

Mr. Saccio indicated the reimbursement amount was fair.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

7.    Policy and Services Committee Recommends Adoption of an Ordinance
      to Add Chapter 16.61 to the Municipal Code to Establish a Public Art
      Program for Private Development, and Policy Direction to Initiate a
      Public Art Master Planning Process.

Rhyena Halpern, Assistant Director Community Services, presented a
proposal to expand the policy of 1 percent for public art to include private
developments. On April 8, 2013, the Council directed Staff to explore the
development of the 1 percent Ordinance for private developments. On
October 8, 2013, the Policy and Services Committee (Committee)
unanimously approved a recommendation for the Council. The intent of the
Ordinance for public and private development was to reflect the creative and
vibrant community that lived, worked, and visited Palo Alto and to
encourage a variety of art experiences that enhanced the visual landscape.
Approximately 50 cities in California had a public art policy for private
development. A common practice was to offer an in-lieu fee option for
developers, which allowed the financing of larger and more significant
artworks. Most cities required artworks to be visible to the public at least 40
hours per week.

Elise DeMarzo, Management Specialist, indicated the Ordinance would apply
to new commercial developments, additions, or reconstructions requiring
architectural review both over 10,000 square feet and with a minimum
construction valuation of $200,000.       The developer had the choice of
commissioning artwork at the development site or paying an in-lieu fee to
fund larger, more impactful artwork throughout the City. Developers wanted
to ensure a clear process existed and to ensure the resources to implement
a project were available.       Staff worked to ensure the process was
streamlined as much as possible. Additional project management assistance
would be available to developers, with the cost of assistance being paid
through the 1 percent allocation. Through the fall and winter of 2013, Staff
would complete the approval process, refine the policy and documents for
developers, create a pool of artists as a resource for developers, and begin
the implementation of the Ordinance. In the fall of 2014, Staff anticipated
engaging the public in the Public Art Master Planning process.



                                                                          Page 8 of 12
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 11/12/13
