                        WORKING MINUTES

Mr. Bobel reported that was his personal experience.

Council Member Burt felt there was a penalty amount between $0.10 and
$0.25 that would encourage residents to obtain only the number of paper
bags needed.

Ms. Weiss noted the chief complaint was loss of free bags for use as trash
can liners; however, bags were not really free. The Ordinance would require
merchants to show the price of a bag on the receipt, and provide the option
of not paying a charge or purchasing plastic trash can liners.

Council Member Burt asked why consumers should pay $0.25 rather than
$0.10.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff attempted to strike a balance between having Palo
Alto be a leader and being consistent with other cities. Most other cities
charged $0.25. Retail businesses indicated inconsistent bag charges among
cities were a problem.

Council Member Burt did not understand the difficulty of different charges
among cities for retail establishments.

Mr. Bobel stated the public process indicated a consistent charge was
important.

Council Member Burt inquired whether pricing uniformity was as important
as policy uniformity.

Mr. Bobel responded yes.

Council Member Burt noted the Council had heard the rationale of
incentivizing retail in Palo Alto in other issues. It was a question of striking a
balance between that rationale, and causing behavior change.

Ms. Weiss reported a San Jose study estimated a $0.10 charge would cause
about 65 percent of consumers to convert to reusable bags, and a $0.25
charge would cause approximately 89 percent to convert. Recent analysis
confirmed those estimates.

Council Member Burt believed an important second question was attitudinal
change. At some point, the community could resent the imposition of a fee
and, consequently, not support other issues. He requested Staff's rationale
for delaying implementation of the fee for restaurants.
                                                                             Page 8 of 16
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                Working Minutes: 3/11/13
