                       WORKING MINUTES
Clare Malone-Pritchard, Architectural Review Board Commissioner, provided
a summary of the items discussed with the Planning & Transportation
Commission (P&TC) during a joint meeting in July of 2013. The topics of
discussion brought forward to the Council were sidewalk widths and the El
Camino Real guidelines with respect to the Zoning Code.

Lee Lippert, Architectural Review Board Commissioner, noted wider
sidewalks would not necessarily resolve all of the issues along El Camino
Real. There needed to be locations along El Camino Real where pedestrians
would want to walk. The goals were a walkable destination within a half-mile
distance, a sense of activity such as a higher level of ground floor retail
along the street, and the final item was a sense of safety. The zoning was
underutilized along the street which left the opportunity open for
development. There were two Hilton hotels coming online shortly and his
hope was for the Council to visualize the density capability of the current
hotels along the street and realize their potential for remodeling. He
suggested the City deed the alley rights off El Camino Real between Barron
Park and Military Way to the businesses so they could possibility increase
their Floor Area Ratio (FAR).

Council Member Kniss asked if the alleyway was associated with the Happy
Doughnut area.

Commissioner Lippert stated it was.

Alexander Lew, Architectural Review Board Commissioner, directed the
Council’s attention to the South El Camino Guidelines which expressed the El
Camino Real area was too large for a pedestrian oriented destination. The
Palo Alto Zoning Code established separation of the area with the
Neighborhood Commercial (CN) and the Commercial Services (CS) zoning.
Issues brought to the attention of the ARB and P&TC have been the zero
buffers between the buildings and the sidewalks, the blank walls along the
street view, and the lack of entry doors. A number of the buildings were
private gyms and indoor pools which did not allow access to the public. He
agreed the concept of a wider sidewalk would improve the “porch area”
between the building and the walkway for pedestrians.

Randy Popp, Architectural Review Board Commissioner, noticed there was a
range of zones along the El Camino Real Corridor and some of them were
appropriate for pedestrian access and some were not. It was important to
realize there were areas that were not capable of possessing the pedestrian
vitality one might imagine. His view of the proposal was to create context
and life in residential areas where access was important. He was in
agreement with idea of widening and beautifying the corridor although he
                                                                           Page 2 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
