                            MINUTES
Council Member Holman was concerned that the meeting was closed, and
inquired whether the Council was expected to approve any compromise
resulting from negotiations.

Council Member Klein reported the Council was not bound by an agreement
resulting from the negotiations. If the PAHC agreed to the terms of a
compromise, then most likely the Council would adopt those terms. The
parties were not public entities; therefore, an open meeting was not
required. Holding negotiations in an open forum would constrain the ability
of the parties to reach an agreement.

Mayor Scharff   asked   PAHC    if   it   was   interested   in   participating         in
negotiations.

Ms. Gonzales was open to discussions with the understanding PAHC had to
meet the tax credit application deadline. She reiterated Council Member
Price's concern that the designees were not representative of the general
neighborhood.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether PAHC supported the Motion to Continue to
allow negotiations between the parties.

Ms. Gonzales would support the Motion to Continue if the Council would
agree to hold a special meeting for a second reading of the Ordinance in
June.

Mayor Scharff would attempt to schedule a meeting for June 27, 2013;
however, he was unsure if five Council Members would be available to attend
the meeting.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested the Mayor determine if five Council Members
would attend a meeting on June 27.

Mayor Scharff requested Council Members indicate by a show of hands
whether they were available for a meeting on June 27, 2013.

Council Member Klein indicated he could participate by telephone.

Donna Grider, City Clerk,      reported     telephone   participation       was      not
acceptable for a quorum.

Mayor Scharff announced five Council Members would attend a Council
meeting on June 27.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether public comment would be allowed at
the June 17 meeting.
                                                                              Page 16 of 30
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                    Final Minutes: 6/13/13
