                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt recalled the Council considered a ban on non-resident
parking the prior year in a smaller area, and asked what percentage of the
Downtown map was comprised of the smaller area.

Mr. Rodriguez reported a majority of the Professorville area was included in
the map.

Council Member Klein noted the Council did not have a quorum with the
temporary absence of Council Member Price.

Council Member Burt believed advantages of the Santa Cruz program were
revenue from the sale of permits could pay for residents' permits; the
number of permits could be limited; and permits would allow variable
pricing.   Residents generally wanted a parking space at or near their
residence.

Council Member Schmid indicated parking permits were a near-term
solution. The program may require revisions once the Downtown
Development Cap Study provided information.

Council Member Price preferred having a simple and easily enforceable
program. A complex program could be difficult to implement.

Council Member Klein was aware developing and implementing a permit
program was difficult; however, permit programs were successfully utilized
in many other cities.

MOTION PASSED:           5-0   Berman,   Holman,   Scharff,   Shepherd        not
participating

Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Shepherd, and Council Members Berman and
Holman returned at 10:30 P.M.

12.   Infrastructure Committee Recommendation to Modify List of Projects
      Approved by Council for Public Opinion Research for a Potential
      Infrastructure Revenue Ballot Measure.

Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director Public Works, noted the Infrastructure
Committee (Committee) revised the Council's approved list of infrastructure
projects. Byxbee Park was removed from the list, because of uncertainty
regarding the composting facility.     The Cubberley Replacement and
Expansion Project was removed, because of the lack of time to review the
Cubberley Community Advisory Committee Report.             Staff analysis
determined the Post Office Project would not need additional funding. The
                                                                       Page 24 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
