                            MINUTES
2013.     Developmental Services revamped its website to provide all
construction-related information in one place.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Vice Mayor Shepherd attended the League of City's quarterly meeting, where
she learned about changes related to the California Environmental Quality
Act.

Council Member Schmid attended a meeting of the Santa Clara Valley Water
Board Council. In response to a review of advisory board complaints, the
Water Board abolished five of six advisory boards.

Council Member Kniss mentioned that several Council Members would attend
the National League of Cities conference in Seattle. Council Members could
learn about activities from around the nation at the conference.

Council Member Berman enjoyed judging the homecoming spirit dance and
floats along with Vice Mayor Shepherd at Palo Alto High School.

Mayor Scharff judged the annual Halloween costume contest hosted by
California Avenue merchants.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Warren Kirsch stated the intent of the Maybell Project was good. The long-
term benefits of constructing senior apartments on the Maybell site were
small when considered in light of alternatives. The Maybell Project did not
appear to be a bargain when considering alternatives for spending Federal,
State and County tax dollars.

Aram James reported the Stop the Ban Coalition reviewed many alternatives
to mitigate the harm of the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance. The City Councils
of Palo Alto, Mountain View, Sunnyvale and Atherton and public were invited
to attend a discussion on November 9, 2013 regarding the Santa Barbara
Safe Parking Program.

Jeff Levinsky indicated the Council would subsidize building projects by not
charging the correct amount of in-lieu parking fees. The amount of in-lieu
parking fees should also encompass the cost of land for parking spaces. He
urged the Council to consider a realistic price for in-lieu parking fees.



                                                                       Page 2 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/28/13
