                             MINUTES

Mr. Keene indicated it was a Standing Committee.

Mayor Scharff agreed it was a Standing Committee.

Council Member Burt said the full Council did not narrow the polling options.
In reviewing the Minutes, he believed the individual preferences of some
Committee Members determined the topics presented to the full Council. He
requested clarification as to how the data from the initial polling actually
informed that decision as opposed to the preferences or values of individual
Committee Members.

Council Member Klein reported the issue came up at the last Committee
meeting. The Committee did not make policy decisions. A poll could only
contain a limited number of topics. Based on information and advice from
professionals and Staff, the Committee identified areas for the consultant to
poll. In general, the advice was not to poll on topics that showed low levels
of support, with the exception of Sales Tax. With respect to Sales Tax, polling
for other agencies indicated much higher support for a Sales Tax, and the
consultant wondered whether the wording of the question was misleading to
respondents. Support for funding in any infrastructure measure for the
History Museum showed very low support; therefore, the History Museum was
not included in the second round of polling. The Committee refined the topics
for polling.

Vice Mayor Shepherd added that the consultant did provide the entire poll
results to the full Council. From that information, the Committee took the poll
results and worked with the City Manager and Ms. Tucker to refine areas for
the second poll.

Council Member Burt referred to the Staff Report of August 6, 2013, wherein
the recommendation was for the Committee to continue its discussion and
make recommendations to the Council on areas of further study for opinion
research. That recommendation was made before the second poll. He
interpreted that recommendation to mean the Committee was to make
recommendations to the Council regarding direction for the second round of
polling.

Mayor Scharff suggested Council Member Burt could offer Motions other than
the draft Motion if he disagreed with the direction.

Council Member Burt referenced his earlier question regarding action needed,
and Staff's response to accept the Staff Report. Staff's recommendation was
not framed around a discussion by the full Council. He did not cede decision
                                                                        Page 12 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
