                    MINUTES
could create additional circulation thus creating additional greenhouse gas
impacts. Staff did not believe the deficit of parking spaces rose to the level
of an environmental impact.

Council Member Klein recalled three instances of architecture affecting him
both positively and negatively.    Palo Alto's image was cutting edge,
innovative, and high tech. Downtown should reflect that image. Buildings
adjacent to the Project were modern. The Project reflected the present time
and culture of Palo Alto.

Council Member Price felt strongly that Palo Alto was known for innovation
and creativity while being a city of diverse architectural styles. The views of
aesthetics, art, and architecture were varied. The Project was well designed
and provided the anchor to the street corner. Design elements were
consistent with the Context Based Design Criteria and the Downtown Urban
Design Guide.      It was important to support a variety of architectural
expression.

Council Member Holman requested Staff respond to her questions regarding
the Record of Land Use Action.

Ms. Gitelman reported the size of the existing building was 5,000 square feet
plus the 2,000 square foot mezzanine. Staff believed the mezzanine was
built legally prior to August 28, 1986. It was not a grandfathered use but a
grandfathered facility according to Section 18.18.120 of the Municipal Code.
Replacement of the floor area was allowed.

Council Member Holman asked why the Project did not have 5,000 square
feet of residential space if the mezzanine was not a grandfathered use.

Ms. Gitelman indicated that the mezzanine was a grandfathered facility;
therefore, it was permitted to exist, to be counted, and to be replaced.

Council Member Holman inquired about the reason for allowing more Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) in non-residential spaces than allowed by Code if the
mezzanine was not a grandfathered use.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment,
explained that a grandfathered facility allowed a certain amount of
commercial space. The addition of TDRs allowed an additional amount of
commercial space.

Council Member Holman was not questioning TDRs. The Code allowed 5,000
square feet of non-residential space and 5,000 square feet of residential
                                                                          Page 37 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/9/13
