                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid explained that the VTA model was 50 percent
inaccurate and the City's model was 50 percent inaccurate; therefore, the
error was compounded. He asked why the City did not utilize the 9th edition
of the Institute of Transportation Engineers (ITE) Manual which was released
18 months ago.

Mr. Black stated the 9th edition was not available when the project began.
Hexagon performed special trip generation studies of three other senior
projects. Those projects were within 1 trip of the number used in the
current project.

Council Member Schmid added that those three senior projects were within
walking distance of shopping.

Mr. Black explained that using the 9th edition did not change the impact.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Mr. Black would recommend the
City update to the 9th edition.

Mr. Black indicated any project started today would utilize the 9th edition.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether the trees located along Clemo Avenue would
remain.

Mr. Wong reported 10 of the 12 mature oak trees would remain. Two oaks
in poor to moderate condition would be removed.

Mayor Scharff asked if there were additional protections for those trees.

Mr. Wong stated the City had a number of existing tree protection
requirements. The homes in the project were designed with placement of
the oak trees as consideration.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether additional Architectural Review Board (ARB)
review would be required if the Council required substantial redesign of the
houses.

Mr. Aknin believed the redesign of the homes could be presented for ARB
recommendations with ultimate approval by the Director.

Mayor Scharff asked if an appeal of the ARB decision would go to the
Director.

Mr. Aknin explained that the ARB made a recommendation to the Director,
and the Director's decision was appealable to the Council.

                                                                          Page 19 of 30
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 6/13/13
