                              MINUTES

Assemblyman Gordon did not wish to implement a State law requiring
climate adaptation elements in infrastructure projects. Perhaps incentives
could be used to encourage inclusion of those elements. Problems would
arise if the issue of sea level rise was not addressed.

Mayor Scharff requested Assemblyman Gordon comment on AB 1126.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Department Assistant Director, clarified that AB
1126 concerned the biomass to energy program.

Assemblyman Gordon hoped the Governor would sign the bill.       It allowed
engineered waste to be used alternatively.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Assemblyman Gordon was aware that the
State Water Board was attempting to increase storm water fees by 30
percent.

Assemblyman Gordon was not aware of that.

Mayor Scharff requested Assemblyman Gordon work with Staff on that topic.
Staff requested Assemblyman Gordon consider legislation regarding a
biodegradable cigarette butt.

Assemblyman Gordon would consider that. The single largest item collected
from beach clean-up programs was cigarette butts.

Mayor Scharff suggested smoking on beaches be banned.

Assemblyman Gordon led the effort to ban smoking in County beaches and
parks as a County Supervisor.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Presentation of $1.2 Million Donation Check from the Palo Alto Library
     Foundation to the City of Palo Alto.

Alison Cormack thanked the people who donated the funds to the Palo Alto
Library Foundation.

Susie Thom believed the donation was an excellent example of a public-
private partnership. The Library Foundation received broad support from the
community. The fundraising campaign would remain open through the end
of 2013. She was pleased to present the check to the City of Palo Alto.
                                                                      Page 6 of 31
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 9/16/13
