                         ACTION MINUTES

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Klein, Shepherd, Price, no

13.   Approval of a Water Enterprise Fund Contract with RMC Water and
      Environment, Inc. for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $193,914 to
      Complete the Environmental Analysis of Expanding the City's Recycled
      Water Delivery System (Continued From April 1, 2013).

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve a contract with RMC Water and Environment, Inc. (RMC) to
complete the environmental analysis of an expanded recycled water project
to serve the Stanford Research Park for $176,286, plus a contingency of
$17,628, for an amount not to exceed $193,914. Staff also recommends
that Council approve this contract as a “sole source” exemption from the
City’s competitive bidding process under its authority in Palo Alto Municipal
Code Section 2.30.360(d).

MOTION PASSED: 6-3, Scharff, Schmid, Holman no

14.   Colleague's Memo From Mayor Scharff and Council Members Burt,
      Price, and Schmid Regarding Expansion of Percent for Art and Public
      Art in Private Developments and Appropriate Maintenance of Our
      Existing and Future Public Art Collection.

MOTION:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Shepherd to A) extend the current One Percent For Art Policy to new and or
remodeled private large commercial developments and housing projects with
the details of the Policy to be developed by Staff and considered by the
Policy and Services Committee. Single-family homes, duplexes, triplexes and
four-plexes and historical preservation sites would be exempt. The Policy at
a minimum should provide that 1) the applicant may choose to pay the 1
percent in-lieu fee to the Public Art Commission rather than commission
artwork at the site; 2) That the care and appropriate maintenance of the
artwork will be the responsibility of the private developer; 3) The care and
maintenance plan will be reviewed and monitored by the City Staff; and 4)
The artwork must not be demolished, removed or destroyed without City
approval, B) direct Staff to develop a robust plan for consideration by the
Policy and Services Committee and then the full Council that evaluates the
current modest General Fund contributions and considers a possible
administrative fee and or set aside of a portion of the funds received under
the current Percent for Art Policy to account for ongoing and future
maintenance of the existing and future artworks commissioned under the
Percent for Art Policy based on a realistic assessment of the maintenance
needs of the Cities Public Art Collection and administration needs of that
                                                                          Page 4 of 5
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 4/8/13
