                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt believed a minimum of 20 was contradictory with the
concept of variable setbacks. He was most concerned with having varied
setbacks.

Council Member Price disagreed but would accept the proposed language.

Council Member Burt indicated the main problem for the neighbors was
traffic on Maybell Avenue, particularly during the school rush hour. Each
neighborhood experienced traffic congestion from school attendance. He
inquired whether the Planning and Community Environment Department
intended to evaluate traffic calming and pedestrian safety on Maybell
Avenue.

Mr. Aknin replied yes. Staff had scheduled a community meeting.

Council Member Burt inquired whether it was appropriate to include in the
Motion that Staff would prepare a traffic calming and pedestrian safety
initiative for Maybell Avenue.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the topic was separate from the
agendized item, and suggested Council Member Burt request Staff to return
with information.

Council Member Burt wanted to ensure neighbors knew the City was
committed to reviewing traffic issues.

Ms. Stump recommended Council Member Burt move or direct Staff through
comments after the conclusion of the current item.

Council Member Burt assumed there would be a significant reduction in
traffic along Maybell Avenue during the summer months, but was surprised
by the large reduction during peak school hours. The neighbors' perception
that the traffic increase resulted from the City's actions was not accurate.
He hoped the City would collaborate with the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) in finding ways to alleviate some traffic congestion. He did not
recall comments calling for a reduction in the number of homes along Clemo
Avenue, and felt the original proposal to reduce the number of homes along
Maybell Avenue only was a better approach. He requested the Motion state
six units on Maybell Avenue and six units on Clemo Avenue.

Mayor Scharff indicated his initial impression was that neighbors wanted to
reduce the number of houses along Maybell Avenue only; however, the
Saturday meeting was filled with comments against housing on both Clemo
and Maybell Avenues.
                                                                          Page 16 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes June 17, 2013
