                       WORKING MINUTES

Council Member Schmid felt the Council and community were interested in
obtaining a prompt response. He assumed Staff and the Task Force would
present information directly to the Council. He inquired whether the Sub-
Committee of the Policy and Services Committee would be a part of the
working group.

Ms. Antil felt the Sub-Committee's purpose was to inform the work of the
Task Force.

Vice Mayor Shepherd explained Council Member Kniss gathered information
and provided it to Staff for execution.

Council Member Schmid wanted to ensure the Sub-Committee was included
in discussions.

Ms. Antil was happy to ensure Council Members Kniss and Price were
included.

Mayor Scharff requested Mr. Ky Le of Santa Clara County speak to the
Council.

Council Member Kniss requested Mr. Le share his role with the County and
homeless programs.

Ky Le, Director of Homeless Systems for the County of Santa Clara, worked
internally with County departments and externally with cities and community
partners to implement effective solutions to prevent and end homelessness.
Cities had a difficult role in implementing long-term, permanent solutions
while mitigating the community and environmental impacts of unsheltered
persons. Effective solutions for preventing and ending homelessness were
not a struggle. County policies, most consolidated plans and federal policy
highlighted four strategies. In Fiscal Year 2014, the County set aside $4
million of reentry funds for housing. One proposal was tenant-based rental
subsidies to provide permanent or transitional subsidies to 20 homeless
individuals. Solutions to homelessness were difficult to implement. He
hoped to work with Palo Alto by leading with housing and attaching services.

REVISED AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Burt, Holman yes, Berman absent

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Berman absent



                                                                          Page 23 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
