                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER the Policy and Services Committee is to act on
this so Council could hear this item in March 2013.

Council Member Kniss asked for clarification as to whether the Policy &
Services Committee was tasked with returning to Council with a complete
report on what the conduct of the liaison to the Boards and Commissions
should be; their attendance, involvement, the number of meetings. She felt
a March deadline was not sufficient.

Vice Mayor Shepherd recommended the Chair of the Policy & Committee
keep the Council updated if there was more time required to complete a
directive. The process which primarily brought the matter to the Council’s
attention was the Policy and Procedures handbook needed to be recognized
annually.

Council Member Burt clarified the Motion was not in an attempt to address
all of the section in the procedures; although he agreed section 3.1 was
confusing as it was written. He believed section 3.1 was in reference to the
annual training.

MOTION RECAPPED: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to send Protocols and Procedures to the Policy and Services
Committee with a recommendation that they define the Council Liaison role
and address item 2.4 in Procedures and Protocols “Conduct with Palo Alto
Boards and Commissions” and community groups that Council Members are
designated liaisons to. The Policy and Services Committee is to act on this
so Council could hear this item in March 2013.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Scharff noted the next topic was whether there should be mid-year
retreats.

Council Member Burt felt a follow-up retreat would be appropriate but he did
not feel mid-year would be the best time if specific actions were being
reviewed. Mid-year was a short time prior to the summer break and during
budget season.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
for Council to have in the first month of spring a retreat to discuss the
adopted priorities and consider in more depth the potential action items.

Council Member Klein requested a clearer timeframe than early spring.
                                                                      Page 12 of 17
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                           Minutes:
