Ms. Furman answered no. Neighbors received only one notice of an ARB
hearing. Staff should provide notices to neighborhood leaders.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood Ms. Furman to state that neighbors were
present at the ARB hearing.

Ms. Furman clarified that neighbors received notice of the last ARB meeting.
ARB meetings were held during working hours; therefore, few people could
attend the hearings.

Vice Mayor Shepherd encouraged residents to attend and work with
Commissions.     She wanted to understand the linkage between a sign
exemption and the Master Sign Program. She inquired about signage as
originally approved.

Mr. Aknin explained that the PC set the general parameters for future
review. The site and design review required a Master Sign Program, which
was approved by the ARB. The Master Sign Program showed a more than
100-square-foot sign. When the Applicant changed the sign materials, the
ARB determined whether it was consistent with the Master Sign Program.
The ARB made that finding through the sign exception process.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the exception would set a precedent.

Mr. Aknin replied no. Going through a sign exception process did not break
the law or the Municipal Code. The sign exception process was created to
take unique examples through the process so that concrete findings could be
made. Findings were made on a case-by-case basis.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the sign exception would allow the
building owner to utilize new signage of the same size for another tenant.

Mr. Aknin indicated the signage was specific to the tenant.

Vice Mayor Shepherd expressed concern about the ability of seniors to shop
in Palo Alto. Perhaps the Council should reconsider the 20,000-square-foot
limit on grocery stores in order to retain that vital service. Illumination of
the letters would allow the sign to be visible at night. Locating the sign at
the driveway entrance would make passersby aware of the grocery.

Council Member Holman noted the Staff Report referred to the previously
approved banner sign as the comparison point for the proposed sign. Staff's
response to her question regarding other sign exceptions of this scale was
inconsistent. She did not believe the proposed sign would enhance or
improve the site. The size of the proposed sign was excessive. Several
                                  14                    December 16, 2013
