                             MINUTES
the poll topics to incorporate input from the entire Council. He deferred
further comments until the discussion period; however, he wished to register
his concerns about the process.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the process for funding the last parking
garages.

Mr. Saccio reported the City utilized an Assessment District under Proposition
218. The property owners within the District were responsible for building the
garages. There was a landowner vote according to the number of spaces the
landowner was responsible for over the total number of spaces required in the
District.

Council Member Kniss assumed the Committee considered an Assessment
District. Rather than narrowing it down to just parking garages, the
Committee reviewed a large number of issues and needs in the community
and attempted to consider them as a group.

Council Member Klein reported parking garages polled poorly in the initial
round; however, intuition indicated they would poll much better in the second
round of polling. The funding mechanism of an Assessment District was not
feasible at the current time.

Council Member Kniss asked if the Committee searched for an overall solution
to a number of programs or projects.

Council Member Klein responded yes.

Council Member Kniss felt the ability to discern which topics received support
was an art. Perhaps one of the Council's concerns was for polling to be as
precise as possible, because of the large amount of funding for many
projects. She inquired about the level of predictability of polling.

Mr. Metz noted four polls would be conducted, including the final tracking poll,
if the Council decided to proceed with each one. There were many variables
to consider, including complex financing mechanisms and many projects. For
that reason, he structured the four polls to follow a sequence to narrow the
topics to more refined and specific topics to test. The first poll did not test
any full concepts for ballot measures. It tested many different building blocks
in terms of projects that could be funded and sources of revenue that could
be used. Based on information from the first poll, he planned to construct
five ballot measure concepts for testing in the second poll. Testing would
include ballot language, a pro argument and a con argument. With that
information, the Council could direct him to pursue one or two or none of
                                                                         Page 15 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/28/13
