                             MINUTES
contracts. Funding for HSRAP increased by $105,725, for a total HSRAP
Budget of $1.2 million.

Mayor Scharff reported the Council conducted its first public hearing on the
Budget and utility rate changes on June 3, 2013, and would conduct the
second and final hearing on the Budget and related items at the current
time. A portion of the hearing would relate to a change in water rates and
would be governed by Proposition 218.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, explained that the procedure for water rate
changes would follow the requirements of the California Constitution adopted
by the voters as Proposition 218. Proposition 218 set forth procedural rules
that local governments were required to follow before increasing property-
related fees. The California Supreme Court found that water rates were
property-related fees and were subject to Proposition 218 requirements.
After close of the public hearing, there would be a majority protest
procedure. The proposed dark fiber rates and proposed storm drain rates
contained in the Budget did not need to follow Proposition 218 procedures.
The dark fiber rates were not property-related fees. Storm drain inflation
rate adjustments were previously approved by the voters. Those rates
would be considered during the public hearing.

Mayor Scharff indicated all residents and other interested persons would
have an opportunity to provide testimony on the water rate increase. To be
valid, protests to the proposed rate increases were required to be in writing,
signed and submitted to the City Clerk prior to the close of the public
hearing. The protest must identify the parcel and the rate being protested.
The City Clerk would accept written protests until the public hearing closed.
At the end of the public hearing, the City Clerk would count the number of
written protests against the proposed rate increases. The Council would
determine whether a majority protest existed for the rate increases. If a
majority of customers and property owners did not submit protests by the
close of the public hearing, the City Council could adopt the new water rate
schedules as part of the Ordinance adopting the Budget for FY 2014.

Public Hearing opened at 9:06 P.M.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether any protests were submitted.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, received 21 written protests.

Mayor Scharff asked if that constituted a majority.

Ms. Grider replied no.
                                                                         Page 22 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/13/13
