                    MINUTES
A sales tax dedicated to transportation might poll higher than a general tax,
but would probably be short of two-thirds support. The Council could
propose a general sales tax, and then as a policy dedicate those funds to
transportation. That would likely be appealing to the public.

Council Member Berman did not wish to propose a sales tax requiring two-
thirds approval if it was not necessary. Residents would spend much less
money on a 1/4 percent sales tax increase than on a GO Bond. Funds from
a sales tax increase, a TOT tax increase, the Infrastructure Reserve, the
Fiscal Year 2013 surplus, and Certificates of Participation (COP) would total
$142.5 million.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff that
the City Council refer this item to the Infrastructure Committee.

Council Member Klein explained a Committee approach was appropriate for
the complicated issue. The Council had not determined precisely which
infrastructure projects to fund or their priority. The purpose of presenting
survey results to the Council before the Infrastructure Committee was to
receive Council comments to inform the Infrastructure Committee
discussion.     The Infrastructure Committee would then provide a
recommendation or recommendations to the Council. Attempting to craft a
proposal during a Council discussion would not be an effective use of time.

Mayor Scharff agreed that the number of variables such as pairing
measures, determining the use of sales tax revenues, matching funds to
projects, and polling on the interaction of measures would require an
extensive amount of time.

Council Member Burt requested clarification regarding the pairing of an
advisory measure with any general tax measure. He wanted to see that
type of discussion.

Mayor Scharff indicated the Infrastructure Committee had not discussed that
topic.

Council Member Burt encouraged Colleagues to provide input. With the
proposed timeline, the Council did not have sufficient time to change
Infrastructure Committee recommendations. He wished to communicate to
the public that if a measure was proposed for infrastructure projects, then
the Council would add an advisory measure and commit to doing that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that any General Fund tax measure suggested by
                                                                        Page 21 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
