                               MINUTES
10.   Nomination of Council Member Gail Price to Seek Appointment as the
      Northwest Cities Group 2 Representative to the VTA Board of
      Directors.

11.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Approve Fiscal Year 2013
      Reappropriation Requests to be Carried Forward into Fiscal Year 2014.

MOTION PASSED to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-7 and 9-11: 8-
0 Scharff absent

MOTION PASSED to approve Agenda Item Number 8:                  6-2 Holman,
Schmid no, Scharff absent

Council Member Holman voted no because scoping for the Downtown
Development CAP should have been presented to the Council. She was
concerned that the 27 University Avenue Project was not included in the
area and that the study gathered data on only existing conditions. A full
analysis of data should include the impacts of previous projects in the area.
The Council needed to understand whether it was successful in evaluating
the impacts of projects.

Council Member Schmid recalled that in prior Council discussions regarding
the Downtown Development CAP and the 27 University Avenue Project, Staff
promised to present a scope of services for the Request for Proposal (RFP) to
the Council for review prior to releasing the RFP. Agenda Item Number 8
purposely excluded a Council discussion on the scope of services.
Development was a critical issue before the Council. To use the Consent
Calendar to exclude Council review of the scope of services was a major
preemption of Council policy.

Council Member Burt requested a reconsideration of the vote on the Consent
Calendar. He wished to support removing Agenda Item Number 8 from the
Consent Calendar. Council received responses to Council Member Holman's
questions after consideration of the Consent Calendar, which did not follow
normal procedure.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported a Motion to Reconsider could be made
at any time during the meeting in which the action was taken. The Motion
must be made by a Council Member on the prevailing side of the vote, with a
second by any Council Member.

MOTION TO RECONSIDER THE CONSENT CALENDAR VOTE:                          Council
Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid.

                                                                        Page 10 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/7/13
