                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the sequence of discussion was better with the
incorporation of Council Member Klein's comments. The Council requested
that Staff provide the information for the Closed Session.

Council Member Kniss was comfortable with                the   City      Attorney's
interpretation and would not support the Motion.

MOTION AS AMENDED FAILED:              4-4 Burt, Klein, Price, Schmid yes,
Holman not participating

Council Member Burt inquired whether Council Member Holman could vote
on the Motion.

Ms. Stump reported the 4-4 vote did not override the Agenda as noticed.

Council adjourned into the Closed Session at 5:45 P.M.

Council reconvened from the Closed Session at 7:00 P.M..

Mayor Scharff announced no reportable action on the Closed Session
regarding the Post Office Building, and the Closed Session regarding labor
negotiations was continued until the end of the City Council meeting.

Council Member Holman left the meeting at 7:00 P.M.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced that Senator Jerry Hill and Assembly
Members Kevin Mullin and Rich Gordon would host an interactive event on
May 15, 2013 from 7:00-8:30 P.M. regarding the State Budget. The
Downtown University Avenue Beautification Project was completed the prior
week.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Bhavna Parekh suggested the Request for Proposals (RFP) regarding the
proposed Matadero Creek Trail include an alternative route. The proposed
alternative route would prevent blind intersections; provide for bicyclists to
travel main roads rather than behind residences; and utilize existing
infrastructure.

Philippe Bouissou stated residents proposed modifications to the current
draft RFP for the proposed Matadero Creek Trail; however, City Staff was

                                                                              Page 3 of 21
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                         Minutes: 5/13/13
