                    MINUTES
Mr. Hamilton explained the figure was based on the cost of a parking
structured completed a few years ago. The figure did not include land costs.
At the current time, the cost would be closer to $40,000-$45,000 per space.

Council Member Burt inquired about the annual cost of the program.               He
wanted to understand the approximate cost per trip avoidance.

Mr. Hamilton reported the cost of programs could range from $600 per
person per year down to $20-$30 per person per year.

Council Member Burt noted the Centre had a budget of $275,000, 6,000
employees, and a participation rate of approximately 30 percent.

Ms. Tanner-Busby indicated Centre staff determined how to spend funds.
Sometimes BART subsidies were limited to 100 participants. Centre staff
attempted to spread the budget over as many participants as possible. John
Muir Hospital's TDM budget had fewer limitations. Because the Centre was
privately owned and an assessment district, the TDM budget was monitored
closely.

Council Member Burt was impressed by the management of the Centre's
TDM budget. He asked if the speakers achieved tremendous impacts by
providing attractive incentives.

Mr. Hamilton agreed.

Mr. Mathy agreed.

Ms. Tanner-Busby agreed.

Council Member Burt felt the Council would benefit from an expert advisory
committee. He inquired about cost-effective successful programs that could
be applied to a city.

Mr. Mathy reported 45 percent of Google employees lived within 10 miles of
the Mountain View campus. Bicycles were the lowest-cost solution for
Google. Connectivity among communities was lacking. A focus on improved
connectivity in the region would result in safer biking and increased
participation.

Mr. Hamilton suggested the City determine where potential participants were
located and then determine opportunities to include those potential
participants. Most likely many people lived within biking distance; therefore,
that would be one opportunity to consider. Most Stanford participants lived
                                                                          Page 7 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/9/13
