                                MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to: 1) approve the issuance of a Request for Proposal for development of an
Energy-Compost Facility; 2) direct Staff to seek regulatory approval for
postponing the remaining 51 acres of uncapped landfill when there will be a
final decision of the remaining 10 acres, if any needed for the facility; and 3)
direct Staff to research possibilities for an appeal and/or a legislative
solution if the request for an extension of capping the landfill is denied by
the regulatory agencies.

Council Member Price felt this approach was prudent, provided flexibility for
planning scenarios, and provided time for rigorous research. Because costs
for capping and recapping were significant, she could not support those
options at this time. It was appropriate to defer action for one year in order
to obtain additional information. Staff had not focused on a possible appeal.
Legislators could assist the City with making a strong and effective case
before regulatory agencies for approval of capping postponement.

Council Member Kniss suggested the Motion include a direction to Staff to
stay within regulatory compliance, because fines were costly.

Mr. Bobel indicated fines could be as much as $10,000.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add 4) direct Staff to remain within regulatory
compliance.

Council Member Kniss felt the community wanted the Council to keep all
options open. This was a chance for the State to support its goal of
decreasing greenhouse gas emissions.

Council Member Klein suggested postponing the capping for a period of up to
15 months.

Mr. Keene felt the earlier discussion indicated construction would begin in
mid-2014.

Council Member Klein did not want Staff to have to request an additional
postponement if construction could be not be completed in a year.

Council Member Kniss was agreeable if the time period had to be defined.

Council Member Price asked Council Member Klein if he wanted the 15-
month period embedded in the Motion.


01-14-2013                                                            112- 188
