                             MINUTES
Mayor Scharff asked if the first sentence of the Substitute Motion should be
deleted.

Council Member Holman replied no. She wanted to obtain the information
Council Member Klein requested without precluding the broad context.

Council Member Klein suggested the language should be "and not earlier
than Council's receipt of the Downtown parking study."

Council Member Holman inquired whether referral of circulation issues
included parking and loading.

Council Member Klein replied yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION (Revised with incorporation and edits): Council
Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid that this
proposal not be considered at this time and not earlier than Council receives
the first phase of the downtown parking report; during such interim we refer
consideration of circulation issues raised by the adjacent retail stores to the
Planning and Transportation Commission for thorough analysis of those
issues; refer to the Finance Committee the financial analysis; and request
staff obtain the services of a professional appraiser to review the value and
cost to the City and Developer.

Council Member Klein was not concerned by the idea of a public-private
partnership and the use of public property. The Substitute Motion could
delay the Project by approximately six months. It was important to get the
Project right and to ensure Council actions were good for the community.

Council Member Berman was happy to support the Substitute Motion,
because he was not comfortable with the number of unanswered questions.
The Council needed a more thorough analysis of the impact on neighborhood
businesses.

Council Member Burt noted the Motion addressed a perpetual easement
while the Substitute Motion did not. Section 5A of Attachment A indicated
an "appropriate easement." He asked what an appropriate easement was
according to Attachment A.

Mr. Williams reported the appropriate easement as proposed was an
easement appurtenant to 135 Hamilton Avenue that ran with that property,
and there was no time limit on it unless the Council placed a time limit on it.

Council Member Burt asked if the easement would be in perpetuity unless
the Council changed the language.

                                                                          Page 14 of 33
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 6/10/13
