                               MINUTES
Norma Jean Kelly supported the parking restriction and permits.

Richard Yankowich supported the trial program. The problem was spillover
parking from apartments located in East Palo Alto.

Leo Ware concurred with Mr. Yankowich's comments. Cars were parked
bumper-to-bumper along streets, blocking driveways and lines of sight.

Frank Branson supported the trial parking program. He and his wife were
concerned that drivers parking along the street would burglarize their home.

Chris Goumas felt the character of the neighborhood changed due to
extrinsic forces. The high-density apartment complexes did not provide
adequate parking for their residents. He encouraged the Council to approve
the trial program as soon as possible.

Herb Borock provided a history of overnight parking within Palo Alto. An
overnight parking restriction was the solution for the Crescent Park
neighborhood.

Jason White stated the problems were litter and lack of street sweeping.

Ben Ball reported more than 90 non-resident vehicles parked along
Edgewood Drive and Newell Road nightly. Neighborhood residents worked
with City Staff to understand the issues of the problem and identified five
objectives.   The temporary overnight parking ban accomplished those
objectives.

Daniel Hanson supported the trial program. Cars parked along the streets
and left trash. The City of East Palo Alto closed on-street parking along
Woodland Avenue, resulting in more on-street parking in Palo Alto.

David Dorosin also supported the overnight parking ban.

Bhusan Gupta felt the inconvenience of the ban was a small price to pay to
eliminate overcrowded parking. He suggested the City begin work on a
Residential Parking Permit (RPP) program for Crescent Park.

Trish Mulvey requested the City delay action to obtain additional information
from the City of East Palo Alto.

Bruce Nixon supported implementation of the trial program; however, he
had no room to park five cars off the street. He favored an RPP program or
a long-term mitigated fee.
                                                                         Page 4 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 8/12/13
