eliminated in two more winter seasons at the most, barring a catastrophic
super storm event. This may sound like a long time away to some, but there
is a lot of work to finish (design, EIR, permits, construction) and we also
want to ensure that our community is well informed and engaged in the
work that is happening.

While not a major capital project, it is worth noting that by this next rainy
season December 2013, the JPA and City, with help from Stanford University
and the Santa Clara Valley Water District, plans to create a new regional
early warning system and website that predicts flooding and notifies
residents and emergency responders accordingly. This will build on
significant progress the City has already made on emergency preparedness
efforts.

Achieving a second transmission line connection to Palo Alto
Emergency Preparedness is a core community value in Palo Alto. I think we
all were shocked several years ago when a tragic accident took out our
connection to the power grid and Palo Alto was without power for 12 hours.
We are working on obtaining a second transmission line connecting Palo Alto
to the grid. Currently, the City and Stanford are working on a memorandum
of understanding and a firm proposal for Stanford Linear Accelerator Center
(SLAC) and the Department of Energy (DOE), to achieve this. The City and
Stanford are also moving forward on right-of-way, land use, and routing
options. I continue to encourage staff to work expeditiously with Stanford
University, DOE, and SLAC to help make a 2nd transmission line a reality
would provide additional safety, reliability and economic benefits for our
community.

The Cubberley Process
However, not only must we bring to fruition the work of the Infrastructure
Blue Ribbon Committee, we must create a long-term plan for the Cubberley
campus. This is the other major component of our Council priority on
Infrastructure. The future of the Cubberley site is vitally important to the
community and our community deserves an outcome that does not delay
decisions because they are difficult. This is a huge opportunity to develop a
plan that gives the School District the flexibility it needs while creating a first
rate community center in South Palo Alto.

In 1989 the City and the School District agreed to a lease regarding the
closed Cubberley High School and an agreement whereby the School District
agreed not to develop any of its other closed school sites. The City is
presently paying the District $7.5 Million per year for the lease and
covenant. Over the years, the City has paid the District more than $100
million dollars for the lease and covenant.


                                        9
