                                 MINUTES
Covenant” to a date uncertain.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Closed Session regarding the Post
Office Building would precede the Closed Session regarding labor
negotiations.

Mayor Scharff responded yes.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1, Holman absent

15.   Transmittal of Policy and Services Committee Recommendation To
      Council For The Adoption of An Ordinance Amending Chapter 9.14
      (Smoking And Tobacco Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
      Establish New Smoking Restrictions for Parks Under Five Acres;
      Increase No-Smoking Buffer Zones from 20 to 25 feet for Consistency
      with LEED Standards; and Make Findings Regarding the Purpose of No-
      Smoking Regulations In City Parks

Greg Betts, Director of Community Services, reported members of the
business community contacted Staff regarding smoking restrictions at Lytton
Plaza, Cogswell Plaza and Sarah Wallis Park.         With support from the
Chamber of Commerce, the Downtown Business Association and Santa Clara
County Health, Staff presented the issue to the Policy and Services
Committee on March 19, 2013. At that meeting, Staff proposed a smoking
ban at the three parks and to change the distance from buildings where
smoking was allowed. Under the current Ordinance, smoking was banned
within 20 feet of the entrance to a public building. The Policy and Services
Committee wished to expand the smoking ban to 24 parks and plazas
containing 5 acres or less. Smoking was banned currently in portions of the
larger parks. The Policy and Services Committee voted unanimously to
support the ban of smoking in the 24 parks. Because the item was
agendized for only three parks, the City Attorney's Office recommended that
Staff present the matter to the Council as an Action Item for proper notice
and discussion.

Janet Ghanem, Breathe California, worked with Palo Alto neighborhood and
community groups regarding smoke-free parks. She supported the banning
of smoking in parks, and hoped larger parks would be included in the future.

Stephanie Munoz suggested an area within parks be designated for smoking.
Perhaps the City could provide stop-smoking programs.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to: 1) Adopt an ordinance to amend Chapter 9.14 (Smoking And Tobacco
                                                                      Page 19 of 21
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/13/13
