                               MINUTES

Council Member Price asked if the ten-year period would encompass 2003-
2013.

Mr. Aknin explained that the consultant would perform an economic analysis
for the projected conditions analysis to determine the demand for
development within a five-year and ten-year period, 2013-2018 and 2013-
2023.

Council Member Price inquired about Staff's proposed use of a series of focus
groups.

Mr. Aknin indicated some type of steering committee would be formed at the
end of the Phase 1 analysis.      Staff would return to the Council with
additional recommendations related to the steering committee and additional
scope related to Phase 2.

Council Member Price had worked with Dyett & Bhatia and felt they were
very good with good reputations.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve and authorize the City Manager or designee to execute contract
with Dyett & Bhatia Urban & Regional Planners (Attachment A) in the
amount of $200,000 for the Downtown Development Cap Study - Phase 1
project.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the first phase involved data gathering. Staff
did not improvise any policy questions for Council. She wanted to proceed
with the study before the holiday traffic began in order not to skew the data.

Council Member Price stated the scope of services was clearly stated and
looked forward to seeing the results of the first phase.

Council Member Holman indicated the 27 University Avenue and Menlo Park
projects were not included on the map or referenced in the language of the
scope of services. She asked if Staff could amend the contract to include
those projects.

Mr. Aknin agreed. Staff expected the consultants to perform the traffic
analysis for those projects.

Council Member Holman stated the contract only collected data for existing
conditions. The square footage added to Downtown did not have the same
type of impact because of changes in pattern. Comparing the prior Level of
                                                                        Page 31 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/21/13
