                             MINUTES
York and Boston for leveraging ideas for innovation. Regarding the City
Website updates Staff said the top two functionalities were: improve search
functionality and increase compatibility for mobile access. Staff expected the
upgrade to be no earlier than one year from now.

CITY MANAGERS COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported Staff developed a Request for Proposal
(RFP) to solicit consultant bids for the Matadero Creek Trail Phase 1 Mid-
town Project. A majority of community input was included in the RFP. Staff
anticipated returning to the Council by September 2013 to award a
consultant contract.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve the minutes of April 1, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Council Member Kniss inquired about the circumstances regarding the
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Project that resulted in
additional costs to the City and increased inconvenience to the public.

James Keene, City Manager, reported Staff provided a bimonthly report to
the Council on the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Project.
Staff could provide more detailed information. Correspondence to the
Project contractor related the City's concerns regarding the schedule and
cost of the Project.

Council Member Kniss stated the Project was months behind schedule.

Mr. Keene agreed the contractor was months behind schedule.

Council Member Kniss asked who was responsible for the delays and added
costs.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, noted Council Member Kniss joined the Council
after Staff provided a number of briefings on the Project. The contractor
requested approval of numerous changes and increased costs.         Staff
evaluated the requests and paid those determined to be reasonable under
the contract.    A dispute could result at the conclusion of the Project
                                                                            Page 4 of 20
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 5/20/13
