                                     MINUTES
compatibility with existing development and to adverse effects to type and
intensity of planned uses in the area. She inquired whether double-height
retail and office spaces in commercial zones were counted twice towards
FAR.

Mr. Aknin indicated they were counted only once.

Council Member Holman asked if the added mass did not count towards FAR.

Mr. Aknin replied yes.    The double counting applied only in single-family
neighborhoods.

Mr. Reich reported that the single-family limitation was utilized to control the
bulk and mass of the structure. In commercial development, the FAR
limitation was utilized to limit the intensity of use.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the square footage of the loft
units would be different if they did not pop up.

Ms. Young stated the units would be smaller.

Council Member Holman referenced the DEE definition in the Code.

Ms. Young explained that the floor area did not increase because of the
height increase. The area was already allowed as part of the project.

Council Member Holman requested clarification.

Ms. Young indicated the extended height of 5 feet allowed the building to be
set back further from El Camino Real and not as wide in other places. The
building mass was made smaller by moving the floor area behind the roof
screens.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the proposed design pushed the FAR to the level
of the roof screening. If the floor area was not placed behind the roof
screens, it would be placed elsewhere.

Council Member Holman did not believe it was an appropriate use of a DEE.
Some of the street-facing elements were not pedestrian scale. Access to the
courtyard was not inviting. She inquired about the status of the California
Avenue Concept Plan and of the traffic model.

Mr. Aknin reported the California Avenue Concept Plan would be presented
to the P&TC for review on November 20, 2013. If the P&TC made a
recommendation, then the California Avenue Concept Plan would be
presented to the Council in early 2014.
                                                                          Page 21 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    November 18, 2013
