                       WORKING MINUTES
the corridor, then Caltrans and Hetch Hetchy could be approached.

Council Member Klein clarified the ARB Commissioners understanding was
the Grand Boulevard program to Palo Alto and El Camino Real would not be
a pedestrian oriented corridor. He asked what the projected vision would be
for El Camino Real and what should Palo Alto be planning toward.

Commissioner Lippert reiterated the Grand Boulevard concept was a great
idea, he simply felt there were too many competing interests. With enough
push-back from any one of those interests a project could fold. He cited
projects where residential neighborhoods fought back because of a parking
matter. The interested parties included the residents, Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA), the Water District the business owners until all of those
interested parties have agreement on the concept of El Camino Real, any
one of them could create push-back. He suggested creating a concept for El
Camino Real and having a resolution of that vision before any serious
forward motion could occur.

Council Member Burt said the lack of sidewalks on El Camino Real was not
necessarily the public’s concern as much as the lack of setbacks and the
walled in feelings. He did not feel Palo Alto was interested in urbanizing El
Camino Real as much as they are interested in growth and change. When
change occurs it should be to repair an identified issue or to improve a
situation. A better process would be to focus on improving existing areas
rather than creating new ones while neglecting those already in need.

Council Member Schmid emphasized the mention of the El Camino
Guidelines in the Colleagues Memo was meant as a discussion on major
corridors not necessarily just El Camino Real. He believed the principle
behind the guidelines was addressing the street, how the buildings welcome
and encourage interaction with pedestrians or drivers. He wanted to see the
ARB, P&TC, and the Council agree on the guidelines provided to the
developers and applicants on their designs to create spaces that maintain
the life blood of the community.

Council Member Holman remarked that the El Camino Real guidelines were
merely guidelines not standards. The CN zoning was to reflect where retail
was because those areas were connected to residential neighborhoods. She
was concerned with the notion the City was moving forward with a year-long
study. The El Camino Real Design Guidelines were a reflection of the year-
long study already completed. The Grand Boulevard plan was another year-
long study. Her concern stemmed from the possibility of not accomplishing
anything in the present while there were thoughts of another long-term
study. She noted the public was not happy with the manner in which their
                                                                           Page 4 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
