                               MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz felt the City's zoning plans were not observed. The
increase in density would increase traffic and auto pollution. The public did
not want the Public Safety Building.

David Adams stated the economic analysis began with a false assumption.
The rezoning was not mentioned, and the benefit to the Developer was
ignored. The size of the existing building was stated differently in the City
Manager's Report, in the economic analysis, and on Jay Paul Company's
website. The parking ratio was extremely low. The project violated the
City's height limit. He urged the Council not to approve the project.

Arthur Liberman did not understand how a project with 1,700 parking spaces
fit into the initiative of reducing traffic. He requested the transportation
division hold a meeting with the community regarding the traffic study
before it was presented to the Council.

Ray Bacchetti felt an unmistakable benefit of the project was a Public Safety
Building. Recent studies indicated the need for a new Public Safety Building.

Neilson Buchanan supported a new Public Safety Building for the City.

Mayor Scharff stated the Council could make Motions concerning the
economic analysis; however, Staff requested review and comment on the
analysis.

Mr. Keene reported the Agenda Item had the nature of a Study Session;
however, the Council could provide specific directions to Staff.

Council Member Burt did not understand why the land cost was included in
the analysis. There was no incremental cost of land for the Developer to add
311,000 square feet. The cost of environmental impacts was embedded
elsewhere in the calculation.

Mr. Svensson explained that the initial scenario was an opening to evaluate
the project. He understood the concern about including the land cost;
therefore, he provided alternate scenarios without the land cost. Because
the development company bought an existing site and proposed the
intensification, he included the assumption.

Mr. Keene noted the Developer acquired the two sites at different times.
There was existing value in the parking site and more development potential
in the existing zoning.


                                                                       Page 13 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
