                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd did not wish to consider the parking garage as part of
the value the City would receive, when the garage would be tied to the AOL
site.

Mr. Keene agreed the garage should not be considered as a benefit for the
City.

Vice Mayor Shepherd would like to see the analysis move from a no-build to
the proposed build to allow the Council to determine the value of the
benefits given to the Developer. She expressed concern that the Council
had not made progress in obtaining a new Public Safety Building.

Council Member Price felt this was an opportunity to utilize PC Zoning in a
responsible way. The economic analysis was not perfect, but it was credible
in many areas. The community was concerned with the true value of a
public benefit. The City was in critical need of a new Public Safety Building.
She concurred with comments regarding traffic and the California Avenue
Area Plan. She inquired about a gross cost of possible mitigations from the
EIR process.

Mr. Aknin did not have an estimate.

Council Member Price asked if Staff had an estimate of costs for traffic
mitigations.

Mr. Aknin responded no.

Mr. Keene stated the land use decision and potential mitigations needed to
be separate from the proposal from a policy point of view. Obviously the
project would have to mitigate impacts.        Even though the consultant
identified the fact that mitigation costs could affect the Developer's
investment, the Council had not subscribed to that perspective.

Council Member Price inquired about the type of construction considered in
the comparison. The comparative projects must have included a range of
construction costs and different products.

Mr. Svensson assumed in this location for this type of development, the
project would need to be premium construction with some consideration of
high-end construction. The requirements for building on this site would
dictate that. A great deal of the cost was in the basement and structured
parking.


                                                                        Page 16 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/16/13
