                               MINUTES

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated the Public Art Commission was actively tending
to artwork. She hoped the Policy and Services Committee could simplify the
language. With more money, public art could actively engage the public.

Council Member Holman requested Staff address these items: exclusion of
non-profit organizations as Council Member Kniss noted; the applicant's
choice to install artwork or pay an in-lieu fee; and more varieties of artwork
to be included. Regarding innovative spaces or facades and signature
architectural features, the applicant should not think the artwork had to
address the street better than the architecture itself. The artwork should
not make the buildings look acceptable.

Council Member Klein believed details of the proposal were important.
Artwork would not enhance the financial values of the community. The
value of some commercial projects could lead to very high dollar amounts
for artwork; therefore, a cap could be appropriate. Religious buildings and
low-income housing projects should be exempt.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER not to include building projects by religious
organizations and affordable housing projects.

Mayor Scharff was pleased to support the Motion. This would enhance public
art and the perception of public art.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price reported that Caltrain planned signal upgrades at East
Meadow and at Churchill. This will include safety improvements to train
approach warning systems.

Council Member Burt said at the Caltrain Policy Makers Working Group’s last
meeting they discussed the proprietary positive train control system called C
Boss. There was a Federal mandate requiring the installation of this type of
system by 2015, but that will likely be extended.

Council Member Holman said she was in Pasadena for the League of Cities
meeting. Presentations included plastic bag legislation.



                                                                           Page 19 of 20
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/8/13
