                             MINUTES
next steps in pursuing development of other new downtown parking garage
sites; and 3) authorize staff to implement a trial attendant parking study at
Lot R – Alma Street/High Street (South) Parking Garage.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was pleased Staff was proactive and analyzed the
possibilities for parking. The parking demands of the Downtown area
dictated the consideration of parking garages.

Council Member Kniss felt the Motion did not address parking in the entire
Downtown area.      She hoped Staff would return with a discussion of
permitted parking in neighborhoods.

Council Member Berman supported the attendant parking program. He
looked forward to a discussion of new parking technology. He requested
Staff consider the feasibility of below-grade parking structures. The study
was one aspect of a long-term solution to the parking problem. He wished
to have a broader discussion of parking strategies.

Mayor Scharff wished to have a broad discussion of funding sources in order
to determine funding options. He wanted to know whether a tax could be
imposed in order to issue COPs for construction of parking garages; whether
below-grade garages were feasible; and whether retail or office space or
housing within the garage could provide a revenue stream for the City. The
concept for the Urban Lane Garage was interesting.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff would consider below-grade
parking, and whether Staff would reevaluate the sites with a broader scoring
methodology.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff would review underground parking at least for
Lot P. Funds were available for an analysis of underground parking at one
other site if the Council was interested. With respect to constructability
factors, Staff would add factors related to planning interests.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff would do that work without it being
incorporated in the Motion.

Mr. Keene responded yes. Staff would exercise judgment regarding the
depth of analysis for some of the topics. He did not want to give the
impression that Staff would provide a full analysis of every possible angle;
Staff would incorporate comments as guidance for their work.

Council Member Holman requested the Mayor split the Motion, because she
would not support part 1 of the Motion.
                                                                           Page 16 of 20
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 5/20/13
