                             MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to explore the possibility of adding a sixth floor to
the parking garage.

Mayor Scharff would probably split the question on the issues of an
easement and a sixth floor.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated construction would be disruptive for Downtown
businesses and traffic, and wanted to continue exploring TDM options.

Council Member Kniss was inclined to support the Motion. She asked how
other cities avoided the problem of delivery trucks parked in the street at all
times of the day.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Palo Alto did not have an Ordinance restricting delivery
times, and was not aware of any other city having that restriction.

Council Member Kniss suggested there should be a restriction on when large
trucks could make deliveries in Downtown.

Mr. Keene would provide examples of ordinances restricting delivery times.

Council Member Kniss recommended the life of the easement be tied to the
life of the hotel.

Mr. Williams explained that the easement was tied to the office building at
135 Hamilton Avenue.      The hotel opening at the same time created
additional complications.

Council Member Kniss felt the Project was an imperfect answer to a
perpetual need and would help address the parking problem.

Council Member Holman noted a City Ordinance required the City Manager
to establish a public process to sell development rights, and asked when that
process would be established in relation to the Project.

Mr. Williams suggested the process could proceed quickly if the Council
approved the Project. The process could be some type of RFP or bid process
such that Staff could initiate the process and report the results to the
Council. If the City offered TDRs without the parking exemption, then Staff
did not believe the level of response would be as great.

Council Member Holman felt approval of the Motion indicated a parking
garage was also approved. She questioned the need to sell TDRs without
parking exemptions when TDRs were being generated in the private sector.

                                                                          Page 10 of 33
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 6/10/13
