                              MINUTES
Service (LOS) to the amount of added development could be a good
indicator of the impacts of development.

Mr. Aknin explained that Phase 1 would review background documentation,
including the 1986 report and Environmental Impact Report (EIR). The EIR
contained all traffic information associated with the 1986 report. The Phase
1 analysis would include a scientific poll of Downtown office uses to
determine the average per square foot office density for workers.

Council Member Holman did not recall the contract referencing the 1986
study and EIR.

Mr. Aknin indicated it was contained in the background document review.

Council Member Holman asked that the contract be revised to include that
information.

Mr. Aknin expressed concern that stating the documents to be reviewed
could limit which documents the consultant reviewed. He preferred broad
language so that other documents could be reviewed as needed.

Council Member Holman asked if the intention was to consider some LOS
studies.

Mr. Aknin stated the consultant would have to review the previous EIR,
which contained the traffic analyses.

Council Member Holman noted that the scope of services mentioned analysis
of up to eight intersections. She inquired about the intersections to be
analyzed and the rationale for analyzing only eight intersections.

Mr. Aknin reported that Staff had not defined the intersections to be
analyzed. Once the contract was approved, Staff would meet with the traffic
team to identify those intersections. Within the current model, Staff had
more than 50 intersections with data. That information could be input and
additional details gathered regarding the eight specific intersections within
the Downtown and immediately surrounding area.

Council Member Holman asked if Mr. Aknin could assure the Council that the
consultant would review data for up to 50 intersections with additional
analysis for up to eight intersections.

Mr. Aknin indicated that the contract budgeted a detailed analysis of up to
eight intersections. He could not commit to which eight intersections.
                                                                       Page 32 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/21/13
