                  WORKING MINUTES
major concern. South Palo Alto had no grade separations and only poor
access from east to west. If the City did not evaluate alternatives soon, it
would not have any options. Long-term planning was needed.

Council Member Klein did not support the proposed contract with the
consultant. The project and the timing were wrong. The City had the
necessary information. The Council would spend much more than $150,000
if it proceeded with the study. The public did not understand the significant
environmental impacts of constructing the proposed grade crossings.
Caltrain's study indicated additional grade crossings were not needed. The
Council should first determine if and when grade crossings were needed and
provide an educational program for the community. Information provided by
the study would not be utilized for 10-20 years and would be obsolete by
then. The discussion did not account for future traffic innovations. HMM
previously reported that a two-track trench would conservatively cost in the
range of $25,000-$30,000 per linear foot. Staff previously indicated the
cost of grade separations would be approximately $50 million per
separation. Funding should not be Palo Alto's responsibility. The cost of
large projects typically increased before construction was complete.
Furthermore, consideration of the study should be delayed until the Judge
issued a decision in the pending lawsuit.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to recommend the City Manager enter into a contract with Hatch Mott
MacDonald (HMM) to perform Phase 1 of the additional grade separation
design services as outlined on page 3 of the report with Staff
recommendation of: submerging the roadway at Churchill, Meadow,
Charleston, while leaving Alma at-grade, trenching the corridor from San
Antonio under Adobe Creek, Charleston, Meadow, and Barron Creek before
coming back to the surface just prior to Matadero Creek.

Council Member Kniss indicated the Council needed information in order to
plan for the future. The Council needed to plan for the future and to
consider next steps.

Vice Mayor Shepherd concurred with Council Member Burt's comments.
Caltrain was reviewing an increase in the number of trains, which would
result in a train crossing Palo Alto streets every 5 minutes. She liked the
idea of not making quick decisions in response to an EIR. The Council
needed to know which options were not viable in order to focus on other
options. The cost of the study was not much more than other studies
previously recommended by the Committee. She inquired whether the
study could be expanded to include the area to the north should the Council
wish to utilize information from the study to respond to the Caltrain EIR.
                                                                            Page 15 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
