                    MINUTES
9.   Public Hearing: Recommendation from Policy and Services Committee
     for Council to Adopt an Ordinance for Electric Vehicles Supply
     Equipment Requirement for all New Single Family Residential
     Constructions.

Peter Pirnejad, Director of Development Services, reported the Policy and
Services Committee (Committee) supported a policy to require installation of
circuitry for Electric Vehicle (EV) charging in all new single-family home
construction.    The Committee discussion included estimated costs, the
number of new homes constructed per year, and future review of the policy.
In early 2014, Staff would present to the Council information regarding
installation of EV charging in existing construction.

Jessica Sullivan, Parking Manager, indicated the Committee expressed
concern about cars exceeding the time limit for utilizing EV charging
stations. Signage for EV stations would be changed to clearly state the
three-hour time limit.

Public Hearing opened at 9:20 P.M.

Sven Thesen stated the total cost of ownership for an EV was less than a
conventional vehicle. Approximately 1.5 million EVs were anticipated to be
in use by 2025. The San Diego city gas and electric utility had a pilot
program with electric rates for charging EVs considerably lower during the
night hours. The cost structure resulted in over 80 percent of the people
charging their EVs during the night hours. Palo Alto’s permitting fee for
installing an EV charging station was $249 while the permitting fee for a
dryer outlet was $5.

Council Member Burt asked if Mr. Thesen was stating the City's fee structure
for the same 208 volt outlet was significantly less than for a dryer
connection.

Mr. Thesen indicated the purchase of an EV included portable charging
equipment which could be easily modified to utilize a 208v dryer outlet.


Richard Cassel supported adoption of the proposed Ordinance. Because
raceways would cost more to install, the proposed Ordinance would
discourage installation of EV charging stations. A 50 amp feeder would
require installation of 200 amp service, which would use more electricity.

Stephanie Munoz suggested homeowners might prefer to install solar power
sources rather than EV charging stations.  In addition, installation of
                                                                        Page 25 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
