                               MINUTES
The HRC held a Retreat in September 2013, which resulted in HRC Priorities
of advocacy for increased HSRAP funding; learning about and advocacy for
more affordable housing; and collaboration with strategic City and County
partners. In addition, the HRC wished to increase its profile within the City.

Vice Chair Bacchetti reported the HRC was interested in increasing the
visibility and the community value of the HRC through sponsorship of
community events with other HRC organizations. The HRC wished to serve
as the principle resource to the Council regarding matters within the HRC
charge. The HRC sought a role and function in the foreground of significant
human relations issues.

Chair O’Nan indicated the HRC wished to create a two-way dialog with the
Council in order to provide advice and resources to the Council and to inform
the Council regarding community issues. In the future, the HRC could align
with a Council Subcommittee to enable the HRC to respond to the Council
more efficiently and to inform the Council regarding needs in the community.

Norman Carroll noted the HRC's list of strategic relationships did not include
a relationship with those not currently being served.           Without that
relationship, the HRC was not aware of many problems.

Cybele agreed with the prior speaker's comments.

Council Member Kniss commented that identifying which jurisdictions were
responsible for different aspects of human relations issues was difficult.
Much of the HRC's work depended on County programs. She inquired about
the HRC's contact with the County and knowledge of the resources that the
County could provide.

Chair O'Nan indicated the HRC began working with the County in the past
few months. Speakers from County programs addressed the learning series
and mentioned programs in which Palo Alto did not participate. The HRC
wanted to facilitate a conversation with the City, developers and the County
regarding programs available to Palo Alto.

Vice Chair Bacchetti added that the HRC was also working with other
agencies that had relationships with County programs.

Council Member Kniss suggested the HRC meet with Supervisor Simitian or
his staff to learn about County resources.

Chair O’Nan reported the assistant to the County HRC invited Palo Alto's HRC
to participate in County subcommittees.
                                                                          Page 2 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/7/13
