                            MINUTES
Mr. Metz could potentially include a question structured in that manner. The
challenge was to keep the survey less than 20 minutes so as not to tax the
residents' patience.    If a particular project was driving a respondent's
opposition, it should be revealed in the respondent's comments to the open-
ended question. If there was time within the survey, he could attempt to
determine that information with a follow-up question.

Annette Glanckoph opposed consideration of potential ongoing rental
revenues from a digital reader board and an auto dealership at the MSC. An
auto dealership next to the Baylands could impact wildlife and would create
additional car traffic and potential danger for cyclists and pedestrians.

Stephanie Munoz was concerned about the lack of consideration of funding for
senior housing.

Michael Hmelar did not approve bundling projects with minimal public support
because there were projects the public strongly supported as a method of
seeking approval for the minimally supported projects.

James Hager requested clarification regarding the City Managers statements
regarding the City not considering selling any City real estate and Staff's
comment that property on Middlefield Road could be sold. He thought the
City Council should not approve digital reader boards.

Mr. Keene clarified that his comments referred to property at Cubberley
Community Center.

Neilsen Buchanan stated no one had refuted the count of commuters parking
on residential streets in Downtown. Adding 600 parking spaces was not a
solution to the parking problem. He requested the Council hold a Study
Session to determine the facts of parking demand.

Herb Borock agreed with Mr. Buchanan regarding parking garages. He
understood an auto dealership was originally considered at the Animal
Services Center rather than the Municipal Service Center. Under the law, he
believed tenants were responsible for paying assessments and should receive
ballots from the property owners. He asked how the Council would enforce
the requirement that property owners provide ballots to tenants. Polling
should include examples of assessments for businesses versus residences.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
accept the Staff Report providing an update on the Infrastructure
Committee’s work to evaluate infrastructure projects and their financing.

                                                                     Page 17 of 26
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 10/28/13
