                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene noted a recommendation to provide funding equivalent to 2
percent that could be allocated across the board. A salary increase for the
management group had to return as an adjustment to the Professional and
Management Compensation Plan. Salary increases for SEIU members were
subject to negotiation. The amount of funding available for Miscellaneous
Employees including SEIU members was small enough that it would not be
problematic.

Council Member Klein believed SEIU negotiators would interpret a 2 percent
increase as the minimum amount for negotiation purposes.

Mr. Keene felt 2 percent was the maximum amount.

Council Member Klein indicated a 2 percent increase was difficult to justify
because the City's benefit package was better than other jurisdictions'
packages.

Mr. Keene did not know that the City's benefit package was better. In the
analysis of the Professional and Management Compensation Plan, total
compensation allowed the City to be more competitive with other benchmark
cities; however, the City still had to make salary adjustments.         SEIU
members had not received an adjustment since 2008, and they would be
looking at the firefighter agreement which contained a 2 percent adjustment.

Council Member Klein believed the City was sending a strong signal that
SEIU members would receive at least a 2 percent increase.

Mr. Perez noted that since the benchmark study was performed,
unrepresented managers' contributions to medical premiums increased from
0-2 percent to 7-9 percent. Pension and healthcare costs continued to
increase.

Mr. Keene inquired whether the Council meant that SEIU members would
not receive salary adjustments because of increasing pension and healthcare
costs. The Finance Committee discussed CalPERS constraints on combining
benefit and salary packages.

Council Member Klein felt the burden should not belong solely to the
taxpayer.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
rescind the two percent salary increase from the 2014 Budget for
miscellaneous employees and leave any increase to negotiations.

                                                                          Page 24 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
