appropriately secure, and use       contemporary technologies to       achieve
efficiencies and cost savings.

More broadly, a Leading Digital City of the Future is a connected City, one
that provides services that enable citizens to get online quickly and
efficiently such as fast municipal Wi-Fi and Fiber-to-the-Premises (FTTP).
Connectivity is the future and the future for Palo Alto fiber should be now.

Fiber to the Premises
Two Palo Alto priorities for 2013 are infrastructure and technology. The one
area where we can take action that merges these priorities in a game
changing manner is bringing ultra high speed internet to our homes and
businesses. In 1996, our city built a 33-mile, optical fiber ring routed within
Palo Alto to enable better Internet connections. Since then, we have been
licensing use of this fiber to businesses. For the past decade, this activity
has shown substantial positive cash flow and is currently making in excess of
$2 million dollars a year for the city. We now have that money in the bank
earmarked for more fiber investments.

Clearly, the Internet has changed our lives and our community. It has
become integral to our very existence and radically altered the way we
communicate, learn, conduct business, socialize, shop, and entertain
ourselves. Since 1996, Google, Yahoo, Wikipedia, Facebook, YouTube, eBay,
Amazon, Skype, and Twitter were founded or went public. Internet users
grew in number to over 2 billion worldwide. Our computers are 1000 times
faster than those in 1996. Yet sadly, the technology and infrastructure
medium by which our homes and businesses connect to the Internet
electrons over copper wire-- has not changed. It is still slow and expensive.

For the last several years, our civic leaders and City staff have discussed
bringing ultra high speed internet to our homes and businesses. Over the
years several plans were developed, but not implemented for a variety of
reasons. Ultra high speed internet has been a Palo Alto vision for a long
time. Now is the time to fulfill that vision. Google has recently deployed
ultra high speed internet in Kansas City. Palo Alto can do better and has all
of the elements that will make this a success.

In 2013, I believe that Palo Alto needs to develop and initiate a plan to cost-
effectively bring Fiber to the Premises (FTTP), which is light over optical
fiber, to businesses and homes in our city, offering at least 1-gigabit
Internet connection speeds in both directions.           Furthermore, fiber’s
enormous bandwidth compared to copper or wireless media makes it a
comparatively future-proof infrastructure that will keep Palo Alto at the
forefront of technology and connected cities in the world.


                                      15
