                               MINUTES

Mr. Eggleston reported the cost estimate of $6.9 million was predicated on
the Animal Services Center being relocated and rebuilt at the Los Altos
Treatment Plant site, if there was a project for the Animal Services Center.

Council Member Holman recalled the Project would cost approximately $7
million to rebuild the Animal Services Center at its current location.

Mr. Eggleston understood the cost estimate was based on relocating the
Animal Services Center, but he would review the information.

Council Member Holman inquired whether polling language would indicate
the Animal Services Center would be relocated.

Mr. Metz stated if the Project assumed relocation, then that would be
mentioned in the survey question as contributing to the total cost of $7
million.

Council Member Holman was troubled by the language being included in the
polling, because the Council had not formulated policy on the issue.

Council Member Klein reported including projects in the poll was not
indicative of the Council's approval of the projects.

Council Member Holman expressed concern that positive polling results
regarding the Animal Services Center could be used to say the community
supported the Animal Services Center if the Council relocated it.

Mr. Keene explained cost estimates were developed when the Council was
considering relocating the Animal Services Center and reusing some of the
site for other purposes. Polling would provide information for the Council to
decide whether to refine project details or consider alternatives.

Council Member Holman was troubled by the description for the Animal
Services Center Project.

Mr. Keene did not have an alternative description, since the description in
the Staff Report was the only one Staff had analyzed.

Council Member Holman believed a cost estimate was determined for
rebuilding the Animal Services Center in place. Her concern was the
relocation aspect.


                                                                       Page 30 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
