                              MINUTES
Council Member Holman suggested the Historic Resources Board (HRB)
make recommendations to City Staff rather than the Architectural Review
Board (ARB). That language made the HRB subservient to the ARB, which
made recruiting for the HRB difficult.

Mayor Scharff did not believe the issue was agendized for the current
meeting.

Council Member Holman indicated the language was in the document
proposed for adoption.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported an Ordinance adjusted the procedural
aspects of appointing new Commissioners.        Council Member Holman's
suggestion related to land-use and historical issues and substantive
authority. That topic was a separate item and should be agendized.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Staff would present resignations to
the Council for determination of when to recruit for the vacant positions.

Ms. Grider stated Staff would present resignations to the Council to
determine whether to leave positions vacant until the next recruitment or
hold a special recruitment.

Council Member Schmid asked if Staff would hold continuous recruitment.

Ms. Grider answered yes.     Staff could provide applications along with
resignations.

Council Member Schmid suggested advertisements move away from the
general circulation commitment. Advertising to the general public was as
valuable and important as utilizing internal contacts.

Council Member Berman looked forward to positive results from the revised
Recruitment Program.

Council Member Burt encouraged Staff to consider holding volunteer fairs as
part of community events where community attendance was high.
Participation of Board Members and Commissioners certainly benefited
recruitment; however, the danger was recruitment would be limited to a
small population.




                                                                       Page 21 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 8/12/13
