                       WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired about the amount of overtime the Police
Department was expending to be present at Cubberley.

Police Captain Ron Watson reported an officer was located at Cubberley each
evening from 6:00 P.M. until midnight. The monthly cost was approximately
$14,000. At the direction of the City Manager's office, an officer would be
stationed at Cubberley for the foreseeable future.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the first opportunity for a second
reading of the Ordinance was September 9, 2013, and whether the
Ordinance would become effective 30 days after the second reading or
October 9, 2013.

Ms. Stump concurred. A second reading of the proposed Ordinance had not
been scheduled.

Council Member Klein believed the earliest date for a second reading of the
proposed Ordinance was September 9, 2013.

Ms. Stump agreed. The Ordinance would become effective 31 days after a
second reading.

Council Member Klein felt Staff erred by allowing the homeless population to
utilize the showers at Cubberley. The Council cared about the neighborhood
residents and homeless people. Homeless people had rights, but no more
rights than anyone else. The homeless did not have the right to declare
Cubberley to be a homeless shelter. The homeless population at Cubberley
was growing. The City's obligations were to protect the neighborhood and
the community center and to help disadvantaged people. The Policy and
Services Committee recommended two programs: one for housing and one
for health services. Provision of social services was a County responsibility;
however, Palo Alto could provide assistance. The Council should act now
rather than allowing further delay.

Council Member Schmid agreed the number of homeless people was
increasing; however, the increase was surprising in that the economy
improving. The increase in the homeless population in Palo Alto was
probably due to the closure of Clara Mateo Shelter. Homelessness was
connected with many other issues.           Health and community services
comprised approximately half of the County's budget. The County collected
a portion of property taxes to fund services. The City of Palo Alto did not
have sufficient resources to resolve the issue of homelessness.


                                                                           Page 16 of 24
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                        Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
