                              MINUTES
believed they could do so without utilizing the Maybell-Clemo project, but
needed to confirm with HCD that alternative sites were feasible.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to continue Agenda Item Number 13, “Adoption of a Resolution
Adopting the 2007-2014 Housing Element of the Comprehensive Plan and
Approving a Negative Declaration,” to June 10, 2013 per Staff’s
recommendation.

Council Member Klein requested Staff comment on efforts to notify the
community about continuation of the Agenda Item.

Mr. Keene stated the         Planning    Department     attempted      to      contact
neighborhood leaders.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent

4.    Presentation of the City of Palo Alto 3-Year IT Strategy.

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer presented the 3-Year IT
strategy. The strategy covered technology trends, the current IT landscape,
vision, mission and goals. The four strategic goals were: 1) deploy digital
city capabilities, 2) implement IT governance, 3) standardize and enhance
service delivery, and 4) upgrade technology infrastructure and formalize
information security. Accomplishments and future initiatives that align to the
strategic plan were also shared. Staff responded to Council questions
regarding security in the cloud by indicating that going to the cloud entails
moving technology services from our data center to selected vendors’ data
center. The cloud vendors that we select are required to go through a
rigorous evaluation process to ensure that they meet our security
requirements. There are several large public agencies and states that have
moved technology services to the cloud. When asked whether City systems
have ever been hacked, Staff responded by saying that it was not about
when, but if the City would know that systems have been hacked - this is a
key reason for hiring a Security Manager in 2012. Staff recently
implemented an extra layer of security (firewall) and is currently underway
with implementing measures to further prepare for security incidents. If
more funding were made available Staff would propose a dedicated
procurement resource to help expedite the purchasing process for
technology solutions. Last year Staff deployed an open data platform which
was the basis for sharing all the data of the City with the community. A data
strategy should be developed for how data would be leveraged for decision-
making. Many cities look to Palo Alto for innovation. At the same time Palo
Alto looks at other cities in California as well as large cities like Chicago, New
                                                                               Page 3 of 20
                                                               Special City Council Meeting
                                                                          Minutes: 5/20/13
