Numbers 3, 8, and 10 had been submitted to the Council or City
Commissions, and inquired if other projects had not been submitted.

Mr. Rodriguez reported almost all the projects were submitted to the public
in some form or another. Staff updated the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) on the Palo Alto Traffic Signal Project in 2012.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the only project not presented to the public
was the Birch Street Gateway.

Mr. Rodriguez replied yes.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt strongly the City should not have to apply for
grants for the Transit Mall, and inquired about sources for the $10 million
local match.

Mr. Rodriguez suggested local match funding could come from the Stanford
University Medical Center funds, City-wide traffic funds, or partnering with
the private community. If the projects were funded, the City would probably
be responsible for finding the local match source.

Vice Mayor Shepherd did not want private philanthropic dollars funding the
Transit Mall. She asked if Staff would have time to prepare all the proposals
prior to the deadline.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff was already working on the proposals. A
consultant was hired to help develop some proposals, and Staff was
developing some proposals in-house.         If the Council approved all ten
projects, Staff would have all ten proposals ready before March 5.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether it would be useful for the Council to
prioritize projects.

Mr. Rodriguez answered no. Trying to prioritize would not add any benefit to
the process. The projects the community suggested prioritizing were the
same projects that would score well.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if a bike lane connecting the San Antonio train
station from Palo Alto was considered or could the Council add that to the
list.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the Council could add projects to the list.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
direct Staff to submit application grants for the ten (10) identified projects to
                                    17                     February 11, 2013
