          MINUTES
to design a process for and have the capacity to support and implement
topics suggested by the Council. Citizen participation and outreach alone
would be a major undertaking. The Comprehensive Plan and Cumulative
Impact initiative was the organizing focus around which other planning
processes had to converge.        The entire process would be a public
collaboration that would be iterative and evolutionary. Staff could provide
recommendations on the two PC projects for specific action prior to returning
with components for the Comprehensive Plan discussion. He questioned
whether the Council wished to target February 2, 2014 for Staff to return
with the process design and resource plan.

Ms. Gitelman noted public and Council comments covered many aspects of
planning. Staff could return with specific resource and scheduling items or
continue the Study Session discussion.

Council Member Holman wanted to continue the discussion to either
December 9 or 16, 2013 in order to provide clear direction to Staff regarding
next steps.

Mr. Keene could not include the discussion on either December 9 or 16.
Staff could return on one of those dates with the two PC projects.

Council Member Holman clarified that Staff would not need to return on
December 9 or 16 with responses. She wanted the Council to complete the
dialog in order to provide Staff with definitive direction.

Mayor Scharff agreed the December 9 and 16 Agendas were full. The
Council could hold a Special Meeting in December 2013; however, he was
unsure if a Special Meeting was necessary.        He understood Staff
recommended February 2014 as a possible date.

Mr. Keene reported Staff would return sooner than February 2014 if they
could complete the work sooner. The main themes for discussion were
clear. He wondered whether a Council discussion of next steps would be
efficient.

Council Member Kniss did not believe a discussion of next steps was needed.
Staff would have a difficult time summarizing the Council discussion.

Council Member Holman reiterated that she wished to hold a Council
discussion to assist Staff with determining next steps.

Council Member Kniss expressed confidence in Staff's ability.

                                                                         Page 19 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/02/13
