                               MINUTES
structure on each one. Staff was also reviewing zoning use and parking
exemptions, specifically in the Emerson Street Retail Corridor. Phase 1 of
the Downtown Development Cap Study focused on data collection and
analysis of Downtown parking issues. A Request for Proposal (RFP) was
scheduled to be released by the end of March 2013. Staff would return in
April 2013 for more discussion of the Arts and Innovation District at 27
University Avenue.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, reported Staff monitored
parking occupancy on the street and in parking structures and surface lots.
The use of parking permits within garages decreased compared to a year
ago. One reason for the decrease was the turnover of companies within the
Downtown area. The demand for permits remained high; however, usage
decreased. The South of Forest Area (SOFA) had a consistent demand for
parking. The City released a large number of permits for structured parking
garages, and increased permit sales at surface parking lots. On-street
parking increased compared to the prior year, because of companies
transitioning in the Downtown area.

Mr. Williams would not eliminate the likelihood that a number of people were
not buying parking permits, because it was less expensive to park free in the
neighborhoods. The existing Development Cap for Downtown was 350,000
square feet. As of the end of 2012, 223,000 square feet were approved.
Pending in the development review process were 95,000 net additional
square feet, for a total of 318,000 square feet. At least one additional
project of 13,500 square feet had been discussed but not submitted. Staff
estimated projects under construction or in process would generate a need
for 665 new vehicle spaces not provided on-site.          The projects were
compliant with parking requirements, but they had other means for
providing parking. Between the saturation issues and the potential for new
project impacts, it was appropriate to discuss near-term actions. Lot P
provided 51 surface parking spaces, all hourly spaces, as part of the
Downtown Parking Assessment District. Staff requested the Council direct
them to return within two months with more details regarding a parking
garage on Lot P.       Staff expected to release the Phase 1 Downtown
Development Cap RFP by the end of March; was scheduled to return to the
Council on April 15, 2013 to outline a process for the 27 University Avenue
Project; and was scheduled to present the preliminary Garage Parking Study
by the middle of May 2013, possibly with more details on a proposal for Lot
P. Staff suggested establishing a stakeholder task force to work through
these processes. He hoped to have an attendant trial in place at one garage
by July 2013; to have transportation demand management (TDM) measures
and parking reductions in place by September 2013 as well as neighborhood
parking restrictions and TDR discussions.
                                                                        Page 7 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
