                                MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd suggested a Council Member move to continue
discussion of the uses of the fine.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to limit discussion to everything but potential use of the fine and for Staff to
bring a recommendation back in 90 days.

Council Member Kniss felt the Council should decide the penalty amount,
and at another time decide the use of the penalty funds.

Ms. Stump understood that Staff identified the amount of a payment that
would be a component of the public benefit to replace the lost public benefit.
The Motion proposed to determine the amount of the penalty and continue
the policy discussion regarding use of the funds to a later time.

Council Member Kniss referenced public comments in favor of a sidewalk
along Bayshore Road. It would be unfair to vote on the penalty amount only
while allowing the public to believe the funds would be spent only on
sidewalks.

Ms. Stump indicated Council Member Kniss' description was the appropriate
way for the Council to proceed, and presumed the recommended penalty
amount was fair.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Motion proposed future
Council discussion of the amount of the penalty.

Council Member Klein explained that the Council would discuss whether to
impose a fine and, if so, the amount of the fine.

Council Member Holman clarified that the Motion continued discussion of the
use of the monies.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Council Member Schmid referenced the original valuation of the property of
$600,000 and the current valuation of approximately $942,000. He asked if
the value reflected a market value of the property to users.

Ms. Lee responded no. The value was the amount Staff anticipated the
applicant would utilize to generate a building permit fee.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether a statement that the reconstructed
building had an enhanced value was reasonable.
                                                                           Page 15 of 24
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 10/7/13
