                            MINUTES
Mayor Scharff believed he or his designee would report on the negotiations
and possible compromise at the meeting on June 17, 2013, and asked if the
Motion would be held in abeyance.

Council Member Klein replied yes.     If the negotiations resulted in no
compromise, then the Motion would be open to debate and action.

Mayor Scharff requested the City Clerk retain the Motion for possible future
action.

Council Member Klein substituted Maybell Action Group for Coalition for Safe
and Sensible Zoning.    The Mayor had discretion to include additional
neighborhood designees to the negotiations.

Council Member Berman supported the Motion to Continue because it
allowed additional community input; however, timing issues were a concern.
He questioned the impact of Council discussions on the negotiations. He
would not support the Motion to Continue unless the topics for negotiation
were limited to number of houses, height of houses, and setbacks.

Council Member Kniss agreed with Council Member Berman regarding
limiting the topics for negotiation. She inquired whether the negotiations
would be open to the full project or limited to the application and Council
changes.

Mayor Scharff, as meeting facilitator, would limit the negotiation to issues
discussed at Council meetings; consequently, the Council should not worry
about vast and inappropriate changes to the project.

Council Member Kniss requested the negotiation be limited to those
parameters which the Council, as a voting body, was asked to review.

Council Member Klein did not believe restricting negotiations would be
helpful. The Mayor, as facilitator, should guide the discussion.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION TO CONTINUE: Council Member Kniss moved,
seconded by Council Member Schmid to restrict the conversation to what
was discussed on June 13, 2013, leaving discretion to the Mayor. Discussion
will address the actual Motion made on June 13, 2013.

Council Member Schmid reiterated concerns about timing.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION TO CONTINUE PASSED:                    6-3 Burt, Klein,
Scharff no


                                                                        Page 15 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
