                                MINUTES
Bob Moss reported the Architectural Review Board (ARB) failed to consider
the scale of and setback for buildings a number of times.         Placing
commercial buildings against sidewalks was not New Urbanism. The City
needed wider setbacks from the street. Suggestions in the Colleague's
Memo were an excellent approach to accomplish that.

Council Member Holman reported the City received much criticism of
approved projects for reasons outlined in the Colleague's Memo. A number
of buildings underachieved the community's standards. The Council should
review the El Camino Real Plan and South El Camino Real Design Guidelines
and codify the best principles in those documents. The sidewalk width as
referenced in the El Camino Real Plan was inadequate. Some of the new
buildings did not follow the basic design principle of form following function.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid that the Staff, Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and
Architecture Review Board (ARB) review sidewalk widths and how buildings
address the street with a focus on El Camino Real and with reference to the
Grand Blvd. Design Guidelines and return to Council with suggested zoning
amendments that implement the vision expressed in the Grand Boulevard
Plan, and revise the South El Camino Real guidelines and zoning as
appropriate to make them consistent with this vision.         Other major
thoroughfares, including but not limited to Alma, Downtown, California
Avenue and Charleston should be addressed in this context, as Staff feels is
appropriate at this time.

Council Member Holman noted questions used to evaluate the success of a
building. It was appropriate to say no to a project that did not positively
contribute to the City. Buildings should be positive contributors to Palo
Alto's built environment.

Council Member Schmid enthusiastically supported the Motion. Buildings
should include the public in their design and presentation. The Motion asked
Staff, the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and the ARB to
consider other centers of activity in Palo Alto. The Motion suggested
designing for sidewalks, but building to create an environment.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked how the Comprehensive Plan addressed issues
in the Colleague's Memo.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment,
would review the Comprehensive Plan revisions and return to the Council
with information. If the Council adopted these changes, they should be
incorporated into the Comprehensive Plan.
                                                                            Page 16 of 18
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/15/13
