                               MINUTES

James Keene, City Manager, noted that Mr. Williams was firm but fair, was
funny, understood the politics and community dynamics of Palo Alto, had a
great sense of humor, and was always positive. Mr. Williams exemplified the
highest standards of public service.

Council Member Holman appreciated Mr. Williams' humor and creativity with
respect to Halloween decorations, costumes and themes.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the Resolution expressing appreciation to Curtis Williams
upon his retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the Board of Directors of the Friends
of the Junior Museum and Zoo were discussing a significant matching gift
program to rebuild the Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo. Members of the
Teen Arts Council recorded more than 2,000 volunteer hours the previous
year and more than 10,000 community service hours over the previous four
years. Post cards regarding the cross-bore program and the water quality
report were being mailed to residents and businesses. A groundbreaking
event for the Main Library Expansion and Renovation Project was scheduled
for 2:00 P.M. on June 25, 2013. The City sold the second series of the
General Obligation Bonds for the library project the prior week resulting in
approximately $20.7 million.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jeffrey Bedolla requested support to continue the Pace Car Program, a civic
booster program to encourage safety.

Heidi Emberling, Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) Board Member,
presented PAUSD's statement of support for residents of Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park. Relocating these families would undermine PAUSD's economic
and ethnic diversity.

Stephanie Munoz felt it was okay for the City to sell zoning if the City
outlined the consequences beforehand.       If the City had discussed the
Maybell Avenue project prior to making a commitment, perhaps a
philanthropist could have donated the senior center project to the City.

                                                                           Page 3 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes June 17, 2013
