                               MINUTES
Over a year ago, the Council directed Staff to explore the project with the
Developer. The Council was not deciding the public benefit at the current
time. It was reviewing the methodology of the economic analysis of a public
benefit value.     This type of analysis was performed to determine
construction costs for a construction loan. She wanted to see the economic
benefit of a no build and the value of a 30,000-square-foot Research and
Development building. From there, she wanted to determine the added
value for the project. The City could create exemptions to capture a public
benefit. She would include the land cost in order to explain to investors the
cost of the project. With no zoning changes, it appeared the City would
need to provide a public benefit to the Developer to develop the site. This
type of analysis was not typical for the Council. She wanted to see what
could be built versus a proposed project. She inquired whether it was
typical to give away the square footage of the building, and whether the site
of the proposed Public Safety Building was currently vacant.

Mr. Aknin reported one building was located there with a vacant construction
site adjacent.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested an explanation of the consideration of the
square footage of the parking site with the 30,000 square feet that could be
built under current Research and Development zoning. A Research and
Development building did not require the same number of parking spaces as
a Class A office building.

Mr. Aknin explained that generally outside the Downtown commercial
district, parking was not included in the overall FAR totals. Within the
Downtown commercial district, parking was included in FAR.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official, noted in some districts above-grade
parking was included in FAR.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if below-grade parking was part of the FAR.

Ms. French indicated below-grade was not included in FAR.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked how the Council should consider the 164,000
square feet of parking, because it could not all be placed underground.

Mr. Aknin suggested the Council consider that as part of the overall
development application in terms of a suitable use for the site. A suitable
land use for the site was a different issue.


                                                                       Page 15 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
