              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              DRAFT MINUTES

                                                             Special Meeting
                                                            February 4, 2013

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:08 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
           Shepherd

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.   City of Palo Alto Performance Report for FY 2012 (Service Efforts and
     Accomplishments), The National Citizen Survey 2012, and Citizen
     Centric Report for Fiscal Year 2012.

The Office of the City Auditor presented the City of Palo Alto Performance
Report (formerly Service Efforts and Accomplishments) for Fiscal Year 2012.
This was the 11th annual Performance Report for the City of Palo Alto. The
report incorporated results from the annual National Citizen Survey™
conducted through the National Research Center. Performance reporting is
intended to supplement the City’s financial reports and statements with
additional performance data, trends, and comparisons. The goal was to
provide the City Council, Staff, and the public with an independent, impartial
assessment of past performance to help inform future decisions. The report
used financial data obtained from various City documents as well as directly
from departments. Expenditure and revenue data was primarily based on
Fiscal Year 2012 Actuals from the City’s budget. An alternative view of the
data, based on the City’s Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, can be
seen at a high level in the Citizen Centric Report.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager announced the City successfully deployed a new,
redesigned intranet on February 1, 2013. The intranet used the same
software as the external website.      The City's Transportation Staff
implemented signage and roadway marking improvements at the


                                                                      Page 1 of 30
