                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether potential impacts would be
identified.

Mr. Bobel had every intention of addressing impacts in the EIR. Staff
anticipated that TDS levels would meet the 600 ppm goal by the time any
Project was built. Current recycled water met the goal through use of
blended water.

Council Member Holman requested that impacts be addressed head on.

Council Member Burt asked how long the City had been using blended water
with a TDS level less than 600 ppm.

Mr. Bobel reported the last six months.

Council Member Burt requested the TDS level a few years ago.

Mr. Bobel indicated the TDS level for blended water was slightly above 600
ppm.

Council Member Burt asked if blended water had been used all along.

Mr. Bobel answered yes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff anticipated the cost of recycled
water being less than the cost of Hetch Hetchy water.

Mr. Procos stated Staff applied for an $8 million federal grant, and was
considering low-interest State Revolving Fund Loans.     Based on those
sources of funding, recycled water would be competitive with Hetch Hetchy
water.

Council Member Burt reiterated that recycled water would be competitive
only if the City received the federal grant and Hetch Hetchy rates increased
as projected. He inquired whether Staff considered that the cost of recycled
water was greater than the cost of Hetch Hetchy water.

Mr. Procos explained that other agencies were searching for alternatives to
Hetch Hetchy water, which would further increase the cost of Hetch Hetchy
water. The federal grant was the unknown funding source.

Council Member Burt asked if the original plan objectives were to use less
Hetch Hetchy water and to have recycled water at a lower cost than Hetch
Hetchy water.
                                                                          Page 16 of 20
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 4/8/13
