                               MINUTES

Mr. Perez noted the projection included revenue from one hotel, but not all
four.

Council Member Burt indicated the question for the Council was whether to
set aside new revenue streams for infrastructure improvement.

Council Member Price said Staff could project TOT revenue once a hotel
project was under construction. With respect to savings from the third tier
for pension, she asked if Staff had any information that would allow them to
provide a wide range of possible savings.

Mr. Perez explained that City Staff had limited data regarding the many
factors that would be required to calculate any savings. An actuarial firm
would have much more of the data needed to provide a reasonable estimate
of any savings. It would take a while for savings to occur, because the
number of employees in the third tier was small.

Council Member Price inquired whether Mr. Perez discussed and compared
assumptions with financial officers from other agencies.

Mr. Perez indicated that financial officers discussed general assumptions and
lately CalPERS changes. Because of differences in benefits and employee
data, Palo Alto's assumptions would be different from the assumptions
another agency would make. Comparisons could be made in a few areas,
but some areas would always be different.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the amount of funds CalPERS was
required to keep on hand; the bankruptcy cases of California cities; and
whether CalPERS would ever default on its obligations.

Mr. Perez reported that CalPERS ran hundreds of models, and each model
indicated that the proposed changes were necessary to prevent the funding
level from reaching 50 percent in the next 20 years. He did not have any
information regarding the Stockton and San Bernardino bankruptcy cases.
CalPERS would not allow an agency to stop making payments and would
take any action needed to ensure payments continued.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, stated San Bernardino had not been ruled
eligible for bankruptcy, and CalPERS was challenging the case.  San
Bernardino was in arrears with their CalPERS payments.

Council Member Klein requested the dollar amount represented by the
additional 1 percent per year for unforeseen pension cost increases.
                                                                        Page 8 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/13/13
