                                MINUTES

Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works recommended the Council
adopt a finding that the Main Library Renovation Project was a substantially
complex project. With that designation, Staff could include in the invitation
for bid and construction contract documents a 10 percent retention
requirement rather than a 5 percent retention requirement. The retention
amount ensured that contractors successfully completed jobs.           SB293
changed the Public Contracts Code to allow a maximum 5 percent retention
unless the governing body made the finding of substantial complexity.
Design and construction documents were complete; bids were due in early
April; and the Main Library would close on April 30, 2013. Staff would return
to the Council in early May to award the construction contract. Construction
would begin in June 2013, with a completion date of Fall 2014.

Public hearing opened and closed at 8:06 P.M. without public comment.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to find the proposed Main Library Expansion and Renovation Project
“substantially complex” under Public Contract Code Section 7201, and to
allow this project to be advertised with a retention amount of ten (10)
percent.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

16.   Update and Direction to Staff Regarding Development Process for
      Edgewood Plaza.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment reported
Edgewood Plaza was a combination shopping center and housing Planned
Community (PC) zone. The Project included a grocery store, two historically
designated buildings, and ten single family homes.             Building 1 was
demolished in violation of the Planned Community Ordinance and contrary to
a mitigation measure in the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) certified for
the Project. Because of environmental law, the EIR needed to be revised to
account for the loss of the historic structure. The grocery store and other
commercial development was critical to this Project and a public benefit. It
was important to proceed with the grocery store and to ensure Building 2
was not demolished. Among Staff's recommendations were performing a
Supplemental EIR (SEIR), amending the PC Ordinance, allowing construction
of the grocery building and related improvements, relocating the historic
sign on the site, hiring a third-party historic consultant to monitor
rehabilitation of Building 2, and prohibiting the construction of Building 1 and
housing until the SEIR and the PC amendment process was complete.
Building 1 required historic and environmental analysis to determine how it

03-04-2013                                                            112- 346
