                          DRAFT MINUTES
five years, the Vacation began after the first meeting in August and
extended through Labor Day. The Winter Break traditionally occurred the
week between Christmas and Near Year's Day. The Winter Break could
extend for more than one week if the Council chose. If the Council proposed
a measure for the ballot, the Council had to provide it the 88th day prior to
the election according to the Election Code. The 88th day would occur on
August 9, 2013. The last day of school was May 30, 2013, and the first day
was August 15, 2013. The Budget was tentatively set for approval on June
10, 2013.

Herb Borock recalled that when the Council provided for a Vacation, the
Council determined that there should not be any Regular or Special Meetings
of the Council or its Committees during the Vacation. The Code provision
was changed to allow a meeting to determine the random order of the
ballot. During a recent election year, the City Attorney used the Secretary
of State's random ballot to implement the Charter provision of choosing the
ballot order by lot. The Code should be changed not to allow Regular or
Special Meetings, but to allow Emergency Meetings. Utilizing the Secretary
of State's method for choosing a random ballot should be included in the
Code.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether qualification of a ballot measure
could occur at any time prior to the 88th day before an election.

Ms. Grider explained that she had to provide a certified Resolution and the
proposed Ordinance to the Board of Supervisors on the 88th day.
Traditionally, the Council reviewed the measure in June and July with Staff
Reports.

Council Member Kniss stated the Council could make its decision prior to the
Vacation.

Ms. Grider agreed.

Council Member Kniss asked if July 29, 2013 was a Monday.

Ms. Grider replied yes. It was a fourth Monday, and the Council could call a
Special Meeting for that date.

Council Member Kniss stated the Council could have a last meeting on July
29 and return on the first Monday in August.

Ms. Grider noted the first Monday in August was August 5.

                                                                        Page 26 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
