                       WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Burt suggested the Council request the Policy and Services
Committee engage the HRC in the process in a meaningful way. In this
manner, the Policy and Services Committee could determine the HRC's
participation.

Ms. Antil noted that with respect to Item Number 2 the Policy and Services
Committee recommended Staff present items to the Council rather than the
Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Scharff understood information would be presented to the Council and
that the Policy and Services Committee would not take a further role.
Therefore, further involvement by the Policy and Services Committee would
cause delay.

Ms. Antil indicated the Policy and Services Committee directed Staff to
return to the Policy and Services Committee with Item Number 5, potential
use of Stanford University Medical Center Development Agreement funds.

Mayor Scharff stated Council Member Holman was Chair of the Policy and
Services Committee the previous year, and asked why she did not refer the
topic to the HRC then.

Council Member Holman believed the issue was presented to the Policy and
Services Committee in November 2011, was not presented the prior year,
and was presented twice in the current year.

Mayor Scharff understood the Policy and Services Committee considered the
vehicle habitation ban.

Council Member Holman suggested the Amendment read "direct the Policy
and Services Committee to engage the Human Relations Commission in the
process of delivering a recommendation."

Council Member Burt agreed with the proposed language change. He
inquired whether the determination of a program would be between Staff
and the HRC.

Ms. Antil reported Staff would present the HRC recommendations to the
Council as they would be interested in Staff's proposal for a new program. A
significant budget amount was needed and would need Council approval.

Council Member Burt felt the proposed Amendment allowed the Policy and
Services Committee or Staff to determine an appropriate role for the HRC.

                                                                          Page 21 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
