                  WORKING MINUTES

Ms. Keith could track the responses from multiple postings.

Council Member Klein concurred with Council Member Kniss' comments in
that it would not be difficult to determine community values. He did not
understand the distinction between Council values and community values.
The Core Values should endure and not change with each Council. The
Council discussion should not require hours.

Mr. Keene felt the Council/community distinction could be confusing. The
topic should be promoted as the Council engaging in a conversation with the
community in order to formulate values to guide Council decisions. The
Council would see a pattern in the results that would determine values.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed holding community dialogs was difficult;
however, community engagement could be fun. She was interested in
engaging the daytime citizenship and learning their reasons for working in
Palo Alto. She supported the use of youth in engaging the community.
Engaging Leadership Palo Alto's mix of residents and nonresidents would be
helpful. She was most interested in reaching residents who did not routinely
engage the Council and Staff and in capturing the essence of Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid suggested the purpose of defining Core Values
include the wider context of processes.       The Council and Boards and
Commissions could have Agenda items to discuss values and to allow public
comment. Accessing communication networks of neighborhood associations
and schools would be helpful. He supported gathering feedback from people
who did not usually participate. Staff should ensure they had sufficient time
to perform outreach and to process information.

Council Member Burt agreed the Council had a general sense of community
values. The Council's diverse opinions regarding Core Values captured most
of the range of community responses. The Council wanted to receive input
and to frame the discussion. He questioned whether Core Values should be
values of the community or values for the City government. Education was
a community value, but it was not actionable by the City government. The
Council did not want to capture that type of value. Community values and
values for City government were aligned but not necessarily identical. As a
responsibility emergency preparedness was part of the value structure.
Staff had to capture that type of value. He inquired whether the Policy and
Services Committee could place the item on its Agenda in the next few
weeks.

Council Member Kniss reported the Agenda was busy.
                                                                            Page 23 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
