                                MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to direct Staff to work with the Palo Alto Unified School District on staggering
school start times, expanding the School Pool Program (carpooling) and
marketing alternative, safe routes to school throughout the community.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved to add the possibility of
looking at Ventura as a school site.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

24.   (Former Agenda No. 25) Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution
      9349 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Adopting the 2007-2014 Housing Element of the Comprehensive Plan
      and Approving a Negative Declaration (Continued from May 20,
      2013).”

Tim Wong, Senior Planner, reported the 2007-2014 Housing Element
required the City to accommodate 2,860 units.             The Planning and
Transportation Commission (PTC) and the Regional Housing Mandate
Committee approved the Housing Element. Program 2.2.6 was removed
from the Housing Element, because the relevant two parcels were contained
within the Pedestrian and Transit-Oriented Development (PTOD) overlay.
Program 3.5.1 was removed because it was no longer needed. The title of
Table 2.58 was revised. The Regional Housing Mandate Committee directed
Staff to find an additional 15-30 housing sites, because of the community's
interest in rezoning for the Maybell Avenue project. To prepare for the
possibility that Program 2.2.8 (the Maybell Avenue project) could be
removed from the Housing Element, Staff proposed 17 sites located on San
Antonio Avenue to replace the units. Because Program 2.2.8 was not
removed from the Housing Element, Staff recommended the 17 sites located
on San Antonio Avenue be removed from the proposal. With rezoning of the
Maybell Avenue project, the City had a small surplus of housing units. The
Council directed Staff to identify sites along California Avenue, El Camino
Real and University Avenue. The majority of sites were located within those
three corridors. Commercial uses were not rezoned to strictly residential
uses. Staff added text to the Housing Element regarding realistic capacity in
response to concerns of the California Department of Housing and
Community Development's (HCD). Staff designated the Research Office
Limited Manufacturing (ROLM) District east of Highway 101 as the area for
emergency shelters. Staff defined each housing program with a specific
timeframe and a responsible agency.            The City's proposed hotel
condominiums did not meet the definition of a dwelling unit; therefore, they
                                                                            Page 19 of 22
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes June 17, 2013
