                              MINUTES
Mr. Keene agreed with the thought process of Council Member Berman that
there was unification between the two Motions with a matter of emphasis
separating them. The question was to what extend did the Council see a
TDM program happening and to necessity. He reiterated once the process
began Staff would be returning to the Council regarding updated timelines.

Council Member Kniss expressed bringing both the Motion and Substitute
Motion together. Traffic and parking have been a point of debate for the
community for many years. She suggested Staff attempt to combine the
Motions to a suitable and agreeable product for the entire Council.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to Table the item.

Vice Mayor Shepherd clarified Council Members’ Kniss and Price were
electing to have Staff return to the Council with a combined effort of the
Motions but she did not feel tabling was the proper method to accomplish
that goal.

Council Member Klein asked Councilmember Kniss to withdraw her Motion to
Table and replace it with a Motion to Continue. He felt there should be the
creation of a Committee with one Council Member from each side of the
argument, appointed by the Mayor, to resolve the differences.

MOTION TO TABLE WITHDRAWN

MOTION TO CONTINUE: Council Member Klein moved, Mayor Scharff
seconded to form a Committee of two Council Members, to be appointed by
the Mayor to draft a Resolution with respect to a Transportation Demand
Management plan and bring back to Council by the first meeting in October.

Council Member Burt supported the Motion to Continue. He believed the
entire Council was in agreement on the issue and on embracing an
aggressive and comprehensive TDM program. It was well advised to not rush
in to something that was going to be a multi-year project. He acknowledged
input from experts and the community would be an important part on how to
frame the direction to the consultant.

Vice Mayor Shepherd saw the merit of the Substitute Motion and had some
of the same views in developing the Colleagues Memo. Her understanding as
a participant of the Colleagues Memo was there would be community and
expert involvement and outreach prior to moving forward with the TDM
program.

                                                                     Page 30 of 31
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 9/16/13
