                                MINUTES
Council Member Schmid stated from the City’s perspective, schools were
critical to the health of the City. Schools were dependent upon a healthy
City. The City and PAUSD would benefit from working cooperatively to
create a win-win situation at Cubberley.

Camille Townsend, Palo Alto Unified School District Board Member, indicated
the Report provided relevant information and a starting point for discussion.
The community-wide nature of the CCAC was an invaluable tool in seeking
input from a new host of citizens. Having a well-defined problem with well-
defined goals would help achieve an outcome. She was interested in the
number of services provided at school facilities outside of the school day.

Heidi Emberling, Palo Alto Unified School District Board Member, believed
Cubberley provided an important community service and was an integral
part of the community. The CCAC's Report provided a roadmap for future
discussion. The opportunities between school and community enhanced
both schools and communities.

Council Member Holman supported performing a community needs
assessment. Collaboration was important. She could not discern from the
Report where the basic and broad visions occurred or would occur. Marrying
a broad vision with needs would prevent lost opportunities. The Report
mentioned joint use but not flexible use of buildings, which made buildings
sustainable. She was interested in how Cubberley connected with the
neighborhood and adjacent sites. The statements contained in pages 32 and
33 needed to be asked and answered; however, they were premature in the
absence of vision. She suggested inclusion of traffic analysis to prevent
future problems.

Melissa Baten Caswell, Palo Alto Unified School District Board Member, felt
there should be a vision of what services to provide and how to provide
them. This was an opportunity to ensure services met community needs.
She questioned how joint use would work, including issues of traffic and
parking. Surveys and focus groups could help determine community needs
and wants. Structured responses to the CCAC Report would be helpful. It
was also important to consider parts of the site that could have longer lives
with investment.

Council Member Klein related the history of the Cubberley Lease Agreement.
The CCAC Report provided a roadmap to create new land. Cubberley was a
wasting asset and needed large investments in the near future. The City
and PAUSD had nine months to work through many issues. Importantly,
Cubberley provided key services for adults and senior adults.



                                                               March 14, 2013
