                               MINUTES

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the Palo Alto Weekly's Best of the
Best Awards included the Best Place for a Kid's Play Date was the Junior
Museum and Zoo, and one of the Best Places for Live Entertainment was the
Children's Theatre.

Robert De Geus, Community Services Assistant Director, reported the
Community Services Department provided 145 unique summer camp
programs and 20 aquatics programs. During the summer, 5,648 children
were enrolled in summer camps. The Department hired many high school
and college students from Palo Alto as summer camp staff. Summer camp
staff trained for a full week before beginning work. Enrollment increased 10
percent over the prior year. The Foothills camp was particularly successful
through the use of online and media marketing.            The City provided
traditional camps along with visual arts, performing arts and science camps.
Children's Theatre had 958 participants, and revenues increased by 17 1/2
percent. Children's Theatre also worked with high school teenagers. Nine
science camps had 837 campers.

Mr. Keene reported Vice Mayor Shepherd addressed the opening celebration
of the Johnson Canyon Landfill Gas to Energy Generation Facility. The Palo
Alto Firefighters hosted approximately 200 community members at Fire
Station 2 on September 14, 2013 for a showing of "How to Train Your
Dragon." The City's website received accolades from the Center for Digital
Government and the Web Marketing Association.          The new Household
Hazardous Waste Program would be dedicated on September 19, 2013.
Mayor Scharff and Jeremy Lin of the Houston Rockets initiated the new
basketball court at the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Palo Alto Free Press stated the Independent Police Auditor was negligent in
following up on emails and telephone calls. He had asked the Independent
Police Auditor to investigate an incident in May 2013; however, he had heard
nothing.

Arlene Goetze provided the annual water report from the City of Sunnyvale.
Fluoridation of water was unhealthy. A recent study by NIH found that
fluoride in water had no relationship with preventing cavities in children.
Fluoride should not be given to babies.


                                                                       Page 7 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 9/16/13
