                               MINUTES

Ms. Lee agreed there would be increased value. She understood the
applicant to indicate that the building needed new materials whether
constructed according to the original PC Ordinance or according to the
amended PC Ordinance.

Council Member Schmid felt it would be fair for the Council to share equally
in an enhanced value of the new building. With a difference in value of
$300,000, perhaps a penalty of $150,000 would be more appropriate.

Ms. Lee indicated the amount of the fine was within the Council's purview.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve:     1) the Resolution (Attachment A), certifying the Final
Supplemental Environmental Impact Report; 2) to adopt an Ordinance
(Attachment B), approving the amendment to the Planned Community
project to allow the reconstruction of Building number one with all new
materials, where installation of replicas of the original detailed wood window
frames; 3) to require the developer to pay the sum of $94,200 with respect
to the improper demolition of building number one; and 4) to approve the
Final Map. Furthermore, to direct Staff to make necessary corrections in the
resolution and ordinance.

Council Member Klein believed the applicant made a serious error in
demolishing the building. The project was an improvement over the derelict
shopping center. The key topic was the amount of the fine. The fine was
not a public benefit. The Council had no guidance with respect to setting the
amount of the fine. The $94,000 amount seemed reasonable. The fine was
large enough to discourage future developer mistakes; yet, not so large as
to be punitive.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested the word contribution be replaced with the
word fine.

Ms. Silver assumed the Motion directed Staff to make necessary corrections
in the Resolution and the Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss agreed it was difficult to determine an amount for a
fine. She hoped a fine would discourage future contractors from doing the
same thing. The amount of $94,200 seemed to be fair.

Council Member Holman shared ways other communities determined
amounts of fines. Council Member Schmid mentioned a reasonable method

                                                                         Page 16 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/7/13
