                               MINUTES
Mr. Aknin was not aware of any other projects.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the tentative Council schedule included a
Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Program, and inquired about the timing for
that discussion.

Mr. Aknin reported Staff was working on the framework for a Citywide opt-in
Ordinance. Staff hoped to present it to the Council by the end of 2013.

Vice Mayor Shepherd agreed some of the Ordinances needed to be
amended; however, she questioned whether the amendments should be
contemporaneous with other relief. She understood that a TDR could still be
utilized for a project not in the pipeline if the developer had already
purchased a TDR but not designed it into a building.

Mr. Aknin concurred.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood a developer could not sell a TDR if the
Council enacted the proposed Ordinance with the parking exemption. The
TDR purchaser would have to pay for the parking exemption when he made
the application.

Ms. Stump explained that TDRs created as of the effective date of the
proposed Ordinance could be used under the old rules.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested an explanation of "created."

Ms. Stump indicated the TDR was certified because work had been
performed to seismically or historically rehabilitate the building even if the
TDR had not been sold.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated a TDR could be sold if the building was not
seismically retrofitted; however, the developer would need to provide
parking onsite or pay an in-lieu fee.

Ms. Stump agreed. New seismic or historic projects would not be able to
generate parking relief. They would generate the FAR.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the proposed RPP Program would
apply only to Professorville or also to Downtown North.

Mr. Aknin reported the goal was to offer first a Citywide opt-in Ordinance.
He believed the first neighborhoods to opt into the Ordinance would be the
residential neighborhoods surrounding the Downtown area.
                                                                        Page 16 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/21/13
