                         DRAFT MINUTES

Mayor Scharff answered yes.

Ms. Grider confirmed the Council Vacation from July 2 through August 2,
2013.

Council Member Kniss suggested if the Council did not need a meeting on
July 2 after meeting on June 29, then the meeting on June 29 would cover
the meeting on July 2.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Council had to formally state
the Council Vacation by the end of February.

Ms. Grider reported that was required by the Municipal Code.

Mr. Keene did not want to ask for a meeting on July 2 that was unnecessary.
In addition to Council concerns, Staff attempted to manage Staff vacations
when the Council was on Vacation. He felt it was easier for the Council to
declare a whole month as the Vacation.

Council Member Schmid withdrew his suggestion of moving the start date to
July 2.

Mayor Scharff clarified the Motion to be a Council Vacation for the entire
month of July 2013.

Council Member Burt indicated that historically the Council's Agenda
following adoption of the Budget and before Vacation was very busy. He
preferred not to return two weeks before school began, and preferred the
first Council meeting after the Vacation be held on August 12, 2013.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to end Council Break on August 12 and begin on July 9, 2013.

Council Member Kniss called point of order. She felt the Amendment was
actually a new Motion.

Mayor Scharff indicated Council Member Burt's Amendment was an
Amendment.

Council Member Price stated the Amendment represented a compromise for
the school schedule, allowed the Council to prepare for a ballot measure
deadline in August, allowed the Council time to complete mid-year Council

                                                                        Page 28 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
