                               MINUTES
and suggested the City could assist in promoting the series. He inquired
whether there was a continuing role for HRC representatives on the
Homeless Services Task Force.

Vice Chair Bacchetti believed there was a continuing role for the life of the
Task Force. He hoped the Task Force could implement long-term strategies
without becoming a permanent group.

Council Member Burt indicated that HRC representatives should have an
ongoing role with the Task Force at a minimum. Perhaps the Council could
consider a structure between the Task Force and the Council.

Chair O’Nan acknowledged Commissioner Ezran's suggestion for
Commissioners to serve on committees as HRC representatives rather than
private citizens.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the key question was how to
enhance the HRC's interaction with the Council. The HSRAP process was an
opportunity for the HRC to define the range of social services being delivered
in the City. A second opportunity for interaction with the Council was the
Housing Element. The HRC could provide information regarding populations
in need and services associated with housing. The County census on
homelessness and the annual City survey of the population were
opportunities for the HRC to provide the pertinent information contained in
those surveys. He suggested the HRC provide the Council with a report
between the annual Study Sessions.

Council Member Price inquired about the time period between each Human
Needs Assessment.

Chair O’Nan reported the HRC was planning to conduct a supplemental
needs assessment, because community needs and demographics changed
often. A full City-wide assessment was difficult to perform annually with no
budget. A full Human Needs Assessment could be conducted every four to
five years with a supplemental assessment in the interim.

Council Member Price stated human relations issues were not new and would
continue into the future.    She concurred with Council Member Burt's
comments regarding organizing a process between the Council and the Task
Force. Because the City relied on community-based organizations to deliver
services, the HRC's role in coordinating services and understanding
implications was critical.


                                                                          Page 4 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/7/13
