                                   MINUTES
Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, clarified that the mitigation
for El Camino Real and Charleston Road was a signal timing modification.
Caltrans would make the final decision whether to modify signal timing.

Council Member Price asked if the Council had the ability to require a time
period for the modification to be made.

Jim Daiso, Kimley-Horn and Associates, reported the mitigation was a signal
timing change, not a capital improvement. The impact was projected to
occur in 2025. The Council could request the applicant submit a bond or
escrow funds to perform the study and implement a modification of signal
timing. The Council could require those actions when the applicant applied
for a building permit.

Council Member Price inquired whether Mr. Daiso made the same or other
suggestions to other cities.

Mr. Daiso indicated other cities also created accounts for miscellaneous
traffic signal improvements wherein funds were placed for later use.

Council Member Price asked if the City utilized a dedicated fund for traffic
signal improvements.

Mr. Rodriguez did not recall other projects that submitted funds for future
traffic signal modifications. Staff could request Caltrans consider a signal
modification. Staff could request the applicant provide funding for signal
modification. The cost to retime the signal would be approximately $2,500
to $3,500.

Council Member Price understood the project met the basic direction of the
Comprehensive Plan. The project was well designed and addressed issues
identified in the Housing Element. Residents of very small residential units
and BMR units did not all own vehicles or multiple vehicles. The community
needed a variety of housing products to address the broad range of housing
needs. The setbacks added value to the design of the building. The project
supported the El Camino Real Guidelines and basic concepts of the Grand
Boulevard.

Council Member Schmid favored the mixed-use project. The DEE was
proposed for aesthetic reasons; however, the flat facade at the top was not
a design enhancement.      The traffic study indicated the project would
generate approximately 850 car trips per day with no more than 100 trips
during rush hour periods. He asked how the number of trips during peak
hours was calculated.


                                                                       Page 17 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 November 18, 2013
