                               MINUTES
and 2012. Fourteen comparable cities were chosen based on location, size,
and services.      Southern California cities were added, because they
represented more utilities. The data benchmarked 82 of 114 jobs in the
City. Palo Alto job descriptions were compared with jobs descriptions from
the benchmark agencies. A job with a 70 percent overlap in duties was
considered a match. Jobs could be benchmarked if they matched jobs in a
minimum of four cities. In 2013, Staff gathered additional information to
update jobs that did not exist in 2010-2012. For jobs not benchmarked,
Staff slotted the jobs based on reporting. A minimum salary for positions in
the range was 20 percent below midpoint; the maximum was 20 percent
above midpoint. Management determined the individual employee's actual
salary within the range. Most job classifications met the market salary;
however, some were above market and some were below market. When a
job classification was below market range, Staff proposed raising the
midpoint of the salary range to reach the midpoint of the market range.
With Council approval, Staff would adjust the individual employee's salary by
moving the employee who was at or below median in the current range to
the same relative place in the new range, provided employees met or
exceeded expectations. If a classification was above market range, then
Staff proposed lowering the midpoint of the range so that the midpoint met
the current market median. Pay for individual employees would not be
reduced; however, employees would be above the midpoint. Employees
above the 20th percentile of the range would not be eligible for increases
unless the salary range increased over time. In the FY 2014 Proposed
Budget, Staff proposed budgeting actual salaries and labeling the middle of
the range as the midpoint.

Mr. Keene added that the existing spread in salary ranges was 25 percent
below and 20 percent above midpoint. With the amendments, the range
would be reduced from 45 points to 40 points. At the Council's directive, the
comparisons were based on total compensation, not salary alone. The types
of employees affected by the changes were civil engineers, planners,
attorneys, financial analysts, and administrative assistants.

Robert Moss stated employee compensation packages consisted of job
security, pay, and benefits. The Council should consider the costs to the
City when an employee retired.

Stephanie Munoz felt employees' compensation should be compared to
compensation of private industry, not other cities.         The City should
reconsider retirement benefits, but not reduce health benefits.

Herb Borock believed the Agenda Item should be continued in order to
obtain more information regarding a management and professional
                                                                       Page 20 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/6/13
