           MINUTES
Ms. Hetterly reported it was located on a grassy baseball field.

Council Member Berman inquired whether clean-up after the dogs had been
an issue.

Ms. Hetterly remarked that there had been no incidents.

Council Member Klein expressed concern about dog parks. The City needed
dog parks. His recollection regarding the Land Bank was the same as
Council Member Burt's. The area was not the perfect place for playing
fields; however, there were no other good options. He expected the Council
to proceed with playing fields at the Baylands. Tournament play at those
fields would be a positive experience.

Vice Mayor Shepherd did not ask the PARC to change direction from what
the Council wanted. The Council did discuss the Land Bank as playing fields,
but not what type of playing fields. There was a possibility to configure the
fields for tournament play. If the fields were used for tournament play, then
the Council needed to vet it seriously.

Council Member Kniss presumed the need for fields was not necessarily
satisfied; however, existing fields were being used without problems.

Mr. Lauing reported short-term needs for fields were met. Long-term needs
had to be investigated.

Council Member Kniss was aware of the need for dog parks. Currently, one
field was being used as a dog park; however, she did not know how the area
was policed. She noticed in many parts of Palo Alto dogs ran freely at parks.
The thought of a world class Golf Course was tempting, but not necessarily
realistic.

Mayor Scharff was impressed with the Field Use Policy. He understood the
City had a shortage of playing fields, but the new Field Use Policy opened up
a great deal of field time.

Mr. Lauing concurred.     In addition three new fields with lights made a
difference.

Mayor Scharff asked if lights would be added to fields at El Camino Park.

Mr. Lauing did not believe lights were part of a current CIP.


                                                                              Page 5 of 20
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/02/13
