                               MINUTES
David Coale thanked the Council, the Utilities Advisory Commission, and
Staff for adopting the plan to achieve carbon neutrality. The Bicycle and
Pedestrian Transportation Plan was another good means to reduce
emissions. He supported retaining PaloAltoGreen and proceeding with a
green gas program.

Council Member Burt stated Palo Alto proved that inexpensive, 100 percent
clean electricity, and a dynamic economy were possible. The measure was a
reflection of Palo Alto community values. The next challenges were moving
people from natural gas to electricity and from gasoline-powered vehicles to
electric vehicles. This was a transformative event.

REVOTE CONSENT CALENDAR PASSED: 9-0

14a. (Former Agenda Item Number 7) Approval of a Water Enterprise Fund
     Contract with RMC Water and Environment, Inc. for a Total Not to
     Exceed Amount of $193,914 to Complete the Environmental Analysis
     of Expanding the City's Recycled Water Delivery System.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to move Agenda Item Number 14a to a date uncertain.

Council Member Klein requested a reason for removing the Agenda Item
from the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Schmid indicated the environmental analysis was important
for determining the quality of recycled water, how it was used, and impacts
on the environment. He questioned whether the study covered the full
impacts. Environmental findings from the study could be important in
developing a Master Plan for the Water Quality Treatment Plant.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Council Member Schmid was
satisfied with Staff's written response.

Council Member Schmid answered no.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

15.   Public Hearing: Adoption of Finding that the Main Library Expansion
      and Renovation Project (CIP PE-11000) is "Substantially Complex"
      under Public Contract Code Section 7201 and Direction to Increase the
      Retention Schedule from 5% to 10%.

03-04-2013                                                         112- 345
