                        WORKING MINUTES
issue was litigated at the trial court level in San Francisco. The Superior
Court Judge determined that the State Code did not preempt the local
regulation. The Court said the State Code focused on health and sanitation;
the San Francisco plastic bag ban was an environmental regulation. The two
could coexist harmoniously.       The issue was appealed and would be
addressed by the Court of Appeal.

Council Member Price asked if there were different legal interpretations
regarding this issue.

Ms. Stump answered yes. The industry coalition maintained that State law
prevented local regulation of restaurant use of plastic bags. The City's and
other jurisdictions' position was that this type of regulation was lawful and
not preempted by State law.

Council Member Holman recalled a reference to bag usage decreasing from
three to 0.3, and asked Staff to restate it.

Ms. Weiss reported San Jose analyzed the impact of its Ordinance during the
first year. The average number of bags used were three prior to the
Ordinance. After implementation of the Ordinance with the $0.10 charge for
paper bags in place, bag usage decreased to 0.3.

Council Member Holman inquired whether bag usage decreased from three
to 0.3 bags per week per person or per month per person.

Ms. Weiss indicated per trip to the store.

Council Member Holman referenced 5 percent or 1.3 million plastic bags
came from food service establishments, and inquired whether that figure
pertained solely to Palo Alto.

Ms. Weiss responded yes.      Numbers were extrapolated from a study
performed by the County of San Mateo.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff could measure the impact of the bag
charge on heightened awareness.

Ms. Weiss inquired whether Council Member Holman meant the level of
change created by a $0.10 charge versus a $0.25 charge.

Council Member Holman stated that was one impact. A number of grocery
stores not covered by the current Ordinance changed their practices with

                                                                         Page 6 of 16
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 3/11/13
