                               MINUTES
Phil Bobel, Assistant Director Environmental Service, reported Greer Park
was a former salt marsh, and the soil was extremely saline. Important
elements of landscaping were types of plants, soil condition, and the
irrigation system. Recycled water should be applied at a high rate to allow
salt to flow through the soil to the groundwater and out to the Bay. No one
determined which of these factors was most important in causing harm to
the trees in Greer Park. There was no definitive answer to Vice Mayor
Shepherd's question.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if people were interested in purchasing recycled
water.

Mr. Bobel noted State law required recycled water to be used if it was
located along a given property. He did not expect customers to be excited
about buying recycled water. Recycled water in Palo Alto met standards
through blending.

Nicolas Procos, Senior Resource Planning, reported Staff identified a list of
customers while developing a Facility Plan in 2008. Over the last few years,
Staff talked with other entities interested in using recycled water.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood construction costs would be spread among
ratepayers.

Mr. Procos stated one likely source for funding was recycled water
customers. The majority of potential customers were Utilities customers,
who would shift from customers for potable water to customers for recycled
water.   Alta Mesa Cemetery was an exception because it utilized
groundwater.

Council Member Schmid inquired         whether   Staff   had    any      comments
concerning the at-places handouts.

Mr. Bobel explained total dissolved solids (TDS) were anything that would
pass through filter paper. About half of TDS was either sodium or chloride,
commonly known as salt. Those were the two principal causes of adverse
effects for plants.         The   second slide attempted to explain
saltwater/seawater, Bay water, and freshwater. The third slide showed fresh
water sources. The Council adopted a TDS goal of 600 ppm (parts per
million). The user group in Stanford Research Park provided a TDS goal of
640 ppm. Blended recycled water in Palo Alto had a TDS level below 600
ppm. While the Recycled Water Project was under construction, if the
Council approved it, Staff would work on further reductions in salt content of
water. Blending was only one mitigation measure for salinity. Lastly, the
                                                                              Page 13 of 20
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                          Minutes: 4/8/13
