the Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) as part of the One Bay Area Grant
(OBAG) Program.

Council Member Kniss noted the grant program was a relatively new
process. VTA would choose the projects it wanted to see completed. The
more applications submitted, the better chance of getting some approved.
The anticipated scores for projects should be included in the application.

Mayor Scharff stated there was no value to the Council prioritizing projects.
The Council should remove projects only if it did not want a project to move
forward in the cycle. He asked if funding opportunities would occur again
within the four-year cycle.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated funding was locked for the next four years with this
specific program.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether a project would occur if it was removed from
the proposed list of projects.

Mr. Rodriguez reported a project would not be funded if a grant proposal
was not submitted.

Mayor Scharff preferred to include all projects.

Council Member Berman asked if OBAG would grant partial funding for
projects.

Mr. Rodriguez explained funding was part of the scoring process, which
include some negotiation.      VTA could reduce the amount funded by
requesting additional local match funding. Each agency could fund more of
the local match to obtain more projects. That approach had worked in the
past.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the City could decide not to
pursue a project after it had been funded.

Mr. Rodriguez suggested the Council should make that decision upfront. If
the Council chose not to proceed with a project, it would lose a lot of face
value with the VTA. He did not recommend the City take that approach.

Council Member Klein inquired about the chances of having more funding in
the four-year cycle.

Mr. Rodriguez did not know, but there would be future releases of funds.
VTA could ask an agency to wait to fund a project through another release of
                                   18                   February 11, 2013
