                    MINUTES
The guaranteed ride home program was one of the most successful and low
cost programs. A noontime shuttle was provided to two shopping areas. If
an employee used alternative transit to the Centre, then he could reserve
and use either a Smart car or a Nissan Leaf. The Centre provided nine
Segways and eight bikes for use during the day. The Centre reported to
Contra Costa County, the City of Walnut Creek, the City of Pleasant Hill, and
the City of Concord. Approximately 30-35 percent of employees utilized
alternative transportation. The TDM Program received numerous awards.
With expansion, John Muir Hospital needed a TDM Program and chose to
partner with the Centre's TDM Program. The use of cabs as shuttles to the
nearby BART station was more economical than vans. The Centre provided
cash incentives to employees for use of alternative transportation. The TDM
program was successful because Centre staff was hands on, participation
was easy and simple, projects were modified and added, and incentives
were meaningful. Charging stations at the Centre and John Muir Hospital
were hugely popular with employees.

Mr. Aknin stated Kevin Mathy developed, implemented, and managed
transportation programs at Google since 2007. Prior to working at Google,
Mr. Mathy spent 20 years managing transportation and parking programs at
Cal and Stanford Universities.

Kevin Mathy, Google Transportation Manager, reported the Mountain View
campus of Google housed 20,000-25,000 employees, contractors, and
vendors. Google leadership supported and promoted TDM efforts. TDM
efforts could be categorized by shuttles, bikes, car sharing, and alternatives.
The shuttle program was the flagship TDM Program. One key to success
was the many amenities located on campus, including 40 cafes for
employees. Google operated a traditional carpool program with an incentive
of parking adjacent to buildings. Vanpools were fully subsidized and utilized
7-passenger minivans for safety reasons. Vanpools operated in areas where
shuttles did not operate. As an incentive, employees were allowed to use
vans for personal use in the evening and on weekends. The GRide service
was primarily dedicated to employees with temporary disabilities or walking
impairments. Employees could text, email, or call the service center for a
ride. An emergency ride home program was provided for employees who
elected to use alternative transportation. Employees were offered pretax
benefits for mass transit tickets and services. The self-powered commute
program was dedicated to people who did not use any form of internal
combustion power. Google donated to the person's favorite charity and
provided a free locker in one of the fitness centers. Having bicycles around
campus buildings was the most efficient form of transportation for
employees traveling between buildings. A conference bicycle seated seven
people and allowed people to hold a meeting while riding. The shuttle
                                                                           Page 3 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/9/13
