                               MINUTES
indicator of activities in the community. Traffic studies did not measure
concrete issues that influenced the neighborhoods.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Schmid moved to change item two to
“Adopt a Planned Community Ordinance Amending the Zoning Map to
Change the Zone Designations from R-2 and RM-15 to Allow a 10 Unit Single
Family and 60 Unit Affordable Rental Development for Seniors (Attachment
A), including Two Concessions under State Density Bonus Law (Building
height and Daylight Plane).”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND.

Council Member Schmid requested Staff provide an update of the Palo Alto
traffic model and assessments prior to performing another traffic analysis.

Council Member Klein believed the weekend meeting was successful in that
it provided a better understanding of the issues and possibilities. He
inquired whether excess funds from the sale of the market rate homes would
be paid to the State rather than Palo Alto.

Mr. Martignetti, Jr. understood that the City and Santa Clara County loans
had preference over State loans and would be paid first from excess funds.

Council Member Klein asked if the City could utilize those funds for another
project.

Mr. Martignetti, Jr. responded yes.

Council Member Klein suggested PAHC reconsider the method for selling the
market rate houses to obtain the maximum amount of funds. PAHC could
have performed more outreach. Some comments from the neighbors were
based on emotions rather than facts. More than half of affordable housing
was located north of Embarcadero Road. He did not agree with preserving
the existing zoning, because the PC zoning afforded more protections to the
neighborhood. The main issue seemed to be traffic; however, the proposed
project would not increase the traffic problem. This project should not be a
proxy for the overall traffic problem in Palo Alto. Another issue was the
compatibility of the single family homes, and that was addressed through
changes proposed by PAHC and the Council. He would support the Motion.

Council Member Burt believed the community was concerned about the
distance and uniformity of setbacks. With uniform setbacks, the proposed
housing would look like a wall. Developers would not utilize a setback
greater than the minimum required setback.
                                                                         Page 14 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes June 17, 2013
