                                    MINUTES
Mr. Daiso noted a table within the traffic study demonstrated the calculation
of car trips, and inquired about Council Member Schmid's source for the
number of car trips.

Council Member Schmid indicated Mr. Daiso presented the information to the
P&TC.

Mr. Daiso utilized a standard set of research statistics from the Institute of
Transportation Engineers (ITE) as a starting point. He could adjust statistics
depending upon local conditions. The project would generate approximately
893 trips per day, 89 trips in morning peak hours and 70 trips in the
afternoon peak hours for all uses.

Council Member Schmid recalled a few weeks prior the Council discussed a
contract for an updated traffic study. The mandate to the contractor stated
that ITE standards were unrealistic for a mixed-use downtown environment.
However, the traffic study for this mixed-use project within a downtown
environment utilized ITE standards. He asked which approach was correct.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that the use of standards depended upon the type
of project under evaluation.

Council Member Schmid clarified that this project was mixed-use in a
downtown environment.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff began with ITE trip generation and considered
resulting trip generation rates. At times, Staff would request the developer
perform a comparative analysis with another location if rates were not
consistent with ITE rates or if insufficient supporting data was provided. For
this project, the various uses within the project had a substantial amount of
supporting projects to validate use of ITE rates.

Council Member Schmid referenced the MND regarding information sources
for potential impacts. He asked if Staff could supply the detailed tables,
both those accepted and not accepted.

Mr. Daiso agreed that oftentimes ITE rates were not appropriate for urban
land use. His estimates were 40 percent higher than ITE rates.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the method for counting traffic at
intersections and the time period when counts were performed.

Mr. Daiso noted the impact would occur in 2025. He began with traffic
counts obtained on typical Tuesdays through Thursdays and compared those
counts with historical counts.

                                                                        Page 18 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  November 18, 2013
