                         ACTION MINUTES
      by the County of Santa Clara for the Purpose of Emergency
      Management, Preparation, and Training”.

8.    Adoption of an Ordinance Adding Chapter 2.06 to Title 2 of the Palo
      Alto Municipal Code to Restrict the Use of the City Seal and Other City
      Logos.

9.    Adoption of an Ordinance Authorizing Electronic Signatures                 on
      Documents Used and Accepted by the City of Palo Alto.

10.   Submittal of Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Bi-Monthly
      Construction Contract Report.

11.   Adoption of a Resolution 9363 entitled “Resolution of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the Filing of an Application for Federal Surface
      Transportation Program (STP) Funding and Committing the Necessary
      Non-Federal Match and Stating the Assurance to Complete the Project
      for Street Resurfacing Project”.

12.   Adoption of a Resolution Allowing the Implementation of a One-Year
      Trial No Overnight Parking (2AM-5AM) Program on Streets within the
      Crescent Park Neighborhood.

13.   Adoption of Resolution 9364 entitled “Resolution of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the Filing of an Application for the Federal One Bay
      Area Grant (OBAG) Funding for the Adobe Creek/ Highway 101 Bridge
      Project and Committing the Necessary Non-Federal Match and Stating
      the Assurance to Complete the Project”.

14.   Adoption of a Resolution 9365 entitled “Resolution of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the Filing of an Application for Federal Vehicle
      Emissions Reductions Based At Schools (VERBS) Funding for the
      Arastradero Road Schoolscape – Multiuse Trail and Committing the
      Necessary Non-Federal Match and Stating the Assurance to Complete
      the Project”.

15.   Approval of a Contract Amendment with Baker & Taylor in the Amount
      of $390,000 to Purchase Library Materials for the City Library System.

MOTION PASSED to approve agenda item numbers 4-11 and 13-15: 9-0




                                                                          Page 3 of 5
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Action: August 5, 2013
