                               MINUTES
     Fighters (IAFF) Adopted by Resolution No. 9204 to Properly Record the
     Top Step Salary for One Existing Position and Create One New
     Position.

Mayor Scharff reported the Council would begin the Public Hearing process
regarding the Ordinance adopting the Budget for Fiscal Year (FY) 2014. The
Council would hold two Public Hearings on the budget and related utility rate
increases. The second hearing was scheduled for June 10, 2013 at which
time the Council would take final action. The Budget adoption process
included rate changes for dark fiber, water and storm drain. The water rate
increase required a majority protest hearing under Proposition 218. The
public would be allowed to protest at the current meeting and at the meeting
on June 10, 2013. Council discussion would be divided into two phases:
Stanford related Budget items and all remaining Budget items. To ensure
Staff received clear direction, Council Members should move changes so that
the Council could vote. Budget change votes would be placed in a parking
lot and finally adopted on June 10, 2013 when the Council adopted the final
Budget.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services and Chief Financial Officer,
reported Staff held five Budget hearings with the Finance Committee. Staff
now believed some revenue increases were sustainable and embedded those
increases in the FY 2014 Budget. Staff projected a 5 percent increase in
revenues and a 4.6 percent increase in expenses. Increases in expenses
were driven by pension, healthcare and retiree medical costs. The Proposed
Budget contained a $31,000 surplus and a Budget Stabilization Reserve
(BSR) balance of $30 million or 18.9 percent. At the end of the prior fiscal
year, Staff transferred $7.6 million of surplus funds to the Infrastructure
Reserve in addition to the earlier $2.2 million transfer. The Proposed Budget
as originally presented contained a surplus of $220,000. Tax revenues
increased by $5.8 million, an indication of economic recovery. The Transient
Occupancy Tax (TOT) increased by $2 million. Property taxes increased by
$1.8 million. The County Assessor's projection for FY 2014 also increased;
therefore, Staff would revise the projected property tax revenue for the June
10 meeting. Golf revenues would decrease because of the Golf Course
Reconfiguration Project. Plan check and permitting revenue also increased.
The return on investment (equity transfer) decreased, because the rate of
return utilized by PG&E decreased. Staff changed the Budget methodology
to budget for the actual salary of the individual rather than the highest step
amount for the individual.       In 2012, the California Public Employees'
Retirement System (CalPERS) reduced the rate of return assumption by 1/4
percent and provided the option of smoothing the impact over a two-year
period.    As a result of the improved financial outlook, Staff strongly
recommended payment of the obligation in one year. The impact would be
                                                                           Page 20 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
