                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss felt the Motion called for the Mayor to mediate the
matter.

Council Member Klein deliberately did not use the term mediation.

Council Member Kniss asked if the Mayor would facilitate the discussion.

Council Member Klein replied yes. The number of designees was not
important, because a vote would not be utilized to make a decision. The
parties would agree or disagree with regard to terms of a compromise.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether the Council should accept a
compromise agreement reached by the parties.

Council Member Klein answered yes. If the parties agreed to a compromise,
then most likely the Council would accept the compromise.

Ms. Stump reported Staff would need time to make changes or amendments
to documents and to respond to a compromise, if one was reached. There
could be timing issues with a tight timeframe for discussion and response.

Council Member Burt expressed concerns about timing. The public should
have an opportunity to review any information from the meeting in advance
of Council discussion. If a compromise was reached, then Staff could need
to review some or all of the terms of the compromise. He questioned
whether the deadline contained in the Motion should be June 17 or June 24.

Ms. Stump reported the Council had the discretion to vary from its
procedures. Results of the negotiations could trigger a noticing issue such
that the City would need to provide information and an opportunity for public
comment.

Mr. Keene was concerned that Staff would not have sufficient time to
respond if an agreement was reached. If negotiations did not result in a
compromise, then the Council would be in the same position as at the
current time.

Ms. Stump explained the Council could move the item to June 24, 2013;
however, a second reading within ten days would not occur in the month of
June. PAHC needed the second reading to occur in June for application
deadlines in July. As an alternative, the Council could direct that a meeting
occur and that there be discussions and a report to the Council on
discretionary items still to be resolved.

Council Member Burt did not believe the timing issue had to be resolved at
the current time. If a compromise was in place on June 17, 2013, then the
                                                                        Page 12 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
