                               MINUTES

Ms. Mitchell felt community service resources should grow with the
population. With approximately 200 new housing units per year over the
past decade, there was a need to find ways to preserve services and
schools. PAUSD had a role in helping with that. PAUSD families valued
Cubberley services as much as community families. School facilities should
not trump community services. Through PAUSD's building program, PAUSD
could expand joint-use opportunities. PAUSD was open to future scenarios
at Cubberley and other school sites to support additional community service
needs. A community needs assessment was an important first step. New
construction should be corrective and utilize acreage better. If PAUSD
should sell any land in the future, the City should have the right of first
refusal to purchase, and vice versa. She looked forward to working with the
City in ways that added value to current and future residents.

Council Member Berman inquired about PAUSD's use of a growth rate of 1.8
percent and whether that compared accurately with actual demographics.
The current high school population seemed to be smaller than a 1.8 percent
annual growth rate would forecast.

Kevin Skelly, Palo Alto Unified School District Superintendant, reported 1.8
percent growth had been PAUSD's experience for the prior 25 years.

Council Member Berman noted the 1.8 percent growth rate applied to grades
K through 12, but not solely to high school grades. He requested an
explanation of the City's decreased Lease payment as a result of the land
swap between the City and PAUSD.

Donna Hartman, Real Estate Division, explained the amount was the rent
PAUSD received from the Jewish Community Center (JCC) for Terman Middle
School.

Council Member Berman was open to joint use of Cubberley, and supported
phasing of projects.

Council Member Price liked all recommendations. A professional needs
assessment seemed a critical step.    If the City and PAUSD seriously
considered joint use, PAUSD had resources and expertise for educational
programming. The City and PAUSD had a joint responsibility to have a
written response to the Report, and responses for the City and PAUSD
should have a similar format. Determining key questions regarding next
steps, initial reactions to recommendations, and observations regarding
process were important.



                                                               March 14, 2013
