                               MINUTES
reforming Proposition 13, reforming sales tax, and reassessing development
funds. Revenue streams should not be dedicated to specific areas until the
Council discussed alternative revenue streams.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss that the Long Range Finance Forecast reflect dedicating the new
revenue from new hotels to infrastructure uses.

Council Member Burt believed dedicating revenue to infrastructure was a
sound policy. Infrastructure was a priority for the community, and new
hotels were an opportunity for a new revenue stream.              This was an
opportunity for the Council to increase funding for infrastructure.

Council Member Kniss agreed infrastructure was an appropriate use of funds.

Council Member Price did not support the Amendment. The Council should
consider alternative ways to use revenue from new hotels. Infrastructure
was a serious need, but there were other needs as well. The Amendment
seemed to preclude further discussion of alternative ways to allocate a
percentage of revenue from hotels.

Council Member Klein would not support the Amendment. The LRFF was not
an official Council document; the Motion was to accept not approve the
LRFF. The Council set policy through adoption of the Budget. The Council
needed time to discuss and consider all factors and consequences for
dedicating new revenue. The Infrastructure Committee was working to
present a report of viable projects and sources of revenue.

Mayor Scharff agreed with Council Member Burt's intentions; however, the
LRFF was not the appropriate place to dedicate revenue streams. Council
Procedures allowed for two Council Members to agendize an item for a future
Council Meeting without a vote, if Council Member Burt wished to proceed
with a discussion.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Holman absent

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
agendize discussion regarding the Long Range Finance Forecast reflecting
the dedication of the new revenue from new hotels to infrastructure uses.

NO VOTE REQUIRED PER COUNCIL PROCEDURES

                                                                       Page 11 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/13/13
