                             MINUTES

Jim Fleming, Management Specialist in the Utilities Department, reported the
first recommendation was to develop a Master Plan and conduct a Request
for Proposal (RFP) to build out the existing dark fiber system. The second
recommendation was to develop an RFP to establish a variety of options and
costs to build out a wireless network with a near-term focus on Wi-Fi and a
long-term consideration of other wireless technologies. The overarching
goals for the FTTP Master Plan was to ensure that residences, businesses
and anchor institutions in Palo Alto had access to ubiquitous and reliable
high-speed broadband connectivity. The City Attorney indicated that the
Fiber Optics Fund Rate Stabilization Reserve could be utilized for fiber and
wireless communication services including development of a FTTP Master
Plan as well as planning for construction and operation of wireless network
services. Given the improved economy, Staff believed there was potential
renewed interest from telecommunication service providers in building a
FTTP network in Palo Alto. The best way to attract providers was to develop
a FTTP Master Plan that included an engineering study to create a design for
the network, define appropriate network specifications, and conduct any
necessary environmental reviews under the California Environmental Quality
Act (CEQA). The Master Plan would include an estimate of the total cost to
build a FTTP network and evaluate any legal and regulatory issues. To assist
in developing the FTTP Master Plan, Staff recommended the City retain a
consulting firm with expertise in developing Master Plans, business plans and
RFPs for government entities in relation to a FTTP network. Once the Master
Plan was completed, the consultant would work with Staff to develop a
renewed and focused RFP to facilitate competitive processes to attract a
third-party telecommunication service process to build and operate the FTTP
network. The estimated cost to retain a consultant to develop the Master
Plan and an RFP was approximately $150,000 to $350,000 depending largely
on the level of required environmental review. If the environmental review
for an FTTP network resulted in a mitigated negative declaration, then the
cost for review could range from $20,000 to $50,000.                If a full
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) was required, then the cost could range
from $200,000 to $250,000. The expected timeframe to develop the Master
Plan and conduct the RFP process was nine months and would require the
time of approximately 1.75 Full Time Equivalents (FTE). The time table
could be impacted by the amount of time required to conduct the
environmental review. Following the RFPs, Staff would return to the Council
with a Budget Amendment Ordinance to allocate funding from the Fiber
Reserve Fund for associated consultant agreements. The conference held in
May provided a great deal of background material. Four key factors to
prepare the community to build a fiber network were ensuring community
and local government leadership and support; reviewing approval
requirements and permitting; use of existing infrastructure; and proactively
                                                                       Page 23 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/28/13
