                                     MINUTES
included two Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE). The height limit for
the CS Zone was 50 feet. The applicant proposed a DEE to exceed the 50-
foot height limit by 5 feet, for a total height of 55 feet. The additional 5-feet
of height would occur only at loft roofs. The Code allowed mechanical roof
screens to exceed the 50-foot height limit by 15 feet. Mechanical roof
screens were proposed to be 5 feet tall. The exception was requested to
improve the design of the project. Visually the additional height benefited
the building design by creating a unified roof element and provided
residential units with slightly more room. The DEE was not an exception for
floor area.     The second DEE was an alleviation to the build-to-line
requirement. The CS Zone required that 33 percent of the building be built
up to the setback on Acacia and Portage Avenues and 50 percent of the
frontage on El Camino Real be at the setback line of 0-10 feet to create a
12-foot effective sidewalk width. The length of the building wall along
Portage Avenue would be approximately 149 feet. To meet the 33 percent
build-to requirement, at least 49 linear feet of the building wall would need
to be built to the 5-foot setback requirement.            To accommodate the
extension of the residential balconies and the accessible ramp to the
elevated plaza, the building would be built with a minimum 7-foot 6-inch
setback rather than to the required 5-foot setback. This request would
result in a greater setback from the street. The CS Zone limited office uses
to no more than 5,000 square feet per parcel, but allowed a parcel to exceed
the limit through a Conditional Use Permit (CUP). Because the four parcels
would be combined into one parcel, a CUP to exceed the 5,000-square-feet
limit for office space was included as part of the application. The total
amount of office space proposed was 16,118 square feet, only 21.7 percent
of the total floor area within the project. The amount of office square
footage was similar to the amount of retail floor area and considerably less
than the proposed residential floor area. Staff, P&TC, and ARB reviewed the
application and recommended the Council approve the project.

Public Hearing opened at 7:55 P.M.

Heather Young, Fergus Garber Young Architects, stated the four parcels
being joined were a garage, a surface parking lot, an existing building, and
another surface parking lot. The project was mixed-use with a mixture of
restaurant and retail, commercial recreation, commercial office, and
residential. The second-story spaces facing El Camino Real would be double
height. The corner of El Camino Real and Portage Avenue would remain
open as an exterior plaza. The fourth floor facade was set back considerably
from El Camino Real. Exterior balconies in the residential areas on all sides
provided outdoor public space for residential units. Access to existing
surface parking would be maintained. Access to below-grade parking would
be located at 400 Portage Avenue. The mass of the building was opened up
                                                                          Page 10 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    November 18, 2013
