                              MINUTES
Mr. Le indicated the County could attempt to accommodate that request
from the Council.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve a one-time City allocation of $250,000 to be disbursed over two
years for support of its homeless outreach and placement plan and that the
Fiscal Year 2014 allocation in the amount of $125,000 is authorized to be
paid from the City Council Contingency due to the urgency of providing this
service. The homeless outreach and placement plan will be comprised of
intensive case management in connection with housing subsidies for the
homeless to be provided by the County of Santa Clara (County). Further,
the City Council directs staff to bring forward a Budget Amendment
Ordinance in November to increase the City Council Contingency in the
amount of $125,000 with a corresponding decrease of the General Fund
Budget Stabilization Reserve and include funding of the Fiscal Year 2015
allocation in the amount of $125,000 in the FY 2015 Proposed Budget.

Council Member Kniss felt County involvement was important. Inherent
within the Motion was working with the County to provide housing subsidies.
The funding source for the allocation would be the Council Contingency
Fund. The program would be different from previous efforts and would
involve many groups.

Council Member Price concurred with Council Member Kniss' comments. The
collaboration component was critical and could not be accomplished by the
City alone. The Council was making a commitment for two years, and future
debate would include the issue of sustainable funding.

Council Member Schmid believed this was a follow-up discussion to the
Vehicle Habitation Ordinance and closure of community centers.         He
supported spending $250,000 for the model of outreach teams.           His
calculations indicated $1,250 would be available to each individual for a
monthly rent voucher. However, low-income housing was in short supply in
Palo Alto. He asked where individuals would find low-income housing. The
proposed program would not be a solution to the homeless problem, and the
Council could not determine a solution without working with the County.
Perhaps the Council should direct the Homeless Services Task Force to
examine County programs to determine reasons for the lack of shelters.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to remove the words “one-time,” changing the Motion to
read “…to approve a City allocation of $250,000…”


                                                                       Page 21 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/7/13
