                               MINUTES
Ms. LeConge indicated work could be accomplished at bimonthly meetings.
In terms of addressing policy issues and conveying those issues to the
Council, monthly meetings were not necessary.

Council Member Price asked if the frequency of meetings had impacted
recruitment or retention of Commissioners.

Ms. LeConge could not answer specifically.    Monthly meetings could be a
barrier to participation on the LAC.

Council Member Kniss asked for a recommendation on the number of
Commissioners.

Ms. LeConge reported five Commissioners were a more manageable number
in terms of managing Staff time.

Vice Mayor Shepherd recalled Ms. LeConge's comment that the final
recommendation should come from the LAC.

Ms. LeConge clarified that the recommendations in the report came from the
LAC.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to direct Staff to return with an Ordinance to reduce Commissioners to five
members, extend current terms three months to provide for the recruitment
process and incorporate a requirement that one or more seats are
designated for individuals with certain qualifications such as membership on
Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Library Palo Alto Library
Foundation.

Molly Stump, City Attorney reported that the Council should direct Staff to
return with an Ordinance to reduce the number of Commissioners to five and
to make the other changes.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested Staff provide wording that would allow
replacement of Commissioners from Friends of the Palo Alto Library and Palo
Alto Library Foundation if they no longer served on the Boards of Friends of
the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Library Foundation.

Ms. Stump inquired whether the Motion required both organizations be
Commissioners on the LAC.



                                                                      Page 25 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                           Minutes:
