                                MINUTES
Christy Junkerman urged the Mayor and Council to join the coalition of
Mayors Against Illegal Guns. The issue was public safety. It was important
for the City to take a stand on preventing gun violence.

Bonnie Bernstein encouraged the City Council and Mayor to join Mayors
Against Illegal Guns. The culture of the nation must change to prevent gun
violence.

Millie Chethik congratulated the City on the many miles of street repair and
maintenance. She urged the Council to join Mayors Against Illegal Guns, a
bipartisan coalition supporting background checks for all gun sales.

Lay Brother Steven Gerard spoke regarding life peace zones and four levels
of overlay zones to prevent abortion, assisted suicide, animal research and
sale of firearms.

Steve Eittreim believed it was the duty of mayors to keep residents safe
from harm. He requested the Mayor join other mayors to protect residents
from access to firearms. He had the form needed for Mayor Scharff to join
Mayors Against Illegal Guns.

Mayor Scharff exercised personal privilege to join Mayors Against Illegal
Guns.

Cybele inquired about topics the HRC was considering.

Norman Carroll indicated changes in affordable housing programs would
increase the amount of rent; therefore, more people would be homeless.

Stephanie Munoz felt the Council's land use decisions were arbitrary. As a
result, workers in Palo Alto were homeless.

Barbara Slone suggested the developer place a marker or plaque at
Edgewood Shopping Center to honor Native American heritage.

Tom Linebarger stated the City Council should have community benefits
programs regarding prevailing wages and low income housing.

Tony Ciampi indicated Police Chief Dennis Burns violated City Policies
regarding Taser guns and hard drives.

Robert Norris believed homeless people needed a legal place to sleep.

Linda Jolley felt the State robbed her and her friends of their existence.
                                                                              Page 3 of 18
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
