provided $8 million in loans which held priority positions. The City provided
$5.8 million in loans, and Santa Clara County (County) provided
approximately $2.8 million in loans. If the City purchased the property, at a
minimum it would need to pay off the two priority loans.

Council Member Kniss asked if the priority loans totaled slightly more than
$8 million.

Ms. Kautz indicated the amount was slightly less than $8 million, because
some interest had been paid. If the City utilized the $5.8 million for other
purposes, it would need to reimburse the Housing Fund. If the City chose to
purchase the property, it would need to pay out almost $8 million initially in
addition to any annual carrying costs.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
that the City Council direct Staff to take no action terminating the loan
agreement for the property at 567-595 Maybell Avenue and to closely
monitor future changes to the inventory of housing sites identified in the
City’s 2007-2014 Housing Element as a result of the defeat of Measure D on
November 5, 2013.

Council Member Price noted that many community members wanted a less
dense development or other options at the site. Lower density projects
resulted in an extraordinarily high cost per unit. The City of Palo Alto was
not an affordable housing agency. While she appreciated the community's
comments, their suggestions were not feasible or appropriate.

Council Member Klein reiterated that some members of the community
suggested the City develop the site for affordable housing at a lower density
or purchase the property for a park. Neither suggestion was practical.
PAHC's proposal for the site contained construction costs of $438,000 per
unit. Construction of 10 units would cost $5 million, 20 units $10 million,
and 30 units $15 million. The City did not have that amount of money. In
addition, the City would have to reimburse the Housing Fund $5 million and
pay off other creditors in the amount of $11 million. The total cost would be
approximately $32 million. Infrastructure needs had a total budget of $40-
$50 million. Developing this one property would almost deplete funding for
all infrastructure projects. The City was not in the land development
business. PAHC's sources for funding the $15 million in construction costs
would not be willing to fund the City's efforts. In order for the City to
purchase the property for a park or orchard, again the City would have to
reimburse the Housing Fund and pay off other creditors. The City could not
utilize Housing Fund monies to purchase the property, because those funds
could only be utilized for housing. This would be an expensive park,
especially considering that Juana Briones Park was nearby. Another factor
                                   19                   December 16, 2013
