                               MINUTES
Mr. Le indicated both projects would provide 118-120 units. The Sunnyvale
Armory's current capacity was 125 beds.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag stated a group was attempting to find other locations for
the shelter program.

Council Member Holman requested an update regarding the possibility of
expanding the Hotel de Zink Program.         She suggested the Homeless
Services Task Force report twice a year to the Human Relations Commission
(HRC) to inform the Council and the public and to monitor the homeless
program.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag agreed that the Homeless Services Task Force could
report to the HRC; however, the Homeless Services Task Force would not
oversee the homeless program.

Council Member Holman intended for Staff to report on services being
provided through the homeless program.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag would provide the recommendation to the Homeless
Services Task Force.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to delete “Further, the City Council directs staff to bring forward a
Budget Amendment Ordinance in November to increase the City Council
Contingency in the amount of $125,000 with a corresponding decrease of
the General Fund Budget Stabilization Reserve and include funding of the
Fiscal Year 2015 allocation in the amount of $125,000 in the FY 2015
Proposed Budget.”

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt use of the Council Contingency Fund was
appropriate.

Council Member Kniss indicated use of Council Contingency Funds provided a
good message.

Council Member Klein explained that the Council Contingency Fund was used
to fund an initiative that was not included in the Budget. The homeless
program fit that category. He was unsure whether Council Member Kniss
included the language in the Motion.

Council Member Kniss did not include it.

Council Member Price seconded the Motion as written.
                                                                       Page 23 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/7/13
