                               MINUTES
the purpose of the $100,000 amount as outlined in the Colleague's
Memorandum was to support Staff performing research.

Council Member Klein responded yes. The concept was for Staff to conduct
preliminary, high-level research on these issues. Time and dollar amounts
were included to indicate to Staff the type of research the Council wanted.
The next step in considering TDM would be comprehensive.

Council Member Price asked when details related to a Request for Proposal
(RFP) would be appropriate.

Council Member Klein indicated Staff would return with information
regarding the content of an RFP.

Council Member Price expressed concerns regarding the Council efficiently
obtaining needed information in order to move forward. Staff was not TDM
specialists.

Council Member Klein felt the language of Item Number 1(d) under City
Manager intended an RFP. The items mentioned in Item Number 1(d) were
essential to drafting an RFP.

Council Member Price was concerned that a lack of specific direction to Staff
would result in the Council not receiving sufficient information.        She
appreciated the inclusion of a specific timeframe. The original Colleague's
Memorandum contained an attachment listing references and resources that
would be helpful. She asked if Staff felt the Motion provided sufficient
direction for them to return with information that would allow the Council to
create a comprehensive TDM program and policy.

Mr. Keene indicated the original Colleague's Memorandum was much more
comprehensive in its objectives. The second Colleague's Memorandum
attempted to stage an analysis and conversation for additional discussion.
Item Number 3 would allow Staff to include other TDM Programs or Policies
for consideration. After a review of Staff's analysis, the Council could
provide additional direction for more in-depth analysis of a particular aspect
of TDM. He did not find any incongruity between the two Colleague's
Memoranda.

Council Member Price believed there were many examples of TDM programs
that could inform the Council.



                                                                           Page 4 of 7
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/3/13
