                                MINUTES
By restraining spending, the State had a small reserve fund. Having that
reserve fund allowed Legislators to deal with the prison situation without
making further cuts. In addition, funding to education was increased. In
2014, the topic of water would dominate the conversation. An $11 billion
water bond was scheduled for the November 2014 ballot. All of the polling
indicated the public did not have the appetite for a bond at that level. It
would more than likely fail. At the end of the session, two pieces of
legislation were introduced to recast the water bond. The language in the
Assembly's bill would not allow funds to be spent on tunnels or peripheral
canals.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested Assemblyman Gordon comment on the
status of Housing Element reform, the voter threshold, Caltrain
electrification, impact of the Kenny ruling on High Speed Rail (HSR) and local
control.

Assemblyman Gordon intended to spend the fall attempting to determine a
method for reforming the Housing Element process. The whole process was
designed to build housing, yet more money was spent on planning and
litigation than on housing. Legislation to reduce voter approval thresholds
for infrastructure projects would be a Constitutional amendment to be placed
on a ballot. There was a sense that the Legislature should give local
communities an option in that regard. Relating to Caltrain and HSR, Senator
Hill's bill clarified the path for HSR and also assured that money for
electrification would be available. Caltrain could proceed with electrification
without any concern. The Kenny ruling affected the Central Valley portion of
HSR. He was amazed by the amount of time spent talking about HSR when
HSR was decades away. There was no money for HSR, and it was not a
Legislature priority.     The Legislature's funding priorities were water,
transportation infrastructure other than HSR, and school facilities. With
respect to erosion of local control, the interest groups figured out that they
may be able to convince Legislators to pass legislation requiring local
jurisdictions to do things that they did not want to do. He expected the
trend to continue, but hoped the Governor would veto those efforts. It was
important for state associations representing local government to work
collectively on strategies to counter those issues.

Council Member Holman was interested in Legislative efforts to provide more
funding for social services.

Assemblyman Gordon indicated the majority of funding cuts affected health
and human services programs. Investment in social services was critical
because it impacted the quality of life in communities across California.

                                                                          Page 3 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/16/13
