                                 MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether the City would have priority access
to bidding for the Post Office Building.

Mr. Palmer indicated USPS officials stated the City did not have a first right
of refusal. He was working to determine whether the City could submit a bid
and negotiate with USPS prior to the property being made public.

Council Member Klein suggested the City accelerate its report, because there
was a possibility the USPS process could be finalized sooner than expected.
Subject to a final review, the USPS could place the building on the market
during the second quarter of 2013.       USPS officials stated they were
mandated to obtain the highest purchase price possible.

Council Member Holman believed the one entity in Palo Alto that was most
likely to hold a covenant was Palo Alto Stanford Heritage. She suggested
the City offer to help implement a covenant to protect the building
consistent with State Historic Preservation Office requirements.

Mayor Scharff was interested in whether the City should contract for state
lobbying services.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to refer
to Policy and Services Committee the issue of hiring a state lobbyist.

Council Member Price felt the Motion was prudent and advisable.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Burt, Schmid, Shepherd absent

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to
approve the 2013 Federal and State Legislative Program, to include RHNA
reform.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Burt, Schmid, Shepherd absent

15.   Direct City Clerk to Return Ballot Designating the City Council's Vote
      for the Two League of California Cities Amendments to Membership
      Bylaws.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, received a letter from the League of California
Cities (League) regarding two amendments to the League's Bylaws. The
first proposed amendment provided that resolutions submitted to the League
for presentation to the General Assembly must be concurred by at least five
cities or by city officials from at least five cities.

04/01/2013                                                          112- 447
