                              MINUTES

Council Member Schmid referenced Item 3d, Parking Analysis, regarding the
Urban Land Institute and Institute of Transportation Engineers (ITE). He
viewed the ITE as the Bible of planning and transportation. Urban Land
Institute sustaining members were all large developers, large builders,
financiers and mortgage brokers. He inquired about Staff's intentions with
respect to the Urban Land Institute and ITE.

Mr. Aknin commented that in general planners were hesitant to apply ITE
trip generations, because they were nationwide averages focused on
standalone uses in suburban areas. Suburban modes of transportation and
travel patterns generally were inconsistent with modes of transportation and
travel patterns in urban areas. The Urban Land Institute focused more on
downtown areas, while ITE trip generation focused more on standalone uses.

Council Member Schmid believed new cars, new parking and new workers
occurred because of changes in the workplace. He asked if that should be
mentioned explicitly, and whether Staff had suggestions for the consultant to
help the City with that problem.

Mr. Aknin explained that results from surveys of parking habits and
employment density would be utilized to determine parking and
transportation demand management (TDM) requirements. Parking and TDM
requirements would need to be equally weighted, because each parking
space equaled one car trip into Downtown.

Council Member Schmid did not understand that Task 4 would be performed
prior to Task 2.

Mr. Aknin stated Task 4 would be one of the first items performed.

Council Member Schmid noted the traffic modeling utilized LOS; however,
the 1988 Land Use Transportation Survey in Palo Alto, the 1998
Comprehensive Plan EIR and the Stanford Traffic Plan utilized different
measures. He inquired about a method to determine the historical pattern
of change.

Mr. Aknin reported modeling and measurements changed over the prior 30
years. The more important thing was to review the EIR and how it discussed
each intersection to obtain a qualitative analysis of how the intersections
were functioning.




                                                                       Page 33 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/21/13
