                        WORKING MINUTES
ACTION ITEMS

3.    Certification of the Final Environmental Impact Report and Adoption of
      an Ordinance Amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Section 5.35 to
      Expand Plastic Bag Ban to Retail and Food Establishments, Require
      Retailers to Charge Fee for Paper Bag Use and Provision of Phased
      Implementation.

Council Member Berman recused himself as having a conflict, because he
invested in a company that made reusable plastic bags.

Julie Weiss, Environmental Specialist reported changes to the plastic bag
Ordinance would assist with reducing plastic litter in creeks and the Bay. In
the 1980s, the City required retail businesses to offer only paper bags or a
choice between paper and plastic bags. Approximately five years ago, Staff
implemented a Reusable Bag Task Force that recommended an Ordinance
apply to all retail businesses, be implemented all at once, and require a
charge for paper bags.         Because of economic concerns, the Council
prohibited the distribution of plastic bags at grocery stores and committed to
extensive outreach to encourage use of reusable bags. Approximately 56
percent of people continued to use paper bags. Plastic litter remained a
problem despite efforts to prevent litter and plastic pollution. Changes to
the current Ordinance could address these problems. Staff proposed a
prohibition of single-use plastic bags in all retail and food establishments and
a charge of $0.10 to $0.25 for paper and reusable bags at retail businesses.
The charge would drive behavior changes.                Other jurisdictions saw
reductions in bag usage when a fee was implemented. Staff proposed
businesses show the bag charge on the receipt as another driver for
behavior change. Stores should report bag sales in order to measure the
impact of the Ordinance. Staff proposed updating the durability standards
for reusable bags using the best standard available. By making these
changes, approximately 26 million fewer single-use bags would be used by
the end of the first year. In addition, these changes would assist the City
with meeting storm water goals and Zero Waste goals. Staff proposed
prohibiting plastic bags but not requiring a paper bag charge at restaurants,
because the California Restaurant Association preferred not to utilize
reusable bags at restaurants. In addition, restaurants could use product
bags for items that could spill. An Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
evaluated the proposed project and six alternatives. Utilizing conservative
studies and assumptions, all alternatives were beneficial or had less than
significant impacts for all evaluation categories. By the end of the second
year, Staff anticipated a reduction of 26 million paper and plastic bags, and
an 89 percent conversion from usage of paper bags to reusable bags. Staff
recommended the Ordinance become effective for retail businesses on July
                                                                           Page 3 of 16
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Working Minutes: 3/11/13
