program could fund seed monies for up to two years for new routes, which
was the proposal.

Council Member Holman stated the $350,000 for two years was within
program parameters.

Mr. Rodriguez agreed.

Council Member      Holman supported the original Amendment to eliminate
Project Numbers     3, 8, and 9. There was a lot of momentum about these
projects, but the   momentum was on the part of Staff. The public would be
stunned that the    City was applying for money to fund projects that had not
been vetted.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Project Number 8 was first and foremost a transit
expansion project. The main goal of the project was to relocate existing
parking for Caltrain to an above-ground facility.

Council Member Holman supported the vision and goal, but the project was
premature.

Mayor Scharff believed the City had an opportunity to build 408 parking
spaces in Downtown through Project Number 8. He inquired whether the
Council could vet projects before making a final decision to continue the
grant process.

Mr. Rodriguez felt that could be counterproductive. Negative feedback from
the community would be reflected in the scoring process. There would not
be time to work the projects further between now and the time projects
were selected by the VTA Board for funding.

Mayor Scharff stated Project Number 8 went to the heart of solving parking
issues. If cost estimates were correct, it would go a long way to solving
Downtown and Professorville parking issues at a reasonable cost. He was
concerned about removing Project Number 8 from the list; however, he
could be persuaded that the Birch Street Gateway project was premature.

Mr. Rodriguez explained if Staff advanced the design for Project Number 3
and found it to be infeasible, there were opportunities to remove it.

Mayor Scharff asked if the Council could remove Project Number 3 before or
only after a grant was awarded.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff could advance the design process, hold
community outreach, and review preliminary numbers on traffic if there was
                                    23                   February 11, 2013
