                              MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the process for a group to apply for one
of the City's Human Services grants.

James Keene, City Manager, stated the complexity of the homeless problem
usually required a combination of programs and grants. The City could not
provide a total solution, but could respond to and assist with ideas. The
next discussion at the Policy and Services Committee would focus on
resources and programs for the homeless.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed Palo Alto was innovative in providing social
services.

Council Member Schmid related City action with respect to the homeless
issue over the previous two years. The Santa Clara County survey showed
that the number of unsheltered people in Santa Clara County increased by
approximately 10 percent between 2011 and 2013. The Staff Memo in May
2013 recommended abandoning the pilot program to pursue an Ordinance
with enhanced social services outreach. It was important for the City to
attempt to resolve the homeless issue, and enhanced social services was a
good starting point. He asked if the Council could commit to providing
resources for enhanced social services.

Mr. Keene noted Staff discussed the homeless issue with social service
providers over the previous six months.        For the Policy and Services
Committee discussion of the general homeless issue, Staff would present
suggestions for new resources and increased effectiveness based on
research with other communities and jurisdictions.

Council Member Schmid felt it was important for the Council to be as clear
as possible that it expected to make enhanced investments. The Ordinance
made vehicle habitation more prominent and more risky. To offset that, the
Council should commit to providing more resources to resolve the issue.

Mr. Keene believed the impact of the proposed Ordinance was overstated.
The Police Department received complaints about vehicle dwellers, but not
about every vehicle dweller. The proposed Ordinance would allow police
officers to engage with the homeless population.

Council Member Burt indicated the homeless population at Cubberley
Community Center increased. A higher percentage of vehicle dwellers were
not long-term Palo Alto residents. The Council had an obligation to address
the homeless problem.       The City of Palo Alto did not have sufficient
resources and skills to address the issue alone.

                                                                         Page 15 of 18
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                         Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
