                               MINUTES

Council Member Price asked if neighborhoods around California Avenue
would be allowed to participate in the RPP Program.

Mr. Aknin believed neighborhoods surrounding California Avenue would
follow shortly after the Downtown area once a Citywide opt-in Ordinance was
enacted.

Mr. Keene explained that a Citywide Program would have metrics associated
with parking intrusion. Neighborhoods would have to meet performance
criteria to be eligible for an RPP Program.

Council Member Price requested Staff clarify public comments regarding
additional architectural and design fees.

Mr. Aknin indicated the primary concern was reducing the building size by a
certain amount of square feet. For example, the 240 Hamilton Avenue
project would spend additional architectural fees for new drawings to reduce
the building if the applicant was not allowed to rebuild the 2,000 square feet
mezzanine level into normal floor area and not allowed to build the new 200
square feet.

Ms. Stump noted the Ordinance as drafted deleted both the 200 square feet
and the parking from the Code. The Council could retain the 200 square feet
and indicate the project had to be parked.

Mr. Keene stated the developer would pay the $60,000 parking in-lieu fee
and the 200 square feet would remain in the building.

Mayor Scharff asked if that could apply to the 2,000 mezzanine as well.

Council Member Price felt the concept of cash-out for parking was a valid
approach. She asked if the Council could discuss that approach in the
current item or if Staff would review that as part of a Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) Program for the private sector.

Mr. Aknin indicated that approach would be part of a TDM strategy. It was a
proven strategy that worked well. A cash-out approach was separate from
the current discussion.

Council Member Price recalled that a number of community members were
willing to engage with the City regarding these items. She inquired about a
method for Staff to utilize the expertise and enthusiasm offered by
stakeholders.
                                                                        Page 17 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/21/13
