Mr. Drasin explained that a passerby could not see a sign of that size in
order to have sufficient time to turn into the parking lot. Grocery Outlet
made numerous adjustments to try to receive an accommodation. The
proposed signage was a material factor to the store's success, along with
marketing and other factors. The proposed sign was the minimum size that
would work for the grocery.

Council Member Berman asked if decreasing the height was the determining
factor for Grocery Outlet.

Mr. Drasin stated the sign had been revised to the point that it was not good
business to alter the sign more.

Council Member Berman noted that Alma Village was located in a residential
neighborhood; therefore, signage was needed to alert people to the retail
shops. At the same time, residents opposed such a large sign. Signage was
only one factor Grocery Outlet had to consider in deciding whether or not to
locate in Palo Alto. He wanted to find a compromise, but did not want to be
the reason Grocery Outlet chose not to locate in Palo Alto.

Mayor Scharff    allowed   the   Appellant   time   to   rebut   the   Applicant's
statements.

Ms. Furman continued to oppose the proposed sign. A passerby might not
see a smaller sign the first time he passed; however, he would know where
the grocery was located the second time he passed. If the height of the sign
was reduced to the top of the building, then it would probably need to be
wider. In that scenario passersby would still be able to see it.

Mayor Scharff felt the majority of the Council preferred a smaller sign;
however, the public benefit was a neighborhood shopping center. Residents
wanted a neighborhood shopping center. If the Council did not approve the
signage, then Grocery Outlet would not open the store. In addition, the
location of Alma Village was a challenge.

Ms. Furman was aware of the history of Alma Village and the challenges
facing stores located there. She did not believe a store would fail simply
because of the sign.

Mayor Scharff believed Mr. McNellis contacted many potential tenants. If
Grocery Outlet did not open a store at the site, then the Council would have
to decide how long to allow the site to be vacant before removing the PC
provision. If the site was vacant for too long a time, then the Starbucks


                                   16                     December 16, 2013
