                            MINUTES
Elaine Meyer inquired whether taxes would be paid on the Project since the
property was owned by the City. If the City needed additional parking
spaces, then it should build the parking structure.

Faith Bell indicated Lot P would provide parking spaces for a private
development, but no additional public parking spaces.           A year of
construction would cause a 25-50 percent loss of income for local shops.
Retail vitality was closely tied to parking viability. Development of Lot P
would provide the greatest number of significant adverse impacts when
compared to development of other City parking lots.

Council Member Price asked how access to the parking garage would be
handled in the design phase of the Project.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, reported the design of the
parking garage would maintain some form of an access aisle between the
existing structures and the proposed parking structure. There would be a
protected access around the perimeter of the garage for the businesses
adjacent to it.

Council Member Price inquired about access for delivery trucks during and
after construction.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated staging of construction would be necessary;
however, there would be near-term impacts from loss of access to the rear
of adjacent buildings.

Council Member Price asked if staging had been utilized in the construction
of other parking structures in Downtown.

Mr. Rodriguez stated any construction project contained provisions for
construction staging and access. Those details would be defined as the
process moved forward and could be included in the MOU.

Council Member Price inquired whether an MOU would be associated with the
Project because it was a public-private partnership.

Mr. Williams reported the City would have a legally binding document,
whether or not it was an MOU.

James Keene, City Manager, stated the document would contain the terms of
an agreement between the City and the developer.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
direct Staff to develop a Memorandum of Understanding with 135 Hamilton
LLC, consistent with the terms outlined in Attachment A, and to direct the
                                                                        Page 8 of 33
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 6/10/13
