                            MINUTES
Mr. Perez felt the Council should make that decision. He did not recall the
Council discussing whether the HSRAP funding increase was a base increase.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted to understand the Human                    Relations
Commission's (HRC) rationale for allocating HSRAP funding.

Jill O’Nan, Human Relations Commission Chairperson, reported the HRC did
not intend to slight PACCC or Avenidas. The HRC felt it was important to
open HSRAP to new agencies to fill gaps in services. To fund new agencies,
the HRC reduced funding for two-year agencies. PACCC and Avenidas held
six-year contracts. When the Council provided additional funding, the HRC
restored funding to the two-year agencies and allocated additional funds for
the two-year agencies, PACCC and Avenidas. Because PACCC and Avenidas
received a disproportionately larger share of funding than other agencies, a
straight percentage increase would have given them almost the full amount
of funding. Consequently, the HRC attempted to distribute funds equitably.
Council Member Klein's suggestion to provide PACCC and Avenidas an
additional grant would place PACCC and Avenidas in the same position as
the smaller agencies.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the funding would be additional funds
or would restore funding.

Minka Van Der Zwaag, Community Services Manager, explained all HSRAP
agencies received a 5 percent reduction in 2005 and a 5 percent reduction in
2009. Additional funds would not restore grants to prior levels.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood the HRC reduced funding for two-year
agencies by 5 percent to fund new agencies. The Council provided a 5
percent increase such that the reduction for two-year agencies was not
necessary.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag stated the 5 percent reduction did not apply to PACCC
and Avenidas because their contracts were not available for renewal.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if additional funds would be provided to PACCC
and Avenidas.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag answered yes. They would receive 7.2 percent of the
total grant allocation each or approximately $28,000 each.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the percentage increase for PACCC and
Avenidas.

                                                                        Page 24 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
