                       WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Klein felt the dichotomy between priority and sequence was
false. Sequence had to be a part of the priority decision. If a project would
not be ready for implementation in five years, then it would not be the first
priority. The Finance Committee would be involved because the amount of
money allocated to infrastructure projects would increase each year.

Council Member Burt stated equating importance and sequence with respect
to priority was a common fallacy. Importance and sequence informed
prioritization. Often the two were merged in discussing priorities.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to delete “use for” and add “guide the
allocation of the use of.”

Council Member Price reported the Committee's intention was to provide a
process with some flexibility. Many factors applied to any decision making.

Council Member Burt asked if funds in all categories except Community
Health and Safety would be allocated to capital projects. It was unclear
whether all sustainability programs would necessarily be capital projects.

Mr. Keene noted the Committee expressed concern that the funds be used
for maximum impact rather than operational expenses.

Council Member Burt felt all categories including Sustainability could possibly
be capital projects. He wanted to ensure the Council did not predetermine
use of funds.

Council Member Schmid stated the process for the Community Health and
Safety category was different.          The Staff Report mentioned several
suggestions for gathering potential topics such as a committee with Stanford
University or a committee with the City Manager. He inquired about a
method for generating a list of initial topics.

Council Member Price explained that the Committee would discuss methods
to carefully review and allocate Community Health and Safety funds. One of
the Committee's initial goals was to ensure that Community Health and
Safety funds were set aside for further discussion. The intent was to provide
flexibility in discussing allocation of funds.

Mr. Keene noted that the Council reserved $2 million of the $4 million in the
Community Health and Safety category for Project Safety Net. The SUMC
Development Agreement required a joint review process with Stanford
University regarding allocation of Community Health and Safety funds;
                                                                           Page 9 of 17
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Working Minutes: 9/9/13
