                                        MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff was working with the consultants on the model.
Staff planned to present an overview of traffic analysis methodology to the
P&TC in December 2013.

Council Member Holman noted the roofline at the top of the fourth floor and
at the screen was one continuous line along El Camino Real. That would
make the building appear as one big mass.            She requested future
clarification with respect to allowing maximum concessions for proposed
projects. The MND seemed to indicate that only the applicant would conduct
an evaluation and implementation of the signal timing change. She inquired
whether the language was standard.

Ms. Gitelman reported City Staff would review the applicant's analysis, and
language to that effect could be added to the Mitigation Monitoring and
Reporting Program.     However, Staff understood the meaning of the
language.

Council Member Holman inquired about Mr. Daiso's suggestion for obtaining
funds from the applicant for the mitigation.

Ms. Gitelman felt Mr. Daiso's suggestion was an option. The Mitigation
Monitoring and Reporting Plan included an item which stated the property
owner/developer would submit an evaluation for review by the City and
Caltrans.

Council Member Holman inquired about including a means to ensure funding
was supplied.

Ms. Gitelman had not seen            signal timing changes incorporated as a
mitigation, because that was          an action taken as needed. Staff could
determine a method to collect        the nominal fee for future adjustments and
apply it to signal optimization if   the Council wished.

Council Member Holman requested language to incorporate that change into
the Motion.

Ms. Gitelman would provide suggested language.

Council Member Holman would not support the Motion.

Council Member Berman inquired whether parking requirements in the State
Density Bonus Law included guest parking and disability parking.

Ms. Silver believed that was correct.


                                                                          Page 22 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    November 18, 2013
