                               MINUTES

Council Member Holman agreed policy guidelines was not the best
phraseology.

Council Member Burt suggested "clarifying existing Council policies."

Council Member Holman considered "noting existing Council policies."

Council Member Klein proposed "stating existing Council policies."

Council Member Klein did not agree with including "institutional memory,"
but he would accept it.

Mayor Scharff saw no harm in leaving "institutional memory."

Council Member Klein felt it was redundant.

Council Member Burt noted under Subsection I non-Liaison Council Members
at Board or Commission meetings should identify public comments as
individual opinions. Council Members had a right to speak, but the Council
should discourage that right. He inquired whether the Council was restricted
in the language it could use in terms of the rights of a non-Liaison Council
Member to attend and speak at a Board or Commission meeting. If the
Council could not prohibit Council Members from speaking as individuals,
then he wanted to include language that speaking as an individual was
strongly discouraged.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Council had the ability in terms of
governing its conduct to state that the Council wished to discourage that
type of activity. She did not suggest the Council go further than that.
Council Members had the ability to attend meetings and speak as a member
of the public.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to section 2.4 G that any public comments
from a non-Liaison Council Member to a Board or Commission is strongly
discouraged and should be identified.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the Tier 3 agencies in Attachment B should be
reviewed, because the list was not complete.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to add “as approved by Council” after “Community based
organizations” in 2.4 A, Tier 3.
                                                                           Page 14 of 18
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 4/15/13
