The City has subleased Cubberley to a variety of other organizations such as
child care centers, artist studios, dance groups, Foothills College and Cardiac
Care. The community has rightly come to value these uses and Cubberley
has become a valued Community Center.                 However Cubberley is
deteriorating: it needs new roofs and other substantial upgrades. The City
has not invested in Cubberley because it is unclear what will become of it.
These decisions and a master plan need to be developed now so Cubberley
does not “rot in place.”

The City owns 8 acres of Cubberley and the School District owns the
remaining 27 acres.    Cubberley represents some difficult policy and
community choices. I am confident however, that we can have a win-win
solution for the community that preserves the School District’s ability to
have a third high school 20-plus years from now, while allowing the
Community to preserve and invest in a lasting community center on the site.
What we must avoid is kicking the can down the road thereby depriving a
generation of the Community Center and facilities that they could have had
and deserve to have.

The City's present lease expires on December 31, 2014 and it has an option
to extend the lease for an additional five years. The lease requires that the
City give the School District notice of its intention whether to extend the
lease or not by the end of this year.

I think it's fair to say that the City Council wants to extend the lease,
preserve the current activities and at the very least modernize and
rehabilitate Cubberley. However, many things have changed since 1989 and
these need to be reflected in the lease. To help the Council and the School
Board in resolving these concerns we jointly appointed a Citizens Advisory
Committee that has nearly concluded its work and will make its report to a
joint public meeting of the School Board and the City Council in the next few
weeks.

It would be easier to kick this one down the road for a future Council and
School Board to deal with, but that is not the right thing to do. The
community deserves a strategic plan for these precious 35 acres of land,
dedicated to the highest and best use for a planned public facility
development, that meets both the School District’s and the community’s
needs. This is a project that should bring us together and make us proud.

Before I leave infrastructure, it is important to touch on three great
infrastructure projects that the community has been considering for years
and which pose significant underestimated infrastructure challenges. The


                                      10
