                               MINUTES
Alice Smith stated outreach and municipal meetings resulted in
improvements to the Project. The City Transportation Department should
convert Maybell Avenue to a one-way street with half the street reserved for
pedestrians and bicyclists.

Rita Vrhal opposed the selective rezoning of Palo Alto. The Council should
rescind the Ordinance and Resolution.

John Elman believed much of the opposition was caused by closing
Arastradero Road. Neighbors did not oppose senior housing; however,
Clemo Avenue was used as parking for the neighborhood park.

Robert Smith felt the Project was out of scale with the neighborhood and
should not have been approved. PAHC did not have sufficient funds to build
the Project; therefore, it needed the market rate homes to complete
funding. He urged the Council to repeal the Ordinance.

Council Member Berman indicated the Council's job was to do what was best
for the entire City. Given the divisiveness of the issue, a one-year delay in
the ballot measure would be costly to the fabric of the community. He
encouraged both parties to campaign vigorously and respectfully in the next
few months and to support the will of the electorate.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:     1) adopt Resolution 9368 attached to the Staff Report as
Attachment C calling for a special election for November 5, 2013 on the
referendum on the Ordinance to rezone the property located at 567-595
Maybell Avenue from R-2 low density residential and RM-15 multiple family
residential to PC Planned Community Overlay to permit 12 single family units
and a 60-unit multifamily affordable rental development for seniors; 2)
adopt Resolution 9369 attached to the Staff Report as Attachment D
repealing Resolution No. 9348 amending the comprehensive plan land use
map that changed the land use designation for 567-595 Maybell Avenue
from multi-family residential to single family residential; and 3) authorize
Council Members to use their official titles if they choose to sign ballot
arguments.

Council Member Berman stated the campaign would be used to present both
parties' opinions, and then the voters would decide. It was not logical to
have the issue continue for 15 months. He did not favor repeal of the
Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss explained the Council did not give funds to PAHC; it
loaned funds to PAHC. Most people were not aware of affordable housing
                                                                          Page 6 of 9
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/8/13
