                               MINUTES
requirements, the City would need to construct high-rise buildings. The City
should have more control over its zoning.

Council Member Holman recalled the City filed an appeal in an attempt to
reduce the housing requirement. The next Housing Element would focus on
converting existing housing units to affordable housing.

Council Member Schmid noted the next Housing Element cycle would fall
under the new forecasts. The Council should review and question those
forecasts. The Association of Bay Area Governments' (ABAG) protocol was
to place housing in priority development areas; however, 43 percent of the
housing units contained in the Housing Element were located south of El
Camino Real.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Kniss' comments. The
State's housing program was misguided. He would support the Motion only
because he did not have an alternative. He inquired whether there was
truth to the reports that the Legislature was considering changes to the
RHNA program.

Mayor Scharff had heard that, and noted that Assemblyman Gordon and
others were working on legislation.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

25.   Recommendation from Finance Committee to Adopt a Resolution
      Amending the 2013 Management and Professional Compensation Plan
      and Adopt a Resolution Amending the City of Palo Alto Merit Rules and
      Regulations.

26.   Adoption of a Resolution Implementing Terms for Utilities Managers
      and Professionals Association of Palo Alto Pursuant to California
      Government Code Section 350.

27.   Adoption of a Resolution Approving Terms for Palo Alto Police
      Managers' Association.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman to
move to June 24, 2013 Agenda Item Numbers 25-27.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Shepherd no



                                                                         Page 21 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes June 17, 2013
