                        WORKING MINUTES
regard to bags. She inquired whether there was a means to gauge the
impact on usage.

Ms. Weiss noted Staff surveyed restaurants to determine that one-third of
restaurants were using only paper products. Staff could perform the survey
again with the same sample size at the end of one year with the $0.10
charge in place to determine if there had been any behavioral changes at
restaurants. However, that would provide information about store behavior
rather than individual behavior.

Council Member Holman inquired whether requiring food service
establishments to charge for plastic bags rather than prohibiting plastic bag
usage was an option.

Ms. Stump responded no. State law did not allow local jurisdictions to
impose a fee on the use of plastic.

Council Member Burt asked if State law allowed a charge for paper bags but
not plastic bags.

Ms. Stump answered yes.

Council Member Burt believed the two goals for the Ordinance were
preventing release of plastic litter into the environment and reducing landfill.
Paper bags currently being used would go into paper recycling. He inquired
about the net gain for the Zero Waste program by eliminating paper bags.

Mr. Bobel agreed with his comments regarding the two goals. Although the
City had recycling programs for paper and plastic bags, residents did not
recycle all paper and plastic bags. A reusable bag was a good option to
paper and plastic bags; therefore, it was logical to have an Ordinance to
prohibit or restrict paper and plastic bag usage.

Council Member Burt stated the practical reality was residents would
purchase plastic bags to replace paper bags as trash can liners. He asked
what residents would use as trash can liners if they used only reusable bags
when shopping.

Mr. Bobel indicated Council Member Burt seized on the one legitimate
complaint or criticism of Staff's proposal. An extremely small percentage of
paper bags were used for trash can liners.

Council Member Burt asked why Staff believed only an extremely small
percentage of paper bags were reused.
                                                                           Page 7 of 16
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Working Minutes: 3/11/13
