                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd believed in the democratic process. She supported
placing the initiative on the ballot. Under existing zoning, the maximum
build on the property could be 37 units.

Aaron Aknin, Acting Director Planning and Community             Environment,
reported 34 units could be constructed under existing zoning.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted to understand the number of bedrooms that
would be added to the community. The Council was interested in the
number of bedrooms, because the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
was concerned about zoning of residences. Small units could attract seniors
or singles but not families with children. The Project followed Palo Alto's
process. The Project resulted in 104 bedrooms. She inquired about the
number of bedrooms resulting from a single-family development.

Mr. Aknin calculated the Project would provide 103 bedrooms. A standard
development without a density bonus would provide 119 bedrooms. A
standard development with the maximum density bonus would provide 161
bedrooms.

Vice Mayor Shepherd heard that a market-rate development would not be
built to the maximum density allowed for the site. She wanted to proceed
with a ballot measure, because people signed referenda in order to vote.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the funding source for affordable
housing required the Project to remain as affordable housing.

Ms. Silver reported there were several safeguards regarding affordability
covenants. The City would place a regulatory covenant on the land via its
loan to PAHC. Other loan providers also held affordability covenants. The
tax credit funding probably also had an affordability requirement.

Council Member Holman felt too many projects negatively impacted the
community; however, this Project was compatible with the neighborhood.
This Project would help with the homelessness issue. The number of
bedrooms from a market-rate development would have a greater impact
than the Project. The Council needed to address traffic issues on Maybell
Avenue. She requested that campaign participants make informed and
accurate statements.

Council Member Burt agreed with previous comments made by colleagues.
The two most prevalent objections to the Project concerned the houses on
Maybell Avenue and the PC process. The current zoning along Maybell
Avenue was R-2, which meant 8 units could be built under existing zoning.
                                                                           Page 8 of 9
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 8/8/13
