                           2013 State of the City

Welcome to Lucky 2013 and the State of the City Address for the City of Palo
Alto. Lucky, because simply put Palo Alto in 2013 is the most desirable place
to live, work and raise a family in the United States, if not the world. Palo
Alto is not the Capital of Silicon Valley; it is the birthplace, the creative
center, the heart, the essence of Silicon Valley. It is Silicon Valley; it is the
innovation capital of the world. The ideas that change the world start here.
In a garage, or in a coffee house, in our homes, or offices, the future
continues to be invented here in Palo Alto.

We have the most educated citizens in the Country, ranking at the top of
state and national polls with 80% of our adult population having B.A.s and
nearly 50% with graduate degrees. Palo Alto is recognized for having
community members who are often not only knowledgeable in whatever
issues arise, but we often have the expert.

We have fantastic schools, 34 parks, 4,000 acres of open space, a wonderful
urban forest with trees that sometimes even have names, a great sense of
community and a shared sense of core values. Our town is walkable, bikable
and has wonderful commercial areas from Charleston Plaza in the south to
Downtown in the north, California Avenue in the west and soon a revitalized
Edgewood Plaza in the east. The Midtown Commercial District and Town and
Country are at our core and of course, there is Stanford Shopping Center.

As we have done for the last 10 years, Palo Alto conducted a comprehensive
survey that looks at what Palo Altans think about their City and once again I
am happy to report that 91% of those surveyed believe that Palo Alto has a
high quality of life. These results show what they show every year-- that
Palo Altans love their City and are very happy here.

I am very excited to be doing the State of the City at the headquarters of
Tesla Motors. Tesla is the future of the American automobile. A Tesla
vehicle is a huge technological achievement that moves America forward. It
embodies Palo Alto’s core values of innovation, sustainability and a bright
future without limits.   I also want to thank them for agreeing to donate
some charging stations to the City of Palo Alto this year and for hosting this
event. If we could please give Tesla a round of applause.

Palo Alto is one of the greenest cities in America. Palo Alto Green, our zero
waste programs, sustainable buildings, renewable energy and our climate
protection plan make us not only a model for other cities, but a global
leader. Every citizen can take pride in the fact that we are on the forefront
of combating climate change. Today I am pleased to announce that Palo


                                       1
