                             MINUTES
Mayor Scharff announced that the Council would continue to City Manager
Comments while the City Clerk tabulated the vote for Agenda Item Numbers
3, 4, 5, and 6.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager announced the State of California Governor
appointed a Technical Services Coordinator Charles Cullen to the State 911
Advisory Board, the Open Data and Open Budget projects won awards, PG&E
was working on pipes on Alma Street requiring some recently repaved roads
being dug up by PG&E, and the Neighborhood Grant Program was in full
swing with about half the funds being distributed.

Mayor Scharff noted that the Council would complete their ballots for the
Historic Resources Board, the Human Relations Commission, and the Public
Art Commission and have the City Clerk report the results. Then the ballots
would be collected for the Library Advisory Commission.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Palo Alto Free Press said the City Council and Staff ignored Palo Alto Free
Press. He also stated that the City Council does not listen to the members of
the community. He said the Council should respect unfavorable speech.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, presented the results of the ballots for the Historic
Resources Board, the Human Relations Commission, and the Public Art
Commission.

Mayor Scharff announced that the City Council should cast their ballots for
the Library Advisory Commission and then adjourn to the Council break at
5:35 P.M. The City Clerk would report out the results of the ballots upon the
return of the City Council from their break.

The City Council adjourned for break from 5:35 P.M.to 6:00 P.M.

Ms. Grider presented the results of the ballots for the Library Advisory
Commission.

3.    Appointment for One Position on the Historic Resources Board for an
      Unexpired Three Year Term Ending May 31, 2014 (Resignation of
      Smithwick).

First Round of voting for the Historic Resources Board for an unexpired three
year term ending May 31, 2014 (Resignation of Smithwick):


                                                                           Page 2 of 33
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 6/10/13
