                                MINUTES
Darlene Gonzalez shared her experience as a homeless person.                       The
homeless people at Cubberley created their own community.

Greg Rodgers indicated vehicle dwellers were employed, seeking
employment or disabled. The majority of vehicle dwellers at Cubberley were
not causing problems in the community.

Matthew Dimick opposed the proposed Ordinance and urged the Council to
vote against it. Waiting lists for affordable housing were years long.

Abby Mohaupt urged the City to reach out to faith communities to solve the
homeless problem.

Dr. Marilyn Winkleby encouraged the Council to collect data to validate
assumptions prior to punishing vehicle dwellers. It was very difficult to link
the homeless with social services.

Katie Fantin stated the proposed Ordinance would not solve the vehicle
habitation issue but would marginalize those already struggling.

Michael Fischetti, M.D. indicated social services were not sufficient to locate
housing for all homeless people in Santa Clara County.

Tomas Moran believed the community's generosity could provide solutions to
vehicle habitation.

Joseph Rosas was not surprised that the Council was considering a ban on
vehicle habitation.

Laura Chiu referenced the Palo Alto Municipal Code regarding discrimination,
and asked the Council to uphold its policy not to discriminate against poor
people.

Fred Smith related his story of loss and asked the Council not to adopt the
proposed Ordinance.

Norma Grench asked the Council not to adopt the proposed Ordinance and
to search for alternative solutions.

Lay Brother Steven Gerard suggested the Council learn about Father Joe's
housing in San Diego.

Shaun Cartwright reported San Mateo County had a ten-year action plan,
Housing Our People Effectively (HOPE), to address issues of homelessness.
                                                                             Page 9 of 18
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
