                               MINUTES

Mr. Williams indicated the building file estimated $600,000 to relocate and
rehabilitate Building 1. He did not know if the estimate would change
without relocation costs, but suggested it would be approximately the same.

Council Member Price requested Staff comment on the rationale for a higher
fine for demolishing Building 1.

Mr. Williams explained that penalties as stated in the Municipal Code were
not extensive. Staff calculated the fine to be approximately $11,000. Staff
believed imposing a substantially greater fine was a component of the
Council's discretion regarding PC zoning. The Council did not have all the
details before it to consider PC zoning. The Council could instruct Staff to
propose a penalty when they returned with the PC zoning discussion.

Council Member Price inquired whether the Council should discuss an
increased fine when it discussed the SEIR.

Mr. Williams answered yes. During a discussion of the SEIR, the Council
could amend the PC zoning for the site.          In conjunction with that
amendment, the Council could require substantially more as a penalty.

Council Member Klein referenced the procedures outlined on page 390
regarding proceeding with construction of housing, and inquired whether
those procedures would provide as much protection for the City as possible.

Molly Stump, City Attorney explained that those procedures still contained
some risk if they occurred prior to the Council hearing and adopting the
SEIR. Although the procedures contained elements to protect the City from
risk, that kind of construction normally did not occur prior to the EIR being
adopted.

Council Member Klein asked if someone could still sue the City.

Ms. Stump stated that was correct.

Council Member Klein suggested adding a third element to the procedures to
state that the Applicant would be obligated to defend resulting litigation.

Ms. Stump believed a defense indemnification obligation was in place. The
concern was how to proceed expeditiously. The possibility of litigation had
the potential to create delay and to generate costs. It made more sense to
move forward without those risks.


03-04-2013                                                          112- 348
