                          DRAFT MINUTES

Council Member Burt appreciated Ms. Salazar steering the Council to the
issue of employees searching for employers with attractive retiree benefits.
That issue became a real cost for the City. He inquired whether Staff could
provide a comparison of Palo Alto and other cities that had lower medical
retiree benefits in the past, indicate how that shifted the number of retirees
for whom the City was responsible for paying benefits, and the dollar
amount for that shift. The actuarial analysis was different from the City's
usual calculation. The analysis indicated how the City attracted long-term,
high-cost employees. With regard to claims made in labor groups' letters,
he had difficulty considering benefit alternatives prior to having responses to
those claims. He asked if Staff could generally respond to some of the
claims, and referenced claims made in Service Employees International
Union's (SEIU) letter.

Mr. Keene reported Staff had done little more than discuss an array of
avenues that the City could review in determining how to fund its healthcare
benefits for active and retired employees going forward. Staff certainly
talked very clearly to employees that they thought a flexible benefits plan
was a viable option along with other options. He told employees the City
had rising healthcare costs and would have to find a method to fund them
and, if costs continued to rise, the City would not be able to maintain the
same benefits. He was not aware of any foundation for the numbers cited in
the SEIU letter.

Council Member Burt inquired whether there was any scenario discussed
with employees or considered under which the retirement medical benefit for
long-term employees would be cut by more than 90 percent while leaving
the benefit intact for newer employees.

Ms. Shen stated Staff had not discussed any type of specific arrangement.
Staff had talked in broad, general terms. She was not familiar with his
reference.

Council Member Burt indicated he was citing the January 31 letter from
Evelyn Gutierrez.

Mr. Keene had not had a conversation that approximated anything like that
with Staff.

Council Member Burt felt there was no point in asking follow-up questions as
the remaining claims were based on that premise. He wished to understand
the basis for the Unions' claims, and encouraged Staff to ask that question
when responding.
                                                                          Page 15 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
