                              MINUTES
park. That would require the City to buy the property for $16 million plus
reimburse PAHC. The site was not large enough for a standard size playing
field and associated parking. A park next door and a nearby school provided
recreational facilities. The impacts of playing fields on traffic, parking and
noise were not evaluated, but were significant and had to be considered as
well. Another issue was violation of the private streets requirement in the
Code. The definition of a private street was a street that served lots without
frontage on public streets. All the residential lots had frontage on either
Maybell Avenue or Clemo Avenue. Residents also voiced a concern that the
City's loans to PAHC for the Project indicated the City was committed to
approving the Project. The City provided two loans totaling $5.8 million to
help with acquisition of the site. Those loan agreements explicitly noted the
City's land-use authority over the Project and its discretion to approve the
Project, and provided substantial financial safeguards if the Council denied
the entitlements. The City's Housing Fund provided the monies for the
loans, and use of those funds was limited to this purpose. In addition, those
funds were generated by in-lieu fees on housing or commercial developers.
Staff urged the Council to take advantage of the opportunity to provide
affordable senior housing.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, explained that the Council faced constraints
under State law when it considered an application of this type. The Housing
Accountability Act limited the City's ability to deny an application for certain
types of housing projects. The purpose of the Act was to constrain local
government decisions that would deny affordable housing projects. Under
the Act, the City could deny a qualifying affordable housing project only
under circumstances listed in the statute. She then read the circumstances
under which a project could be denied.

Gary Black, President of Hexagon Transportation Consultants, wished to
respond to concerns raised in a letter submitted by another traffic consultant
on behalf of neighbors. The Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority
(VTA) Traffic Study Guidelines required traffic studies for projects expected
to generate more than 100 peak hour trips. The Project was estimated to
generate approximately 20 peak hour trips. The traffic study was performed
in conformance with the VTA traffic study requirements and procedures. He
actually counted trips at three affordable senior housing projects in Palo Alto
to determine trip generation and parking characteristics, and then utilized
those rates in the traffic study. A great deal of consideration was given to
bicycles and pedestrians, resulting in recommendations for sidewalks,
parking and other enhancements. The letter concluded that additional study
needed to be performed. He strongly disagreed. The Council had all the
information needed to make a decision on the Project.

                                                                           Page 21 of 33
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 6/10/13
