                     MINUTES
measure was mentioned first or later in the sequence of ballot measures.
FM3 tested the concept of reducing the amount of the bond, noting that the
reduction would lead to a lower cost to the City but that there might be
other mechanisms found to finance the $20 million increment. That change
yielded roughly a 5 point increase in support to 69 percent, which reached
the two-thirds level of support needed for approval. At the same time,
however, the overall level of support remained soft at 19 percent. The level
of support remained within the survey's margin of error for the two-thirds
vote required for approval. Typically this structure provided a high-end
estimate of the increase that might be gained by reducing that amount. FM3
was not confident a public safety bond measure would reach the two-thirds
margin of support. That assessment was also borne out when reviewing
respondents' reactions to pro and con arguments.                 After negative
messaging, the level of support decreased to 55 percent, well below the two-
thirds margin. When presented as the first in the series of measure
concepts, the bond measure did not move over that two-thirds level of
support. Until the Council developed a package containing more specific
amount and costs, it was difficult to see the measure winning two-thirds
voter support. The last option tested and the least viable option was a CFD
to fund parking improvements in the City. FM3 did not test the mechanism
specifically in prior surveys; although, it did test the idea of aggregate
investments in parking garages in prior surveys. Overall the level of support
for a CFD in each survey was shy of a majority, let alone the two-thirds
supermajority required to approve the formation of a CFD. FM3 also tested
a variety of price points, lower than the initial $24 per year presented to
respondents. While support increased by reducing the per household cost to
$9 per year, support remained at 55 percent, well short of the two-thirds
required for supermajority approval. FM3 did test pro and con arguments on
the CFD measure as well. The negative message had a significant impact in
that it moved a majority support to a majority in opposition. When the
concept was changed to using a CFD not only to fund parking garages but
also to fund a variety of other forms of Transportation Demand Management
(TDM), support rose to 64 percent, just short of the two-thirds supermajority
level. Funding parking garages and additional services would likely require a
tax impact higher than the levels tested in the prior question. Given all of
that and the supermajority two-thirds requirement, FM3 did not believe the
approach was viable at the current time. FM3's task was to report findings
to the Council and then provide a recommendation. The TOT measure was
clearly viable either as a special tax or general tax. FM3 did not believe
additional research was needed for a TOT measure. FM3 recommend the
CFD measure be set aside, and it did not merit further research. While the
public safety building was clearly a major priority for the City's infrastructure
improvements, the funding options tested in the survey suggested it was still
well short of two-thirds support. While there may be an ability to reach two-
                                                                           Page 18 of 40
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 12/9/13
