                    MINUTES

Vice Mayor Shepherd did not believe the proposed Ordinance would apply
retroactively. The proposed Ordinance would relieve neighbors of the need
to push for completion of construction projects.

Council Member Price indicated incomplete construction projects were health
and safety hazards.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   Public Hearing: Council Review of an Appealed Architectural Review
      Approval of a Four Story, 15,000 s.f. Mixed Use Building Replacing a
      Two Story, 7,000 s.f. Commercial Building at 240 Hamilton, a CD-
      C(GF)(P) Zoned Parcel; Council Adoption of the Mitigated Negative
      Declaration and Approval of a Record of Land Use Action for the
      Project. (A related Variance for Encroachment Into Special Setbacks on
      Hamilton Avenue and Ramona Street Was Not Appealed) (Continued
      from November 12, 2013).

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment,
reviewed Code sections regarding Context Based Design Criteria and
compatibility. One basis of the appellant's appeal was the review process. A
desire to re-examine the process was not a valid reason for upholding the
appeal of a specific project. She requested an opportunity to respond to
public comment regarding California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
issues.

Jason Nortz, Planning Manager, reported the 240 Hamilton Avenue Project
was originally approved by the Director of Planning in July 2013 and
appealed in August 2013. The Project was a four-story, 50-foot, mixed-used
building located at the corner of Hamilton Avenue and Ramona Street. The
15,000-square-foot building would replace an existing 7,000-square-foot
building. The Project included ground floor retail, two floors of office space,
and two residential units on the fourth floor. A recessed ground floor
provided pedestrian friendly features. Parking was provided through a
combination of four onsite spaces, Transfers of Development Rights (TDR),
and in-lieu payments. Architectural Review Board (ARB) hearings were held
in June and July 2013. The Planning Director granted approval on July 23,
2013. The Project was placed on the City Council's Consent Calendar on
September 9, 2013. On December 5, 2013, the Council adopted a new
Parking Ordinance, which eliminated two parking exemptions previously
applied to the Project. Mr. Douglas Smith and 23 cosigners appealed based
on three grounds:       aesthetic quality and impact on nearby heritage
buildings; Staff's analysis of parking requirements and the Project's
                                                                          Page 29 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/9/13
