          MINUTES
Council Member Klein reported the court in Sacramento issued decisions
against High Speed Rail. Palo Alto deserved praise for helping stop High
Speed Rail.

Council Member Burt reported the Policymaker Working Group discussed
significant increases in Caltrain ridership. Cities in the Peninsula were
building transit oriented development in anticipation of more riders using
Caltrain. The demand for Caltrain ridership would also increase when
electrification occurred. If funding for High Speed Rail was delayed and
electrification funding occurred, then Caltrain was liberated to utilize track
capacity as much as possible. The Palo Alto Rail Committee recommended
Caltrain evaluate the potential of increasing capacity by lengthening the
platforms of high demand stations.

Council Member Kniss was troubled by the lack of funding for Caltrain.
Extending platforms was a problem for Caltrain, because of real estate
issues.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Cybele Lo Vuolo-Bhushan felt the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance was not well
written. She hoped the Council would revise the Ordinance to prevent
lawsuits.

Wayne Douglass reported a neighbor lost his residence; however, other
neighbors took him in and found him a home in Barstow.

Shani Kleinhaus announced a burrowing owl was sited at Byxbee Park. The
Audubon certification for golf courses provided best practices, but was not
an enhancement for a golf course.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to approve the minutes of October 21 and 28, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

Robert Moss spoke to Agenda Item no. 5 and was happy to see the Council
reviewing Planned Community (PC) Zoning. Residents indicated they were
upset with the PC process and the type of developments constructed. The

                                                                          Page 8 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/02/13
