                               MINUTES
(IBRC).  The Council already knew the issue was lack of funding for
undergrounding utilities. Increasingly homeowners opposed undergrounding
when they learned their cost for extending utilities to the home. An advisory
body would learn that undergrounding utilities was not financially feasible,
and the Council already knew that. The UAC should consider this topic, if
needed.

Council Member Burt concurred with Council Member Klein's comments. He
did not believe undergrounding utilities was a critical issue for the
community. An advisory body would distract from infrastructure initiatives
and dilute resources.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Members Klein and Burt's
comments. Perhaps a few paragraphs could be added to the Utilities page of
the City's website to update the public.

Council Member Price concurred with Council Members Klein, Burt, and
Holman.

Mayor Scharff believed undergrounding utilities was a lingering issue. The
community needed to know the costs and alternatives for funding. A
citizens committee would be helpful in providing community input and
information regarding costs.    The Council should support the UAC's
recommendation to have an advisory body.

MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Shepherd, Yes

11.   Downtown Parking Update and Direction Regarding Near-Term Parking
      Actions.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment,
recommended a series of actions for short-term implementation related to
Downtown parking issues. The proposed Motion was to direct Staff to
evaluate and implement specific programs of: a) an attendant parking trial;
b) a City commitment to reduce employee parking spaces in the City Hall
garage; c) the potential for a public-private partnership for a new parking
garage on Lot P; d) restrictions on the creation and use of Transfer of
Development Rights (TDR); e) revision of other zoning provisions related to
parking exceptions; and f) potential parking restrictions or a Residential
Permit Parking Program (RPPP) in the surrounding neighborhoods. Several
of those programs would need Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) input. Staff would continue to be active in parking studies in a
number of venues. The Garage Parking Study was reviewing five parking
lots in Downtown and the potential feasibility of constructing a parking
                                                                        Page 6 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
