                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd noted community concerns regarding closure of the
Main Library for renovations. The Library at College Terrace would be open
an additional day. She inquired whether the College Terrace Library would
now be open seven days a week. Library Staff attempted to make additional
hours available at the libraries.

Monique LeConge, Library Director, provided information regarding revised
library locations and hours. The College Terrace Library added a day, and
would be open five days a week. The Downtown Library would be open from
12:00 P.M. to 8:00 P.M. on Monday, and open until 8:00 P.M. on Thursday.
The Mitchell Park Library and Children's Library continued with normal hours.
The net loss of library hours was only four hours per week. The program
room at the Downtown Library was being used as a reading room. More
children's programming would be held at the Children's Library.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood the closures and renovations would be
inconvenient and disruptive for the community; however, the branches
would be operational sooner.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff monitor usage of the Downtown
Library to determine whether patrons utilized it rather than the temporary
library sites.

Ms. LeConge reported Staff continually monitored citizens' use of libraries.
Many families utilized the Children's Library on Sundays. She agreed with
monitoring usage at the Downtown Library.

Council Member Burt encouraged Staff to monitor whether Saturday usage
of the Main Library moved to the Downtown Library. If usage of the
Downtown Library was heavy, then perhaps it should be open on Sunday.
He asked when the construction contract for the Main Library would be
presented to the Council, and if the Council would have ample time to review
it prior to approving it.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff scheduled the award of the Main Library contract
for presentation to the Council on June 13, 2013. If the Council did not have
time for adequate discussion on June 13, 2013, then the Council could
continue the discussion to a subsequent meeting.

Council Member Burt inquired about the reasons for closing the Main Library
prior to awarding a contract.



                                                                       Page 18 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/6/13
