                               MINUTES

CONSENT CALENDAR

Dan DeCamp appealed approval of the project at 260 California Avenue
(Agenda Item Number 11) because of inconsistencies in documents related
to traffic and parking. The project did not have sufficient parking.

Paul Machado noted the 260 California Avenue project (Agenda Item
Number 11) would not be required to build parking spaces needed for the
project. It appeared the Council considered the residents' concerns as
irrelevant.

Fred Balin stated there was no Architectural Review Board (ARB)
recommendation on the environmental study as the hearing regarding 260
California Avenue (Agenda Item Number 11) was held prior to the close of
the comment period. Good design along California Avenue did not warrant
elimination of the rear 20-foot setback. The new use would add two floors
of office space with only half of parking provided onsite.

Michael Eager was concerned parking for the 260 California Avenue project
(Agenda Item Number 11) was insufficient. The assumption of one parking
space per 300 square feet of office space was incorrect for the office space
available along California Avenue. The lack of parking would adversely
impact California Avenue and adjacent neighborhoods.

Tommy Derrick urged the Council to require developers to build the required
number of parking spaces. The 260 California Avenue project (Agenda Item
Number 11) should be required to build the number of parking spaces
required by the Code.

Trish Mulvey was concerned about the contract regarding the Newell Road
Bridge (Agenda Item Number 12). The contract did not give the Council the
opportunity to express ideas.

Mayor Scharff noted Agenda Item Number 14 was correctly placed on the
Consent Calendar and not in the Budget.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported that the Fiber Optic Utility Rate
Increase was considered by the Finance Committee. Agenda Item Number
14 could be placed on the Consent Calendar and in the Budget.

Herb Borock felt the Resolution attached to the Staff Report for Agenda Item
Number 14 was part of the Budget. The Resolution also appeared in the

                                                                          Page 14 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
