                              MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz felt the rules favored the fortunate and penalized the less
fortunate. Because of the lack of housing and jobs, people were homeless.
The showers at Cubberley were taken away from homeless people for no
reason.

Cybele asked if the Council identified one area where the homeless
population at Cubberley could move to. The State of California required
each city to identify zoning for a shelter. She asked if a shelter was
identified and did citizens know about it.

Wayne Douglass remembered Willie Branch, who overcame homelessness
through Palo Alto's generosity.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Agenda Item Number 8.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A THIRD

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-11.

Council Member Holman registered a No vote on Agenda Item Number 8.

Council Member Schmid registered a No vote on Agenda Item Number 8.

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, noted that responses to Council
Member Holman’s questions regarding Agenda Item Number 8 had not been
provided to Council prior the meeting and were being distributed.

Art Liberman requested Agenda Item Number 2 be removed from the
Consent Calendar. The City Auditor should investigate whether funds paid to
Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC) were used for projects not approved
by the Council, and investigate Staff's relationship with PAHC.

Trina Lovercheck noted the contract between PAHC and the Council was
longstanding.   PAHC was no different from Avenidas and Palo Alto
Community Childcare with regard to receiving City funding.

Stephanie Munoz did not believe the City should sell zoning; however, Palo
Alto needed housing. She suggested PAHC fulfill senior housing needs.


                                                                        Page 7 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/7/13
