                          DRAFT MINUTES
There was real confusion as to whether the outgoing Mayor was in charge
when there was almost a flood at Chaucer Bridge on January 1, 2006. He
inquired whether the State Constitution and the Charter prohibited newly
elected and reelected Council Members from taking the oath before January
1.

Ms. Stump explained the Charter did not prohibit any oath taking wish to
engage in, but the oath was ineffective to make one eligible to take
authority as a Council Member until one was in the office, which was the first
moment of January 1.

Council Member Burt stated Mr. Borock asserted that Council Members had
taken office prior to January 1 in the past.

Ms. Stump indicated, with due respect to Mr. Borock, the office began at the
first moment of January 1.

Council Member Burt did not believe it was the intention of the community to
rely on an Emergency Standby Council. He encouraged the Policy and
Services Committee to consider adding a circumstance where if the Mayor
and Vice Mayor were termed out and only on that occasion, then the first
meeting would be moved to the first business day of the year.

Council Member Price supported the Substitute Motion, and agreed with
comments made in support of the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Kniss suggested the Council determine why it had an
Emergency Standby Council; consider electing a Vice Mayor that would be in
office longer than January 1 of the next year; and, consider actions of other
cities in similar situations.

Council Member Schmid urged the Policy and Services Committee to address
the issue of only four business meetings in January and February.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-0

6.   Approval of Resolution Scheduling the City Council Vacation and Winter
     Closure for 2013.

Donna Grider, City Clerk reported the Municipal Code required the Council to
set its Vacation schedule for the calendar year in the month of February.
She polled Council Members for their preferences for the summer and winter
breaks, and reported that information in the Staff Report. The prior year's
Vacation from July 24 to August 24, 2012 was not the norm. In the previous
                                                                         Page 25 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
