                              MINUTES
significant progress achieved. The majority of the changes could be found
in the Committee Staff Reports from June 6 and September 3, 2013. The
$132 million amount represented unfunded costs if the Jay Paul Company
Project public benefit proposal was approved. The public benefit provided
by the developer totaled $48 million with the City's contribution totaling
approximately $9 million. The Jay Paul Company Project continued to
move through the planning process. The Police Department and the Public
Works Department were working with the City's architect to ensure any
project met the Police Department's needs. A Council Study Session to
study traffic impacts was scheduled for early December 2013. The overall
project schedule indicated the Council would make a decision on approval
in late summer or early fall of 2014. That decision did not align with the
timeline for a potential revenue measure. However, a Draft Environmental
Impact Report (DEIR) would be available by the time the Council made
decisions in the spring of 2014. The DEIR should provide a thorough
analysis of the different issues and sufficient information for the Council to
make informed decisions about the Public Safety Building.

Joe Saccio, Assistant Director of Administrative Services, noted impact
fees of various sorts were available for specific areas as designated. The
Downtown Parking In-Lieu Fee Fund, totaling $4 million, could be used for
construction of garages. The Infrastructure Reserve Fund totaling $8
million exceeded the amount needed to fund the CIP over the next five
years. The excess could be used for infrastructure projects. Two parcels
on Middlefield Road could be sold; however, Staff needed Council direction
on that issue. Staff estimated $2.4 million would be received from new
hotels. COPs were issued to improve the Golf Course and the Civic
Center. COPs did not require voter approval. Every $1 million in revenue
could generate approximately $14 million from COPs for project funds,
depending on interest rates. Staff estimated an auto dealership at the
MSC site could generate $0.8 million in rental income. If a new Public
Safety Building was constructed, then the existing Public Safety Building
could generate $1.4 million in rent, not including renovation costs.
Potential rental income could raise $19.6 million from COPs. A digital
reader board was another potential revenue stream of $0.8 million.
Renting the Los Altos Treatment Plant (LATP) site could raise between
$1.3 million and $2 million. The Committee considered increases in the
Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) and Sales Tax as possible revenue
streams. If the economy slowed causing revenue streams to decrease,
the City would have to find other resources to fill the gap between
estimated and actual revenue.

Ms. Tucker stated the Committee was proceeding with further study around
five key areas: increasing TOT; forming a Mello-Roos District to fund parking
                                                                           Page 5 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/28/13
