                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether the soccer fields were open to
public use, and whether joint use was consistent with the public benefits
aspect of the agreement.

Mayor Scharff suggested Council Member Holman's questions were moving
off topic.

Council Member Holman believed her questions were on topic, because
approving the Resolutions could remove leverage for obtaining public
benefits.

Council Member Klein indicated the discussion was out of order. The Council
held TEFRA hearings for a variety of organizations, and the hearings did not
provide leverage over the organizations. The City was simply meeting
narrow restrictions of the Internal Revenue Code.

Mayor Scharff agreed.    The purpose of the TEFRA hearing was to obtain
public comment.

Council Member Holman felt the City had few opportunities for influence.

Mayor Scharff ruled Council Member Holman out of order.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Holman no

18.   Energy-Compost Facility and Export Option Request for Proposal (RFP)
      Approval and Recommendation for the Landfill Capping Considerations.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Environmental Services noted the Energy-
Compost Facility (ECF) would be located on the southwestern side of the
Sewage Treatment Plant. The 10-acre area was undedicated as parkland by
Measure E in November 2011. The Council had to consider landfill capping
and a Request for Proposal (RFP).


Ron Arp, Manager Solid Waste reported the Council directed Staff in 2010 to
initiate a feasibility study for an ECF. The City procured the services of ARI
to conduct the study, and a report was presented to the Council in
September 2011. The report recommended that if the site at Byxbee Park
became available through passage of Measure E, then the City should take
further action to consider anaerobic digestion (AD) or other technologies to
manage organic waste. Approximately 8 of the 10 acres were located on the
landfill footprint.


01-14-2013                                                          112- 178
