                               MINUTES
Mayor Scharff was concerned about referring Guiding Principles to the Policy
and Service Committee, because Council Member Klein would have to recuse
himself from the discussion. The Motion contained features similar to
Guiding Principles. He preferred the Council discuss Guiding Principles
rather than referring them to the Policy and Services Committee.

Vice Mayor Shepherd assumed Staff would develop Guiding Principles for
Council discussion.

Council Member Price stated the Focused Community Input Process was
truncated.  Open community meetings were valuable; however, the
community wanted meaningful engagement.

Council Member Burt explained that the primary differences between the
Substitute Motion and the Motion related to the extent of the process and a
stakeholder group. The stakeholder group would have a leadership role in
the process. Community meetings would be informed and framed by the
stakeholder group meetings. Having Stanford University as a participant
would not occur under the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Council Member Burt would support the
Substitute Motion if it included a stakeholder group.

Council Member Burt noted the only difference then would be the number of
community input meetings.

Mayor Scharff indicated the Council appeared to have a 4-4 vote on the
Motion and the Substitute Motion, and asked if a compromise was possible.

Council Member Burt would like to see more meetings. Three to six
meetings was not sufficient for the iterative process of stakeholder and
community meetings.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would not hold three community meetings, but
perhaps a minimum of six meetings over the course of a year. A joint study
session of the Council and PTC could occur after the input process began.
He inquired whether the Council wanted to discuss Guiding Principles before
initiating public meetings.

Council Member Kniss as seconder of the Substitute             Motion would
compromise with six to eight community meetings.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood the check in with Council was a precursor
to holding additional community meetings, and was agreeable to adding
                                                                          Page 10 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
