                               MINUTES

Mr. Aknin responded yes.

James Keene, City Manager, suggested Staff clarify impacts to projects.

Mr. Aknin reported that the proposed Ordinance did not prevent projects
from proceeding. Projects would have to pay an in-lieu fee equivalent to the
amount of the exemption. One parking space was equivalent to $60,000.
The 240 Hamilton Avenue project was impacted by more than $500,000.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether pipeline projects would lose 200 square feet
of Floor Area Ratio (FAR) and have to redesign projects or if projects simply
have to pay for parking spots.

Mr. Aknin stated yes, as currently drafted.

Mayor Scharff asked if projects would have to be redesigned to deal with
that issue.

Mr. Aknin answered yes. If projects were over the FAR amount, applicants
would have to redesign projects or buy existing TDRs to backfill that
amount.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the two projects in Table 5 were
excluded from the proposed Ordinance.

Mr. Aknin indicated they would be excluded as recommended by Staff.

Council Member Klein asked if the two projects could proceed.

Mr. Aknin replied yes.

Council Member Klein counted seven projects in the pipeline.

Mr. Aknin noted the 261 Hamilton Avenue project was shown twice in the
table; therefore, only six projects were in the pipeline.

Council Member Klein asked if the six projects could proceed if the applicants
paid the parking in-lieu fee.

Mr. Aknin needed to determine whether applicants would have to reduce
overall square footage in terms of FAR when the 200 square feet was applied
to both floor area and the parking situation. From a parking standpoint, the
applicants could pay the in-lieu fee and proceed with the project.
                                                                        Page 13 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/21/13
