Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan
In 2012, Council adopted a state-of-the-art bicycle and pedestrian plan for
Palo Alto, and directed staff to develop an aggressive program to implement
the Plan. New facilities will include bike boulevards, bike lanes, creekside
paths, the Adobe Creek/Highway 101 Bridge and other improvements to
overcome barriers to pedestrian and bicycle travel.

The City has obtained grant funding for several key projects, including grant
funding from Santa Clara County of $5.5 million for the Adobe
Creek/Highway 101 Pedestrian/Bike Bridge and the Matadero Creek trail, as
well as $50,000 to fund a critical link in the Bay Trail. Designs are underway
for review by the community and the Planning and Transportation
Commission. Restriping and signage are also underway to enhance bicycle
boulevards, bike lanes and a wide variety of safety measures.

Palo Alto is on track to become one of the premier bike friendly cities in the
nation. The implementation of our bike master plan will greatly enhance the
quality of life in Palo Alto.

San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) Flood
Management Project
In 1998, Palo Alto suffered a terrible flood that caused substantial damage.
In December and January when the rains come as they did this year, every
City Council member, a lot of City staff, and community members live in fear
that the San Francisquito creek will jump its banks and flood the surrounding
areas, particularly the Crescent Park neighborhood. This issue, which has
plagued Palo Alto, is finally being addressed and by the winter of 2015, we
will not have to live in fear of a repeat of a 1998 flooding event. The Creek
Joint Powers Authority’s SF Bay-Highway 101 project will protect East Palo
Alto and Palo Alto east of Highway 101 from 100-year creek over flow
occurring and will provide substantial ecosystem benefits by widening the
channel, building new levees and floodwalls, and opening the channel to the
Palo Alto Baylands north of the creek. Construction should begin this
summer, and will be completed in early 2015, if not sooner. The majority
of construction will occur in 2014, along with the construction of the new
Palo Alto Golf Course and three new athletic fields. By the way, the new golf
course will be fantastic. It will be in the top three public golf courses on the
peninsula and we will also get land for three new playing fields.

At the latest by early 2015, construction of the new Pope-Chaucer and
Newell Road bridges should begin removing channel bottlenecks and
severely reducing the threat of flooding in our neighborhoods. This work
should be completed by November 2015. In short, the threat of winter
flooding that we have lived under so long should for the most part be


                                       8
