                             MINUTES
compatible with the neighborhood. It would be impossible to construct a
sidewalk all the way to El Camino Real.

Mayor Scharff reported the Agenda Item would most likely be continued
once the Public Hearing closed.

Jim Jurkovich questioned why the Project was appropriate for the location
when so many exceptions were proposed. The City's Comprehensive Plan
discussed size and scale of projects in relation to the existing neighborhood.
The Project seemed to completely change the neighborhood concept.

June Chen indicated that the traffic on Maybell Avenue was bumper-to-
bumper. She suggested the site be solely senior housing.

Kathy Eisenhardt suggested the Council obtain a better traffic study. The
barrier on Clemo Avenue would have to be removed. The City Council
created the traffic problem on Arastradero Road and Maybell Avenue. The
site was not close to any facilities for seniors. The single family homes were
not appropriate for the neighborhood.

Joe Rolfe favored the Project. Many senior citizens lived in homes whose
taxes were protected by Proposition 13. If they moved into senior housing,
their houses would be resold at market rate and the City would collect
market rate taxes on the houses.

Alice Smith believed the proposed housing should be restricted to low-
income people. She listed the things she wanted PAHC to provide as part of
the Project.

Stephanie Munoz felt the City Council gave developers gifts of rezoning
property, especially when the projects could have constructed senior
housing.

Art Lieberman urged the Council to delay approval of the Project. The single
family homes were not compatible with the neighborhood, and PAHC would
not agree to redesign them. PAHC was able to renovate an existing complex
to house 100 seniors for the same cost as building a new complex to house
60 seniors.

Aram James welcomed the diversity of senior housing in the neighborhood
and supported the Project.

Jeff Rensch strongly supported the Project, and believed it would not impact
the quality of life in the neighborhood.


                                                                         Page 28 of 33
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/10/13
