          MINUTES
for Golf Course revenue were achieved, then revenue in future years could
be invested in Golf Course facilities. Currently, there was no funding
available for improvement of facilities.       He recalled that the Council
specifically supported locating playing fields on the 10 1/2-acre Land Bank.
He requested Staff clarify the Council's direction for use of that area when it
approved the Golf Course redesign.

Rob De Geus, Assistant Director of Community Services, recalled that the
Council directed Staff and the architect to design the Golf Course to make
room for possible future playing fields.

Council Member Burt requested Staff review the record. He understood the
Council's intention was to construct playing fields. If good arguments for
changing that intention existed, then the Council could revisit its decision.
The Lucy Evans Interpretive Center was a valued community resource, and
its importance had been diminished. He would like it to be a thriving place
again. Perhaps the City could collaborate with the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD). He asked why the dog park at Pardee Park was not
constructed.

Pat Markevitch, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, reported neighbors
expressed an interest in not having a dog park or restroom facilities at that
site.

Council Member Burt could not think of any neighborhood park that had
immediate neighbors who would support a dog park. He suggested Staff
and the PARC create a process to allow Council input with respect to
improvements at parks.

Council Member Berman noted residents were initially concerned regarding a
Field Use Policy. He asked if residents remained concerned since the Field
Use Policy was implemented.

Mr. Lauing stated the Field Use Policy was implemented and used without
problems.

Council Member Berman felt the City benefited from improved used of
existing assets.

Mr. Lauing indicated drafting the Field Use Policy was incredibly complicated.

Council Member Berman asked if the dog park at Nealon Park was located on
a grass or turf field.

                                                                           Page 4 of 20
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/02/13
