                               MINUTES
The P&TC supported a recommendation to include lighting as an element of
the Project. The first option was retaining the existing poles, painting them
to blend with the streetscape, and adding street lights. Replacing and
repairing all underground conduits and adding new conductors would be
major construction. Performing this work as part of the Project would
provide a cost savings of $800,000 over performing the same work after the
Project was complete. The second option, at an estimated cost of $1 million,
was to replace existing poles with decorative poles having a luminaire over
the roadway and over the sidewalk.          If spacing between poles was
decreased, the cost would increase to approximately $1.2 million. The
community was concerned that Option 1 would take away from the
storefront views. Staff recommended Option 2 with the same pole spacing
to effectively illuminate the roadway and sidewalk. The original Project had
an estimated cost of $1.8 million. Staff estimated costs for preliminary
roadway alignments at $700,000, and found a funding source for that
amount. Since the Project was originally proposed, construction costs
increased approximately $300,000, and the VTA grant decreased by
approximately $100,000. Currently, the funding gap was approximately
$500,000.      Lighting was included in the original design contract and
amendment; therefore, there would not be an additional cost for lighting.
Staff would return to the City Council in April 2013 to provide a final
amendment to the RBF contract to allow completion of the design process on
time. Staff contracted with Ghirardelli Construction to find cost savings in
the Project. Staff would provide budget adjustments when they returned to
the Council at award time.         The CIP-Infrastructure Reserve Program
provided for these types of cost impacts or overruns, and could be used to
eliminate the funding gap. Staff wanted to find partnerships with the private
sector to cover the cost of lighting. Staff recommended the Council direct
Staff to include lighting as an element of the California Avenue Transit Hub
Corridor Streetscape Project under the Option 2 design concept with a
maximum budget of $1 million.

James Keene, City Manager reiterated the original phase had a cost of $1.8
million, and the second phase had a cost of $700,000. Inflation estimates
and redesign work contributed to the $542,000 funding shortfall. The CIP-
Infrastructure Reserve Program would have funds available above the
required reserve amount. Depending on the Council's decision regarding
lighting, Staff could provide options for funding lighting.

Terry Shuchat was a vocal opponent of California Avenue improvements. He
encouraged the Council to include lighting as part of the Project.




03-04-2013                                                          112- 360
