                               MINUTES
Committee would be discussing the needs of the homeless population in the
Cubberley area.

Council Member Price learned that the circumstances of homelessness for
each individual were different.       The Policy and Services Committee
thoughtfully discussed resources for the homeless population, and requested
Staff return with further information. Adoption of the proposed Ordinance
was appropriate with the proviso of continued exploration of alternatives.

Council Member Klein emphasized that the Motion was the beginning of
changes in City Policy. Additional steps were needed to ensure Cubberley
did not become a defacto homeless center.       Cubberley experienced a
dramatic increase in the number of homeless people in a short time.
Homelessness was a regional problem and a health and safety problem. The
Council needed to care for the homeless, but not at the expense of other
citizens. The proposed Ordinance was the first step in addressing the
problem.

Vice Mayor Shepherd regretted that a vehicle habitation program did not
result from two years of effort. The City could not solve the homeless
problem alone. She inquired about enforcement of the proposed Ordinance.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, explained that there was a general penalty
section at the beginning of the Municipal Code that applied to violations of
Ordinances. Unless an exception was specifically stated in an operative
provision, the City Attorney had the discretion to charge individuals with
infractions. That type of enforcement action was intended to be a last
resort. The Police Department would utilize referrals and outreach, and
would issue citations if referrals and outreach were not successful.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the fine associated with a citation.

Ms. Stump reported under State law the maximum penalty for a
misdemeanor was a fine of $1,000 and/or six months of jail time. Jail time
was not included for an infraction, and the fine was less.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if existing laws could be used to ban vehicle
habitation.

Ms. Stump indicated there were no existing laws that addressed the types of
conduct that prompted complaints to the Police Department. Existing laws
did address certain types of conduct, and the Police Department could use
those laws to engage with citizens if the conduct was also present.

                                                                          Page 14 of 18
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
