                               MINUTES
Ms. Halpern stated Staff's recommendation was for the Council to adopt a
Public Art Program for Private Development (Program) including adoption of
an Ordinance establishing art requirements and other key provisions.

Ben Miyaji, Public Art Commissioner, urged the Council to adopt the
proposed Ordinance to establish a Public Art Program for Private
Development.        Public art programs enhanced the enjoyment and
understanding of communities. The Ordinance would be a catalyst to bring
together the Urban Design and Planning Departments as well as artists and
citizens in a Public Art Master Planning process. Public art played a powerful
role in shaping the identity and experience of Palo Alto.

Stephanie Munoz felt the proposed Program could be a part of the City's
discussion of Core Values. People of Palo Alto were more enriched and
gratified by natural beauty than by artwork. The Council should consider
Core Values prior to voting on the proposed Program.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) adopt an Ordinance amending the Palo Alto Municipal Code to
add Chapter 16.61 (“Public Art for Private Developments”) for the purpose of
establishing a public art requirement for new commercial and residential
developments at the level of 1% of construction valuation; and 2) direct
Staff to engage the community in a Public Art Master Planning Process, and
return to Council at a later date with a staffing proposal to support enhanced
art programs and services.

Council Member Kniss indicated the Committee discussed the percentage
and reached an agreement. A city reflected its soul by its art. The Program
would be a wonderful addition to the City and a great discussion point.

Council Member Holman was pleased by the comprehensive approach of the
proposal and looked forward to the Public Art Master Planning process.
Community involvement was key to a successful Program and Master Plan.

Council Member Price enthusiastically supported the proposal. The Program
was a tremendous opportunity for residents to express themselves.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the stipend for maintenance of public
art and the means to pay for expenses associated with public art. She
wished to ensure that the Program would continue once it was implemented.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Ordinance allowed a developer, if
he elected to build onsite art, to build art with the 1 percent allocation for
the art itself. The developer was responsible for maintenance; however,
                                                                         Page 9 of 12
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/12/13
