                                 MINUTES
Most of the bill related specifically to the project in Sacramento; however,
attached to the bill were two items with State-wide significance. One
provided an alternative for traffic analysis in the CEQA review process.
Rather than using level of service, the alternative was to consider vehicle
miles traveled. The second change provided alternatives to the full CEQA
process if transit oriented developments met certain criteria within certain
zones.    The courts ordered the State to release 10,000 prisoners by
December 31, 2012. Over the prior three years, the prison population was
reduced by 40,000 inmates.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the total inmate population.

Assemblyman Gordon did not know the total. The State provided additional
incarceration in private prisons and other locations on a temporary basis and
added incentives to allow Counties to work on recidivism and rehabilitation
activities. This package was better than what would have happened with
court intervention only. Proposition 1C provided money for existing and
newly formed housing trust funds. In November 2013, $8 million earmarked
for new housing trust funds would be transferred to the State Department of
Housing and Community Development (HCD) for use in the CalHome
Program. He carried legislation that allowed the money to remain available
for housing trust funds. If the Governor signed the legislation, the Housing
Trust Fund of Santa Clara County would be eligible to apply for additional
money under that bill.

Council Member Burt requested Assemblyman Gordon comment on his
concerns regarding legislation related to the Coastal Commission and
whether the bill would be amended in the next session.

Assemblyman Gordon hoped that there was a reintroduction and
amendment so that he could support it. The proposed legislation lacked due
process. The Commission under the legislation would have had the ability to
impose fines. The due process for those being fined was not sufficiently
clear or well defined and did not provide a level of protection for the rights of
those being fined. He committed to the author of the bill to work with her to
obtain a balance of due process.

Council Member Kniss inquired about challenges facing the Legislature in
2014 and the Legislature's ability to control spending with a more robust
budget.

Assemblyman Gordon noted that during the three years he was in the State
Legislature, expenditures were reduced by $20 billion. The Legislature made
minor adjustments to the budgets of a few health and welfare programs.
                                                                           Page 2 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/16/13
