                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid was mystified by inclusion of the land use. The
$5.40 rental rate was a starting point. He assumed current rental markets
would grow 5 percent or 7 percent per year on average, rather than 2
percent. With only 1,700 parking spaces, the project would be under parked
or the Council would grant an exception of 22-23 percent.

Mr. Paul reported the project was parked at the same level as the existing
building, which was fully occupied.       It was consistent with other
developments he constructed throughout Silicon Valley.

Council Member Schmid explained the ratio of public benefit to private
benefit was approximately 15 percent using square footage. That was a
base number to understand the tradeoff. The Council could not make a
decision without the traffic assessment. The size and scale of the project
would probably preempt other developments. In addition to the traffic
study, the Council should have the California Avenue Area Plan.

Council Member Holman felt the Public Safety Building was a critical project
for the community. The Council was determining the future of communities
one development at a time rather than setting a vision. The traffic study
was the major driver of development at the site. She agreed with comments
made by Council Members Burt and Schmid regarding land cost, and with
Council Member Klein regarding the Developer holding the project. She
inquired whether the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
initiated the project as a PC Zone.

Mr. Aknin replied yes.

Council Member Holman preferred having an independent economic analysis.
She requested Staff provide the project comparisons including height and
acreage. Any PC project should be compatible with the vision of the
Comprehensive Plan. She looked forward to the next step occurring within
the context of the California Avenue Area Plan and transportation model.

Council Member Kniss felt the Council was struggling with balancing the
value of the Public Safety Building with the impacts of the development. It
was difficult to comment on the economic analysis without the traffic study.
The amount of traffic would be onerous.

Mayor Scharff inquired about the traffic impact fee for the Stanford Research
Park.



                                                                       Page 19 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
