          MINUTES
Council Member Price asked if a discussion of PC reform would occur in the
short term.

Mr. Keene would return to that issue in the summation.

Mayor Scharff felt the Council was concerned with quality of life. The Council
made progress during the year regarding parking; however, progress was
small when compared to the magnitude of the problem. He wanted the City
to build a parking garage.      He inquired about the amount of money
contained in the Parking Fund.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director Planning and Community Environment,
indicated the Parking Fund would contain $4-$4.5 million by the end of
2014.

Mayor Scharff believed a parking garage and a Residential Parking Permit
(RPP) Program would provide relief to neighborhoods.         Traffic was a
continuing problem. The best way to solve both the traffic and parking
problems was to reduce car trips through a Traffic Demand Management
(TDM) Program.        The Planning Department was overwhelmed with
initiatives. Updating the Comprehensive Plan while engaging the community
was important. He asked if an updated Comprehensive Plan could be
presented to the Council in two years.

Mr. Keene responded yes.

Mayor Scharff requested the City Manager provide a plan to increase Staff in
the Planning Department. Both the City Manager and Director of Planning
should carefully review Staff Reports for logic and accuracy. Staff Reports
should list advantages and disadvantages in order to provide information to
the Council. The right way to engage the community was through the
Comprehensive Plan. Staff should come back with a plan for doing that.
The City should have a moratorium on processing PC applications until the
community understood PCs and PC Zoning.

Mr. Keene clarified that the Jay Paul Project and the Arrillaga Outreach
Project were removed from the December 2013 Agenda because of a
community design process. The Agendas for meetings on December 9 and
16, 2013 were full. A discussion to frame the issues related to PC Zoning
would inform next steps. Given the Council's comments, Staff would have to
navigate between accuracy and completeness in its reports and
recommendations. The Staff Report was careful not to draw conclusions
with respect to the traffic data. Staff would begin a data and research
initiative to support the Comprehensive Plan process. First Staff would need
                                                                         Page 18 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/02/13
