                 WORKING MINUTES

Mr. Keene assured the Council that Staff would not take comments out of
context. A preamble could define Core Values as enduring Guiding Principles
that the Council could use to guide its decisions.

Council Member Holman stated the Council did not have a definition. The
prior Motion included that.

Mr. Keene clarified that the Motion did not direct Staff to provide a
preamble. In the prior Staff Report, he provided a partial preamble that
addressed Council Member Holman's point.

Council Member Holman understood Staff would present a definition formed
around a purpose statement.

Council Member Berman noted the Staff Report indicated Staff would provide
examples from other cities. He asked if Staff preferred the Council discuss
Core Values when Staff returned with examples or at the current time.

Mr. Keene understood Staff was to provide a preamble, purpose statement,
and definition to clarify the purpose of the exercise. Staff was to provide
examples from other organizations and to define whether the Core Values
expressed the Council's or the community's values. These elements would
explain to the community why the Council was requesting feedback and the
meaning of Core Values. If the Council wished to provide a Motion or
perspectives for Staff, he would be glad to have that information.

Council Member Holman felt Council should support Staff's context for Core
Values.

Mr. Keene agreed.

Council Member Holman recommended Council Members submit suggestions
to Staff.   She hoped Staff would return with that discussion prior to
interviewing the community. The Council Retreat was generally held in
January and Council Members sometimes expressed frustration when the
Retreat was held in February.      She inquired about a rationale for
implementing community outreach in January.

Ms. Keith planned for January because she understood the Retreat would be
held in February. The timeframe for outreach could be moved forward.
Open City Hall could be ready in a short time; however, smart screens and
interviews would require additional time.

                                                                          Page 21 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                        Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
