                       WORKING MINUTES
community was being developed.

Vice Mayor Shepherd mentioned from her view, El Camino Real was a hostile
area for vehicles and unpleasant for pedestrians. She could see a transition
from Palo Alto to Mountain View where there were tall buildings but space
between the sidewalk and the entrance with parking lots circling the
buildings. She asked whether going higher would provide the space and
welcoming design desired. If there were deeper sidewalks and service areas
on the ground floors a higher building may not be as disturbing to the public.

Commissioner Malone-Pritchard noted the addition of height in exchange for
the extended sidewalks was discussed in ARB meetings. There was an
agreement there were some areas of El Camino Real where that was
possible.

Commissioner Lew stated the designs to the buildings could be better and
the ARB had enough influence to require better buildings.

Commissioner Lippert stated there was an opportunity built into the Zoning
Code which allowed higher density; residential could be built to a 6.0 FAR,
commercial to a .40 FAR and it was possible to take both of those types and
combine them into a mixed-use for a total FAR of 1 to1. He mentioned a tool
not yet utilized in Palo Alto called arcading which could provide a number of
aesthetically, architecturally, and functionally pleasing effects.

Commissioner Popp noted the Miki’s site provided the opportunity to be
inviting and see into the building to understand the life of its interior. The
problem arose when the windows were immediately covered and essentially
turned its back to the street. He felt the ARB should be requiring a higher
standard of developers and applicants. He wanted the understanding to be
clear El Camino Real was not a one-size fits all segment of the City. He did
not feel the El Camino Real guidelines were a good tool for the ARB as they
did not provide adequate guidance or the authority to enforce the type of
building the City desired. The guidelines needed to be flexible for different
types and sized lots. In those lots where there was so little room for
flexibility the changes needed to be carefully conducted.

Mayor Scharff stated the ARB Commissioners appeared to be in agreement
of needing a higher standard for developers. The question was why has it
not been done, why has it not been brought forward to the Council for
consideration.

Commissioner Lew mentioned the design for the new hotel on the Palo Alto
Bowl site was different than when it was presented to Council and had
                                                                            Page 5 of 24
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                        Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
