                              MINUTES

Council Member Klein recused himself from items related to Stanford
University as his wife was a faculty member.

Jo Jarus, Supervisor of Social Services at Vista Center for the Blind and
Visually Impaired, was pleased to be a new recipient of HSRAP funding.
Vista Center served primarily senior citizens, and 80 percent were low or
very-low income. She described services provided by Vista Center.

Mayor Scharff closed Council discussion regarding Police, Fire and CIP
Budgets related to Stanford University.

Council Member Price was delighted to see the recommendation for a second
SRO. Ongoing positive relationships between police officers and students
were critical. She appreciated the hard work and continued productivity of
Staff.

Council Member Klein reiterated that the condition of roads was improving.
He recalled that the City's past policy was to provide the same salary
increase to management as SEIU members, and inquired whether Staff
included that amount in the Budget.

Mr. Perez reported the Budget included 2 percent for the unrepresented
management employees.

Council Member Klein asked if including a 2 percent salary increase in the
Budget meant negotiations began at 2 percent.

Mr. Keene did not believe including the increase in the Budget determined
the negotiations.    Staff identified the increase with the intention of
presenting it as an adjustment for the Professional and Management
Compensation Plan if the Council approved it.

Council Member Klein recalled the Council specifically stated salary
adjustments for management employees did not include a 2 percent
increase.

Mr. Keene indicated funding was set aside to implement benchmark changes
for the Professional and Management Compensation Plan; however, funds
were not available for everyone within the class.

Council Member Klein stated only 30-40 people were eligible for the
adjustments.

                                                                        Page 23 of 35
                                                         City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 06/03/13
