                                 MINUTES
Council Member Klein answered yes.

Mr. Keene suggested the time period be 16 months rather than 15 months.

Council Member Klein agreed with the change to 16 months.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER after “Staff to seek regulatory approval for
postponing” add “for a period of up to 16 months” and after “remaining 51
acres of uncapped landfill” delete “until 2014.”

Council Member Klein believed voters wanted 10 acres preserved for an AD
system. The extra costs of the compromise solution were unexpected. The
City had a number of avenues to explore if the regulatory agencies denied
the request for a postponement of capping.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed incremental changes were needed to support
this effort to cap landfills. She also favored not capping the entire landfill if
that was a possibility.

Council Member Burt noted the Finance Committee recently considered a
policy for energy purchase from a potential waste-to-energy facility. The
rate for purchase of electricity from an ECF should be comparable to the
CLEAN Program.

Council Member Holman inquired whether some of the costs to be borne by
the City, as stated in the RFP, could be transferred to the contractor.

Mr. Bobel asked which costs Council Member Holman referred to.

Council Member Holman clarified the costs she questioned earlier in the
discussion.

Mr. Bobel explained those costs would be charged to the project, and the
contractor would add the costs to their costs.         At the current time,
contractors would utilize those costs to compute the tipping fee.

Council Member Holman asked how Staff determined the rental rate per
acre.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff used the appraiser's rate for clean parkland.
Because this land could not be used for light industrial, it was not
appropriate to charge as though it could be used for light industrial.


01-14-2013                                                             112- 189
