                      WORKING MINUTES
MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve the minutes of August 5 and August 8, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Kniss Absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Staff recommended that Agenda Item Number 14 be continued                      to
September 16, 2013.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Members Burt and
Klein to move Agenda Item Number 7 from the Consent Calendar to a date
uncertain.

Jennifer Landesmann preferred the glass cube design for 240 Hamilton
Avenue. The building should address proportion, balance and design. The
ground floor should have increased ceiling heights. Trees or such should be
utilized to reduce glare from the glass.

Robert Moss noted inaccuracies in the Staff Report regarding the 240
Hamilton Avenue project. The project accentuated overflow parking into
neighborhoods. The Council should not approve a project that did not
provide adequate parking. The appearance of the building did not blend with
the area.

Douglas Smith believed the aesthetic design of the proposed building at 240
Hamilton Avenue was incompatible with surrounding buildings.            The
Municipal Code and Comprehensive Plan were not being followed as
intended.

Richard Brand indicated the proposed project at 240 Hamilton Avenue was
deficient with regard to parking. The Council should not allow exemptions
for lack of parking.

Faith Bell felt the scale of the proposed building at 240 Hamilton Avenue
should require more onsite parking. The resulting overflow parking would
impact adjacent neighborhoods and businesses. The Council should consider
underground parking.

Ken Alsman thanked the Council for removing Item Number 7 from the
Consent Calendar.

                                                                       Page 4 of 17
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                           Working Minutes: 9/9/13
