                 WORKING MINUTES
problems. The Stanford Avenue issue was a work in progress. An earlier
discussion proposed diagonal parking spaces with users backing across a
bicycle lane. That proposal was discarded because of safety issues. His
office could be a resource; however, the community should propose
solutions. He recalled the lack of a fence and pathways around the Dish.
Stanford University decided to protect the property by limiting access and
having a single path. Stanford University also decided to close two parking
areas and implement a new site for parking. Parking along the street
adversely impacted neighbors to the Dish. Safety improvements were made
to Stanford Avenue. The Dish was part of a larger trail proposal by the City
and Stanford University. The County could only approve or deny the
proposal. A meeting in Palo Alto could be sponsored by Stanford University,
the City or the County.

Council Member Price requested Supervisor Simitian comment on three
concepts to address homelessness: a motel voucher program to provide
short-term emergency and modified transitional housing; San Mateo
County's focus on additional programs and emergency support for children;
and a meeting with San Mateo, Santa Clara and a few other counties to
highlight two or three effective programs addressing homelessness.

Supervisor Simitian felt the concepts were worthy of review. A homeless
policy was more complicated than the crisis of the moment. He inquired
whether the issue was chronic homelessness or episodic homelessness or
transitional homelessness. The County focused primarily on a housing first
strategy for the chronically homeless. Focusing on the chronically homeless
population caused the County to spend limited resources on a smaller
number of people and to miss the opportunity to assist people on the edge.
A regional effort would assist the homeless population. After the homeless
issue at Cubberley Community Center arose, he worked with County Staff
and homeless leaders to provide $250,000 for housing for the homeless
population dependent upon the City providing services. There was a range
of strategies for a range of populations. The County and the City did not
spend sufficient time and attention on people on the margin.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt Supervisor Simitian's comments indicated more
parking spaces would be removed along Stanford Avenue than was proposed
a year ago. She asked if he could quantify the number of spaces.

Supervisor Simitian understood implementation of parallel spaces resulted in
the loss of additional spaces. He did not know if additional spaces would be
provided six-tenths of a mile away to compensate for the loss of parking
spaces.

                                                                            Page 3 of 24
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                         Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
