                         DRAFT MINUTES
AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff
instead of having a Council Meeting the new Council Members are sworn in
on the first business day of the year.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the concern was having an official nine-
member Council as soon as the year began.

Mayor Scharff felt the pomp and ceremony on the first Monday was a
community transition of power. It would be a shame to lose that tradition
and many of the community. The practical issue was not having all Council
Members sworn in, and the Amendment would take care of that issue. If an
emergency occurred, the City would have sworn Council Members and a full
contingent of Council Members. This was a situation of more perceived risk
than actual risk.

Council Member Berman supported the Amendment and original concern.
The Amendment did not address voting for Mayor and Vice Mayor and the
number of working meetings in January. He did not want to lose the
community meeting of the reorganization. The Amendment was a good
compromise on the issue. He did not believe the Council could require
Council Members to be sworn on January 2.

Council Member Holman indicated the Motion had a conflict in that the first
business day was not always January 2. The Motion also mentioned election
of Mayor and Vice Mayor. The Mayor did not have more authority to take
action than the Council majority did. A standby Council was available for
service. There were a number of questions and issues that required more
vetting.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Klein to refer this Item to the Policy and Services
Committee.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion used the first business day. He
would support the Substitute Motion. The Amendment may be out of order,
because it moved the status quo which was not allowed. The Amendment
was not a compromise, because it was already possible. He was concerned
about any use of the Emergency Standby Council. There could be situations
where both the Mayor and Vice Mayor were leaving office. The Council
needed to protect themselves from that. The people's business was more
important than a nice party.

Council Member Burt recalled as recently as January 1, 2010, both the
Mayor and Vice Mayor were termed out, leaving no Council leadership.
                                                                      Page 24 of 30
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
