                               MINUTES

Cheryl Lilienstein felt the City was committed to the Project and intended to
approve rezoning for the Project. The Council accepted incorrect data for
the Project.

Kevin Hauck believed the rezoning circumstances set a precedent for
developers. PAHC's traffic study ignored pedestrians and bicyclists. Holding
an election would not resolve the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) and tax credit application issues.

Kathy Eisenhardt encouraged the Council to rescind the Ordinance. The two
referenda reflected the tremendous support for existing zoning. Residents
were frustrated with large developments and restricted traffic flow.

Jerry Underdal recalled the lack of public comment regarding the Project at
the February 13, 2013 Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
meeting. The Project would be good for the neighborhood.

Lydia Kou stated the referenda caused both the Ordinance and Resolution to
be suspended. The City's June 26, 2013 letter, prepared two days prior to
the Council's vote to adopt the Ordinance, represented that the Project was
zoned for the intended use.

David Darling reiterated that the traffic study was inaccurate. The Project
was a bad idea.

Joe Rolfe was disappointed by opposition to the Project and requested the
Council place the referenda on a November 2013 ballot.         Alternative
development would generate more traffic, demand more municipal services,
and increase school enrollment.

Diane Rolfe encouraged development of the Project, particularly the senior
housing. The Project would have less impact on schools, traffic, and
pollution.

Suzanne Keene suggested the land remain as a heritage orchard.

Rachel Wright believed the Project was a part of the homeless solution.
Affording housing projects were always opposed by immediate neighbors.
She requested the referenda be placed on a ballot.

Ron Hall applauded the Council for its commitment to affordable housing.
PC Zoning was an excellent tool to retain affordable housing in perpetuity.

                                                                          Page 4 of 9
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/8/13
