                    MINUTES
the Infrastructure Committee would include an accompanying advisory
measure explaining the use of the funds.

Council Member Burt did not believe a pairing of measures was central to
survey questions. He assumed pairing two tax measures would have a
significant impact on support.

Mr. Metz reported the only measure he was confident could withstand being
paired with another measure was the TOT measure. If a ballot contained
both a TOT measure and a second measure, then the TOT measure would
probably be approved.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the survey included any questions
that demonstrated the sensitivity to pairing.

Mr. Metz did not directly ask questions that invited respondents to consider
two measures on a ballot at the same time. The decrease in support once
respondents were aware of other options confirmed that the appeal of one
measure on its own was likely greater than when paired with a second
measure.

Council Member Burt felt the Council was aligned regarding placing two
measures on the same ballot. He suggested the next survey provide details
about pairing measures on one ballot.

Council Member Klein disagreed with Council Member Burt's suggestion as
he was not persuaded that additional surveys were needed.

Council Member Burt was attempting to determine whether other Council
Members were also concerned about the prospect of two measures being
considered on the same ballot.

Council Member Klein stated once the Infrastructure Committee reviewed
the matter, if it was determined two measures were to be placed on the
same ballot he would be open to adding a provision they would immediately
seek Council guidance.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff considered possible impacts of a
1/4 percent sales tax increase on any large sales tax generators.

Mr. Keene reported Staff had not performed any analysis regarding that
issue.


                                                                       Page 22 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/9/13
