                               MINUTES
Mr. Eggleston stated including streets and sidewalks in polling would indicate
public support for further acceleration of the program to reach the 2021
goals for the Pavement Condition Index.

Council Member Burt inquired about the length of the bond.

Mr. Keene reported recent data indicated street conditions were a primary
public concern. Polling could allow the Council to learn whether the public
was aware of improvements underway, and whether accelerating the
program was worthwhile.

Council Member Burt believed questions framed to ask the public's current
impression and impression after being informed would be informative. He
questioned the removal of Byxbee Park from the list, because uncertainty
would be eliminated before polling was completed.

Mr. Eggleston noted Staff raised the uncertainty about the potential
composting facility.    Polling about Byxbee Park could lead to public
confusion, because of the controversy.

Council Member Burt noted several items were included only to gauge public
opinion, and Byxbee Park would be the same. Uncertainty regarding the
composting facility would be eliminated by the time the Council decided
which projects to place on a ballot.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to include Byxbee Park completion in the poll.

Council Member Holman stated no matter what happened with a compost
facility, the remainder of Byxbee Park would need to be completed, and the
City did not have funding for that.

Mr. Keene felt obtaining funding for Byxbee Park was not crucial to moving
forward. The Council could include a number of smaller projects in a bond
measure, simply because the community supported those projects.

Council Member Klein reported the Committee removed Byxbee Park from
the list, because of concern that it would lead to controversy.         The
Committee did not want to bias the survey. The Committee discussed the
number of items to include in a poll, and the pollster indicated the number
did not make a difference.



                                                                        Page 26 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 3/18/13
