                               MINUTES
thirds of Palo Alto youth to have at least 21 developmental assets, and none
would be at risk or have less than 10 developmental assets.

Terry Godfrey enjoyed working with the Community Services Department.
She asked the Council to place youth at the top of the Council Priority list.

Council Member Schmid read the Proclamation for Rachel Samoff into the
record.

Minka Van Der Zwaag, Community Service Manager, noted many studies
indicated early childhood years were critical for later development, and that
quality care environments were essential. Ms. Samoff daily demonstrated
dedication, professionalism, passion, and commitment.            Ms. Samoff
dedicated her career to young children and Palo Alto families. While Ms.
Samoff would retire as Executive Director of the Children's Preschool, she
planned to continue on the City's Advisory Committee for early care and
education to advocate for young children and education and support for
educators.

Rachel Samoff stated working with members of the community had been a
pleasurable and interesting journey. She was pleased to be a member of a
community with a long history of progressive attitudes and action. The City
considered affordable and quality early care and education part of the
infrastructure of a modern city. One of the challenges for early care was
affordable and suitable facilities.   The Council should remember the
importance of facilities at Cubberley. She thanked the Council for the
award. She hoped to continue to serve the community in various capacities.

Council Member Burt read the Proclamation for Robert Steele into the
record.

John Aikin, Community Services Senior Program Manager, reported 24 years
ago Mr. Steele accepted the position of curator at the Junior Museum and
Zoo. The City of Palo Alto was fortunate that Mr. Steele worked with the
Junior Museum and Zoo.

Robert Steele appreciated the honor. The Toys for Kids drive was an
incredible program. The City realized the importance of the program and
would continue it.

Vice Mayor Shepherd read        the   Proclamation   for   the   Environmental
Volunteers into the record.

Daren Anderson, Open Space and Parks Division Manager, noted one of the
                                                                             Page 3 of 18
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/15/13
