                                MINUTES
Council Member Price stated the Silicon Valley Leadership Group was taking a
significant leadership position regarding sea level rise and levee
infrastructure. She inquired whether there were funding sources for those
two issues.

Mr. Young reported the San Francisquito Creek Flood Control Study was the
only project addressing sea level rise on the Bay. Tax-exempt financing was
an effective way to allow public infrastructure to move forward. The Senate
committee recently passed the Water Resources Development Act which
contained an innovative water infrastructure financing component. He was
considering innovative methods for additional infrastructure financing.

Council Member Price suggested coordinating efforts with other cities along
the Bay. She requested comments regarding cyber security.

Mr. Palmer noted the White House issued an Executive Order on cyber
security; however, implementation of the Executive Order was undetermined
at the current time. Most policymakers knew cyber security needed to be
addressed through legislation. Dealing with privacy issues was a major
concern.    More time was needed before legislation for cyber security
matured.

Council Member Price requested clarification of lobbying efforts regarding
MAP21 funding related to pedestrian and bicycle funding.

Mr. Palmer indicated there was an effort to restore funding to MAP21.
Legislation would not be presented to the House and Senate until 2014;
therefore, he was working with coalitions to ensure the legislation remained
a priority issue in the next authorization bill.

Council Member Price assumed the Metropolitan Transportation Commission
(MTC) participated in the effort.

Council Member Berman mentioned the City should compile anecdotes of
how the loss of tax-free status for municipal bonds affected the City.    He
asked who supported removing the tax-free status of municipal bonds.

Mr. Young reported removal of the status was supported as an option to
close tax loopholes in order to raise additional revenue.         Capping or
eliminating the mortgage interest deduction and the deduction for state and
local taxes were also possibilities for inclusion in comprehensive tax reform
legislation.


04/01/2013                                                          112- 445
