                               MINUTES
6.    Resolution 9361 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Establishing Fiscal Year 2013-14 Secured and Unsecured Property
      Tax Levy for the City of Palo Alto’s General Obligation Bond
      Indebtedness (Measure N).”

7.    Resolution 9362 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Submit a Grant Application to,
      and Accept on Behalf of the City of Palo Alto, a Grant of Funds Made
      by the County of Santa Clara for the Purpose of Emergency
      Management, Preparation, and Training.”

8.    Adoption of an Ordinance Adding Chapter 2.06 to Title 2 of the Palo
      Alto Municipal Code to Restrict the Use of the City Seal and Other City
      Logos.

9.    Adoption of an Ordinance Authorizing Electronic Signatures                  on
      Documents Used and Accepted by the City of Palo Alto.

10.   Submittal of Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Bi-Monthly
      Construction Contract Report.

11.   Resolution 9363 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the Filing of an Application for Federal Surface
      Transportation Program (STP) Funding and Committing the Necessary
      Non-Federal Match and Stating the Assurance to Complete the Project
      for Street Resurfacing Project.”

12.   Adoption of a Resolution Allowing the Implementation of a One-Year
      Trial No Overnight Parking (2AM-5AM) Program on Streets within the
      Crescent Park Neighborhood.

13.   Resolution 9364 entitled “Resolution of the City of Palo Alto
      Authorizing the Filing of an Application for the Federal One Bay Area
      Grant (OBAG) Funding for the Adobe Creek/ Highway 101 Bridge
      Project and Committing the Necessary Non-Federal Match and Stating
      the Assurance to Complete the Project.”

14.   Resolution 9365 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the Filing of an Application for Federal Vehicle
      Emissions Reductions Based At Schools (VERBS) Funding for the
      Arastradero Road Schoolscape – Multiuse Trail and Committing the
      Necessary Non-Federal Match and Stating the Assurance to Complete
      the Project.”

                                                                           Page 5 of 18
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
