the world and makes these two streets vibrant corridors that connect our
past with our future within the historical context of preserving the look and
feel of the downtown.

Palo Alto’s historic downtown Post office on Hamilton Avenue is likely to
come up for sale in May or possibly later. Council has asked staff to
evaluate the potential for the City to purchase this historic building in an
effort to retain its public use and historic character.

Retail Protection and Expansion
In thinking about our downtown, increasing and protecting our retail uses
should be paramount. Council has already directed staff to protect and
preserve the existing retail on Emerson Street south of Hamilton Avenue to
better preserve downtown retail and service uses. Unfortunately, due to the
much higher rents that office uses command in the market, owners and
developers have been converting retail uses to office, which deprives the
community of a variety of retail uses. Once retail uses are lost, they are
very hard to get back.

Council has started the process of looking at increasing and protecting the
retail vitality of our downtown by extending the ground floor retail
protections along Emerson to strengthen the downtowns ties to the retail
area of SOFA and Whole Foods. Given the changes in the economic climate
in Palo Alto and Silicon Valley, particularly recent and proposed substantial
increases in downtown office space, the City needs to examine options to
assure active and varied retail uses to support Downtown and our
community. Retail in the Downtown Commercial District outside of the
Ground Floor Retail Overlay should be protected, nourished and encouraged.
Retail corridors should be encouraged and extended where economically
viable. Non-conforming uses within the Downtown Retail District should be
brought into compliance, especially on University Avenue. Furthermore, we
should examine the sites taken out of the Ground Floor Retail Overlay list in
2009 and recommend whether the designation should be extended to these
and/or other properties in the area with the goal of tying the downtown to
the SOFA retail area and/or the Arts and Innovation District should that
come to fruition.

Palo Alto is currently exploring the creation of an Arts and Innovation District
at 27 University Avenue to be anchored by a world class theatre that would
be home to Palo Alto’s theatre company, Theatreworks.

Council has directed staff to work with affected agencies, property interests,
and the community to prepare plan alternatives for an arts and
entertainment district in the context of the look and feel of the existing


                                       4
