                                     MINUTES
Mr. Reich indicated the Council had discretion related to the particulars of
the project.

Mr. Keene stated the Council could alter design elements.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve the draft Record of Land Use Action approving: (1) A Mitigated
Negative Declaration (MND), prepared in accordance with the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the Mitigation Monitoring Report; (2)
The Site and Design Review application for a four story, mixed-use building
(67,506 square feet of new floor area added to an existing 6,616 s.f.
building) having a floor area ratio (FAR) of 1.06:1 on a 1.6 acre site (74,122
s.f. floor area:69,503 s.f. site area) to provide 48 apartment units, including
five Below Market Rate (BMR) units, and office and retail uses, with
structured parking facilities (at surface and underground) providing 216
parking spaces (including 11 puzzle lifts for 196 cars); (3) A Density Bonus
concession permitting increased floor area for both residential and
commercial components of the project in the total amount of 4,619 square
feet; (4) A Conditional Use Permit (CUP) to allow 16,118 sq. ft. of office
space on one parcel where the limit is 5,000 s.f., recommended by the
Planning and Transportation Commission (Commission) on July 10, 2013;
and (5) Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEEs) for five feet of additional
building height and alleviation of the build to line by two and a half feet for a
greater setback, recommended by the Architectural Review Board (ARB) on
August 1, 2013.

Council Member Klein explained the project was not a Planned Community
(PC) Zone. The City had limited discretion with respect to the project. The
applicant was not requesting a change in zoning. Many public speakers
seemed to believe the Council had more power than it actually had. The
Council had to follow State law. The applicant sought three small exceptions
and followed existing zoning requirements.

Council Member Price noted the impact stated in the traffic analysis and the
mitigation stated in the MND. She asked who would be responsible for
implementing the mitigation.

Aaron Aknin, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director,
reported the applicant would be responsible; however, the City and Caltrans
would determine when the intersection was altered.

Council Member Price inquired about funding and timing of the change with
respect to the City's Capital Improvement Program (CIP) projects.


                                                                          Page 16 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    November 18, 2013
