                               MINUTES

Mr. Perez stated $11.8 million for Miscellaneous Employees and $5.7 million
for Public Safety Employees for the 8-year period.

Council Member Klein asked if 1 percent was an accurate amount.

Mr. Perez was comfortable using 1 percent, because it approximately
equated the impact of CalPERS changes.

Council Member Klein inquired about sales figures from Tesla Auto Sales.

Mr. Perez could not speak to specific businesses.        Media information
documented the increase in Tesla sales figures.

Council Member Klein felt the Council needed some amount for the savings
from the third tier for pensions, and requested some amount purely for
discussion.

Mr. Perez suggested the amount in year 3 or 4 could be in the hundreds of
thousands of dollars, and in the outer years the amount could be in the
millions of dollars. The Council could direct Staff to provide a range based
on available information.

James Keene, City Manager, explained Staff wished to obtain some real data
before determining a range for the savings amount. The difficult piece was
determining the increases in future years.

Council Member Klein did not want to make decisions without having some
information for the cost savings amount. He asked when Staff could retain
an actuary and provide the Council with data.

Mr. Perez suggested an actuary could perform the new analysis along with
updating the retiree medical liability. Staff wanted to validate some of the
CalPERS assumptions through the actuary's data for other agencies. Staff
hoped to return to the Council or the Finance Committee in March 2014 with
additional data and the CalPERS Board decision.

Council Member Klein noted the 2 percent salary increase represented
approximately $2 million a year. In the outer years, that $2 million was
almost equal to the projected deficit. He asked why Staff included a 2
percent salary increase when City benefit packages were higher than
comparable communities.


                                                                       Page 9 of 21
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/13/13
