                               MINUTES
Neilson Buchanan stated the TDM program was a positive idea for the City.
He requested proper funding, tracking, and staffing of the effort in order to
accomplish it in a timely manner.

Herb Borock stated the future development of the types of transportation in
the City was important. He did not believe the road network in the region
could satisfy any further growth. It was important the issue being presented
to the public matched the objective for achievement. He felt the future intent
of the TDM needed a link between the program and the amount of
development.

Adina Leven noted Stanford had reduced the amount of parking
development because of their TDM program’s success. When their program
began there was 72 percent of employee’s driving and now, a decade later,
there was 42 percent. She urged Council to engage the consultants to
determine an aggressive and achievable goal.

Omar Chatty asked the Council to recognize the value of a single occupied
vehicle. He mentioned San Francisco had a TDM program and the city was
continuously in a state of gridlock. The High Speed Rail advocates higher
density and more growth while the Supreme Court has upheld growth
control since the early 1970’s.

Stephanie Munoz spoke about Stanford providing housing for their hospital
employees and encouraged the Council to promote that type of TDM. She
requested the Council suggest the County of Santa Clara eliminate a transfer
fee on the bus schedules. She suggested the High Speed Rail train could be
more useful in a TDM program.

Mayor Scharff understood the realization of the parking and traffic issues in
Palo Alto becoming the number one concern for the City. The issues need to
be resolved and the community needed to see there is a comprehensive plan
to accomplish a resolution. The Colleagues Memo was a step in laying out
the vision on how to accomplish the end result; 1) suspend the parking
exemptions, 2) institute a residential parking permit system, and 3) a plan
to build parking garages. He believed items 1 and 2 were in play and would
return to Council soon while building garages would take significantly more
time. Palo Alto was a terrific City and deserved to be highly functional; a
reduction in transportation was necessary.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
direct Staff to develop a comprehensive Transportation Demand
Management (TDM) plan for the California Avenue and University Avenue
Downtown Districts, the Stanford Research Park, and East Meadow Circle,
                                                                        Page 26 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/16/13
