                               MINUTES
Mr. Arp reported the SMaRT Station would accept the contents of black and
green carts. Food scraps could be composted or utilized in the anaerobic
digestion plant when it opened.

Council Member Holman questioned the need for a pilot program to
determine costs.

Mr. Arp stated the percentage of waste removed from the black cart and
placed in the green and blue carts was unknown. The two carts would have
different tipping fees. GreenWaste initially estimated a reduction in garbage
collections, but it did not have an exact amount.

Mr. Bobel explained that vendors had difficulty determining the manpower
costs for separating bagged food waste. Vendors were reluctant to provide
cost estimates until they actually tried the program. Secondly, Staff was
uncertain how many residents in the pilot program would comply and how
well they would comply. At the end of the year-long pilot program, Staff
would be able to determine compliance, which would factor into the cost for
the program.

Council Member Holman expressed concern about compliance with bagging
wastes. She inquired whether the prior single stream versus dual stream
discussion involved a dual compartment cart or two separate carts.

Mr. Bobel stated the City never had dual compartment carts.

Council Member Holman inquired whether a dual compartment cart would
facilitate the separation of wastes.

Mr. Arp noted GreenWaste considered dual compartment carts. However,
the City would have to invest in new trucks and determine how to handle the
different carts. In order to meet zero waste goals, Staff felt segregation by
bags was better than by cart.

Mr. Bobel stated the separation by bags was the only way to have a pilot
program without changing technology.         If the pilot program was
implemented City-wide, Staff would review technology.

Council Member Holman clarified that a cart insert could be used rather than
a dual compartment cart. She asked if Staff considered a more intensive
composting program for the community.

Mr. Arp stated the City offered classes on backyard composting; however,
there was little interest.

01-14-2013                                                          112- 195
