                               MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez estimated 80 cars parked in Crescent Park. One of the
parking lots was closer to the Newell Street Bridge and the other was closer
to Bayshore Road.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff proposed a one-year trial
program because of the impending utilization of the two parking lots.

Mr. Aknin wanted to try the program for one year to determine how it
worked and to develop policies for possible RPP programs for neighborhoods
in Palo Alto.

Council Member Klein inquired about a timeframe for a discussion of an RPP
program.

Mr. Aknin felt Staff could provide an overall policy to the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and the Council in the next few months.
Staff discussed such a program with the Crescent Park and Downtown
neighborhoods.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to adopt a Resolution authorizing Staff to implement a one-year trial
program for No Overnight Parking (2:00 A.M.-5:00 A.M.) within certain
street blocks of the Crescent Park Neighborhood.

Council Member Klein indicated the trial program would provide relief for the
neighborhood and send a message to the property owners of the apartment
complexes. Staff should observe the situation to determine whether the
parking problem moved to another neighborhood.

Council Member Kniss requested Staff comment on the cost of the overnight
parking permit. She noted other neighborhoods continued to suffer from
parking problems. It was important for the City of East Palo Alto to know
that Palo Alto was coping with the parking problem. She inquired whether
the $5 cost of a permit was included in the Motion.

Council Member Klein responded that his intent was for it to be included. He
inquired whether the purchase could be made online.

Mr. Aknin reported $5 was the same cost as a guest permit provided in other
programs. If the Council wanted to lower the cost, then the permit cost
should be sufficiently high to pay for administrative and printing costs. He
would determine whether the City had the capability to sell the permits
online.

                                                                         Page 7 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 8/12/13
