                               MINUTES
Mr. Williams reported probably half the number of spaces if the Council
stopped all planning site approvals.

Council Member Price referenced Packet page 621 regarding elimination or
modification of Downtown parking exemptions. That language seemed to
indicate the study would be limited to the permanent elimination of the 1:1
FAR exemption and the 200 square foot exemption from parking. She
inquired whether the language illustrated one aspect of the study or
indicated the likely items included in the recommendation.

Mr. Williams clarified that the study would include but not limited to those
two choices. Those were the two most obvious exemptions. Staff would
also review the code section that allowed the Director to make parking
reductions based on proximity to transit and mixed use.

Council Member Price asked if the Director had to make findings in order to
make parking reductions.

Mr. Williams responded yes.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to direct Staff to evaluate and implement near-term (1-6 months) downtown
parking improvements, including but not limited to:       e) eliminating or
revising zoning exemptions from parking requirements.

Council Member Kniss stated Staff's explanations allowed her to support
inclusion of item (e).

Council Member Burt asked what the zoning exemptions from parking
requirements were. The Council acted on the moratorium for the 1:1 FAR.

Mr. Williams reported Staff identified at least one other exemption, a 200
square foot exemption on many Downtown projects.            It was applied
regularly, but was not significant because it was only one parking space.
The Council should either severely limit or eliminate its use. Staff would
review the Director's ability to reduce parking based on certain
circumstances.

Council Member Burt inquired whether those two exemptions were listed in
the Staff Report.

Mr. Williams indicated they were not listed under exemptions.


                                                                       Page 20 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
