                               MINUTES
Mr. Bobel was not aware of a salinity problem with the irrigation system at
the Golf Course. Irrigation water at the Golf Course was blended, and was
not delivered at 100 percent of current salinity. Use of blended water was a
common practice for golf courses.

Council Member Klein reported the Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation
Agency (BAWSCA) was performing a study regarding long-term water
supplies for the Bay Area. In 2018, San Francisco was due to reevaluate the
amount of water it was willing to supply to BAWSCA agencies. Palo Alto's
contractual agreements for the amount of water San Francisco provided
could change. The Council needed to study the potential uses of recycled
water. The cost for the EIR was relatively small compared to the essential
need for water. Palo Alto was not a leader in water conservation, because of
its trees and landscaping.

Council Member Price noted Staff's recommendation did not seek additional
funds. The UAC approved the conceptual plans, and it seemed to be
inadvisable to move in a different direction. She inquired whether the City
would need to return funds it had received if the Project was not completed.

Mr. Procos understood the City would not have to return any funds if
environmental review was not completed.           The Federal Bureau of
Reclamation would extend the grant as long as the City was making
progress towards completing the Project. The BAWSCA study explored
water options, and the recycled water project was included in earlier phases
of the study.

Council Member Price felt technical work that continued to emerge in the
environmental process was critical. The issue of water within California was
well known.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to approve a contract with RMC Water and Environment, Inc. (RMC) to
complete the environmental analysis of an expanded recycled water project
to serve the Stanford Research Park for $176,286, plus a contingency of
$17,628, for an amount not to exceed $193,914. Staff also recommends
that Council approve this contract as a “sole source” exemption from the
City’s competitive bidding process under its authority in Palo Alto Municipal
Code Section 2.30.360(d).

Council Member Price concurred with comments in the Staff Report. It was
critical to make progress with the Project.



04/01/2013                                                          112- 441
