                               MINUTES
research firm to use in development of polling questions on a potential ballot
measure to fund infrastructure needs.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1 Klein no, Holman not participating, Kniss Absent

13. (Former Agenda Item Number 10) Policy & Services Committee
Recommendation to Approve Revisions to Section 2.4 of the City Council
Protocols Setting Forth the Conduct of Council Liaisons to Palo Alto Boards
and Commissions.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein said he was one of three Council Members who
attended the National League of Cities Congressional Conference the
previous week. He said he rejoined the Steering Committee on Energy
Environment and Natural Resources. He said the post office sale could move
forward as early as the upcoming spring, but discussions with the post office
team were on-going.

Vice Mayor Shepherd also attended the National League of Cities
Congressional Conference and attended meetings with the Army Corps of
Engineers to review with the California Civil Deputy ways to move the creek
study forward and relieve the flood zone issues. She also reported the
General Obligation Bond tax exemption was still in the Federal Budget. She
also discussed the Amazon Tax and asked Staff to review what affect that
would have on Palo Alto. She discussed a student exchange program with
Yangpu District.

Council Member Berman left meeting at 11:41 P.M.

Council Member Schmid said he was disappointed the City Council did not
see the Downtown Development Cap Request for Proposal prior to release.

Council Member Price announced she attended the Youth Council Retreat the
previous week. She also attended a meeting regarding the Connected City
Program. She said the Valley Transportation Authority Policy Advisory
Committee and Technical Advisory Committee both voted to reject a
connection between participation in the Habitat Conservation Plan as criteria
for One Bay Area Grant funding.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 11:50 P.M.



                                                                        Page 32 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 3/18/13
