                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene explained Staff would review Attachment A and any other
alternative as it related to the directives in the Substitute Motion dealing
with circulation and impact and a cost-benefit analysis.

Council Member Burt noted Attachment A implied that subterranean parking
would be utilized; however, he did not understand that as being Staff's
intention.

Mr. Williams reported the intention was that if the City desired to construct
below-grade floors, then the increment of cost would be borne by the City.
Subterranean parking would not necessarily be utilized just because it was
feasible.

Council Member Burt asked when the Council would consider subterranean
parking if the Council approved Staff's recommendation.

Mr. Keene noted Staff would present information to the Finance Committee,
and the Finance Committee would ask questions regarding value and
subterranean parking.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION:                      Council Member Burt
moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff that the financial analysis would include
additional levels of parking below or a single level above grade.

Council Member Burt felt it would be constructive to review both options.

Mayor Scharff agreed with considering above-grade and below-grade parking
as part of the extended analysis.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the discussion concerned the
Amendment to the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Holman suggested the Amendment had to be discussed
before the Substitute Motion.

Vice Mayor Shepherd supported the Amendment.

Council Member Price inquired about costs to perform the analysis.

Mr. Keene did not believe the directive would be particularly expensive or
difficult to perform.

Council Member Price asked if Staff had the capacity to perform this analysis
in addition to their work plan.

Mr. Keene answered yes; however, the process could be iterative.
                                                                         Page 16 of 33
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/10/13
