                               MINUTES
floor area provision and not the parking provision. The Vacant Space
provision allowed property owners to tear down vacant space and rebuild
without providing parking. The value of the Minor Floor Area Exemption
would equal approximately $60,750, the price of the current in-lieu fee. The
value of the bonus TDR was approximately $600,000. Transfer or use of the
maximum amount was valued at approximately $1.2 million. The Vacant
Space was valued at $500,000 or less. When the moratorium was enacted
for the 1.0 to 1.0 Floor Area Exemption, the Council did not subject projects
with planning entitlements to the moratorium. Projects in the pipeline were
subject to the moratorium. Staff proposed a similar policy in that projects
with planning entitlements would not be subject to the interim ordinance.

Public Hearing opened at 8:53 P.M.

Matthew Harris requested the Council create a blue ribbon task force with
respect to planning and design.

Herb Borock noted in Attachment B the recommended sunset provision
counted the effective date as 31 days from the first reading, rather than 31
days from the second reading. He suggested the correct date be included at
the time of the second reading.

Ken Alsman welcomed the proposed changes. If the Council adopted the
proposed Ordinance, then it needed to take three additional steps. One was
to stop all existing construction projects in the pipeline, because the projects
would add another 200-400 cars in the neighborhoods. Second, the Council
should stop providing full credit in the Assessment District for a 1.0 to 250
ratio. Third, the Council had to stop accepting California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) conclusions of no impact.

Elizabeth Wong indicated the parking shortage needed to be resolved by all
stakeholders with costs shared by property owners in Downtown and
surrounding areas. The proposals would not solve the parking shortage, but
would prevent retailers from coming to Palo Alto.

Dr. Paul Karol stated the parking situation was borderline critical at the
current time. After completion of projects in the pipeline, the parking
situation would become a disaster. He requested the Council gather data
before making any decisions.

Katie Morganroth believed the proposed Ordinance was unfair and one-
sided. Neighbors and developers were working toward a plausible solution.
The proposed Ordinance would result in the loss of square footage for her
commercial project, the breaking of commitments with tenants, and the loss
                                                                          Page 10 of 34
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/21/13
