                        ACTION MINUTES
Council Member Holman announced that she attended the Committee for
Green Foothills 51st anniversary event.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official said that Santa Clara County
was undergoing an expressway study. The study was designed to make
sure the expressway needs of the community would be assessed prior to the
Valley Transportation Authority Plan Update. He served on the Technical
Advisory Board representing Palo Alto and Mayor Scharff represented Palo
Alto on the Advisory Board.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to pull Agenda Item Number 8.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted that the Motion failed due to the lack of a third
Council Member as per Council procedures.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-11.

Council Member Holman registered a No vote on Agenda Item Number 8.

Council Member Schmid registered a No vote on Agenda Item Number 8.

2.   Approval of Agreement with PAHC Housing Services, LLC for
     Administration and Consulting Services for Up to Two Years in an
     Amount Not to Exceed $175,000 Per Year for the Below Market Rate
     Housing Program.

3.   Approval of a Contract with D & D Pipelines, Inc. in the Amount of
     $675,700 for Clara Drive Storm Drain Improvements, Capital
     Improvement Program Project SD 06104.

4.   Approval of a Purchase Order with Priority One Public Safety
     Equipment in the Amount of $287,782.65 for the Purchase of Six Fully-
     Outfitted Police Patrol Cars.

5.   Submittal of Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Bi-Monthly
     Construction Contract Report.

6.   Rejections of Bids for the Administration Building Electrical Systems
     Upgrade Project at Regional Water Quality Control Plant - Capital
     Improvement Program Project WQ-80021.
                                                                             Page 2 of 5
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                         Final Action Minutes: 10/7/13
