                               MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt for Staff to return to Council in early November with a plan for
community outreach to solicit and encourage input from the community on
what they think Palo Alto’s Core Values are with the goal of having a Council
discussion at the 2014 City Council Retreat.

Council Member Berman suggested the Council define Core Values versus
Guiding Principles in order to focus the discussion at the Retreat.

Council Member Burt felt Core Values were intended to be enduring rather
than timeless. Council Priorities were informed by the community, but they
were an action plan for the Council. Core Values should reflect community
values. Discourse among Council Members and with the community was
essential. Utilizing community outreach to develop Core Values would fulfill
the proposed Core Value of civic participation. The proposed Core Values did
not track with the Core Values submitted by Council Members. He was
unsure whether Financial Sustainability and Environmental Sustainability
were subsets of the same Core Value. Council Members proposed youth and
emergency preparedness for Core Values; yet, neither were included in the
list of proposed Core Values. Clearly Council Members and the community
were interested in more than five Core Values.          A broad community
discussion was needed.

Vice Mayor Shepherd agreed that Council Member suggestions could have
been integrated better.      The community was passionate about civic
engagement.       She hoped the Preamble would be visionary.             The
Comprehensive Plan was a vision for the City; however, few read it. The
Council's Priority of Youth Well Being was an indication of the Council's
support for the City's youth. Education was an important aspect of Palo
Alto. She questioned the meaning of quality of life, especially regarding the
community's definition of quality of life. Innovation and Entrepreneurship
should be expanded to include the international technology companies
attracted to Palo Alto. Safe and healthy communities should include thriving
youth. She requested an explanation of how Staff would handle the Motion.

Mr. Keene felt the Core Values, as expressed by the Council, should have
meaning. After receiving community input, the Council would still need to
transform the community's suggestions into Core Values that the Council
could support and express. The Council's adoption of Core Values would
indicate to the community that it could hold the Council accountable for
reflecting the Core Values. The general headings were meant to capture
values without being prescriptive.       Emergency preparedness was
encapsulated under Safe and Health Community. Emergency preparedness
alone begged the question of other public safety issues. With respect to
                                                                          Page 5 of 8
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 9/30/13
