                             MINUTES

Public Hearing closed at 9:07 P.M.

Mayor Scharff tabulated the written protests pursuant to Proposition 218.
There were 20,040 property owners and water customers subject to the rate
increase; therefore, 10,021 protests were needed to create a majority. He
inquired whether the City Clerk received 10,021 protests.

Ms. Grider received 21 protests.

Mayor Scharff stated the total number of protests received was not greater
than 50 percent; therefore, there was not a majority protest. The Motion to
adopt the water rate changes would be made as part of the Ordinance
adopting the Budget for FY 2014.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported that the Political Reform Act required
public officials to refrain from making or participating in governmental
decisions that could impact a source of income to the official. In the Budget
process, traditionally the Council separated Budget Items related to Stanford
University; consequently, the Budget would proceed through discussion in
two phases. Portions of the Budget related to Stanford University would be
discussed first.

Council Member Klein recused himself from participation in Budget items
related to Stanford University because his wife was an employee at
Stanford.

Council Member Schmid recalled there were ongoing discussions with
Stanford related to fire services, and inquired whether those discussions
would affect the FY 2014 Budget.

Mr. Perez answered no. The current agreement with Stanford University
required a 12-month notification to exit the agreement.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the Finance Committee and Staff Recommendations on
the portions of the Police, Fire, and CIP Budgets related to Stanford
University for Fiscal Year 2014 and the related Ordinance portions.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the HSRAP Budget would be $1.2 million in
future years.

                                                                        Page 23 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
