                                  MINUTES
survivors of strokes with therapies in mobility, fitness, adaptive living skills,
and communication skills. REACH was attempting to partner with Avenidas,
the Betty Wright Swim Center, the Cardiac Center, and the Pacific Stroke
Association in constructing a wellness center. REACH's lease at Cubberley
expired at the end of 2014, and it wanted to remain at that site.

4.    Proclamation Supporting May 2013 as Bike Month Including Bike to
      Work Day on May 9, 2013

Council Member Price read the Proclamation into the record.

5.    Acknowledgement       and    Recognition     of   Development         Center
      Improvements

John Barton was pleased to have been appointed as Chair of the
Development Center Advisory Group. In 2007, the average time for permit
approval was 100 days. In 2012, the average time was slightly less than 40
days.    The Development Center began implementation of paperless
permitting for solar arrays, with permitting for charging stations to follow.
In addition, the GIS system was being implemented for public access.
Overall, the Development Center implemented substantive, performance-
based changes.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, added that costs of the Development Center
were paid through fees assessed to users of the Development Center. In
Fiscal Year (FY) 2011, the Council doubled the amount of funding for street
paving, and later increased funding again. With the resurfacing of Palo Alto
between Alma Street and El Camino Real, the street maintenance program
would have repaved almost 17 lane miles of City roads with new asphalt,
and 18 lane miles across the City was treated with a new surface coating.
The City's first transportation survey received approximately 3,700
responses, and Staff would present an information report to the Council.
May 9, 2013 was Bike to Work Day, and the City would host four energizer
stations. New signage was placed along the Bryant Street Bicycle Boulevard
through Downtown. The Public Works Department was launching efforts to
achieve accreditation from the American Public Works Association. The
Smart City Partnership with Yangpu District in Shanghai was providing a
student fellowship program July 1-19, 2013.

Council Member Burt inquired about the amount of funding for street
repaving in FY 2010 and in FY 2013.

                                                                           Page 2 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 5/6/13
