                                   MINUTES
Council Member Klein assumed the justification for granting a CUP was the
proposed amount of office space would be less than the amount that could
be allowed if the four parcels were developed individually.

Ms. Gitelman concurred. The applicant could have developed the parcels
individually and received more office space.

Council Member Klein asked if merging the lots was not required.

Mr. Reich explained the parcels would need to be merged because the
building crossed property lines.

Mr. Keene inquired whether the building could have been designed without
crossing property lines and with greater density.

Mr. Reich indicated a separate project could have been proposed for each
parcel.

Council Member Klein stated four separate buildings would have produced
20,000 square feet of office space; whereas, the proposed building
contained approximately 4,000 square feet less.

Mr. Keene reported the default existing entitlement could provide more
density related to office use and a less appealing design.

Council Member Klein understood under existing rules mechanical facilities
could reach a maximum height of 65 feet. The proposed building reached a
height of 55 feet with portions of the fourth floor reaching 55 feet to match
the height of the mechanical facilities.

Mr. Reich concurred.

Ms. Gitelman explained that if the Council did not grant the exception, the
building would still be 55 feet in height. The exception would allow part of
the occupied area to extend to 55 feet in height.

Council Member Klein believed extending the loft units to 55 feet did not
increase the allowed square footage. If the Council denied the exception,
the applicant could utilize the bonus density to make the building wider.

Mr. Reich concurred.

Mr. Keene asked if the applicant could propose more of a sheer wall façade
along El Camino Real under existing zoning.

Mr. Reich answered yes.

                                                                       Page 13 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 November 18, 2013
