                            MINUTES
Council Member Schmid asked if the General Fund would be responsible for
payments if COPs were issued based on TOT or a Sales Tax revenue and the
revenue stream decreased.

Mr. Saccio answered yes.

Council Member Schmid recalled a statement in the Staff Report that Staff
was not recommending COPs, and inquired whether that statement was
correct.

James Keene, City Manager, did not recall exactly where that statement was.
Precluding COPs as a Staff recommendation had not been part of
conversations for options.

Council Member Schmid felt COPs were not an active part of the current
discussion.   Staff included potential rental income from the LATP site;
however, half the rental amount was paid to the Refuse Fund. He asked if the
amount paid to the Refuse Fund was excluded from the amount quoted.

Mr. Saccio believed the amount was excluded.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether $2-$3 million was the General
Fund's share of rental income.

Mr. Saccio replied yes.

Council Member Schmid referenced two tables for Mello-Roos Districts, one
for Downtown and one for California Avenue. He inquired whether both those
Districts would have to be combined if all three Districts were created.

Mr. Saccio explained that the second Mello-Roos District was Citywide and
would include the first one.

Council Member Schmid asked if separate votes would be needed or if voters
across the City would have the same question.

Mr. Saccio indicated Citywide voters would vote on a Citywide District. A vote
would occur within the boundaries of the District.

Council Member Schmid noted Staff proposed differential rates, and inquired
whether commercial properties in Downtown and California Avenue would pay
a higher rate.


                                                                        Page 9 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/28/13
