                                MINUTES
Aaron Aknin, Planning and Community Environment Interim Director,
reported that the City Manager directed Staff to perform an economic
analysis of the public benefit contained within a proposed Planned
Community (PC) development. The economic analysis attempted to capture
the value of the public benefit provided to the City. The Council's input to
the report would be incorporated into a revised report. The project proposed
construction of two four-story buildings at 395 Page Mill Road in addition to
the existing AOL building. Across the street at 3045 Park Boulevard, the
project proposed construction of a 44,000-square-foot Public Safety Building
in addition to secured parking and parking for the development at 395 Page
Mill Road. The AOL Building contained approximately 219,000 square feet,
which was in excess of the amount allowed under current zoning. The site
was zoned General Manufacturing with a 0.5 floor area ratio (FAR). It was a
large development, especially when compared to historic construction
outside the Stanford Research Park.

Doug Svensson, Applied Development Economics, indicated a number of
cities were looking at the relationship between development and potential
community benefits. Two key parameters in those considerations were
consistent with the PC Zone in Palo Alto. The first was that the community
benefit must be above and beyond any mitigation for direct impacts. In
most programs the development incentive was also above and beyond the
base amount zoning would allow. PC Zoning was an incentive program to
fund community benefits through the development process. This analysis
represented a beginning effort to develop more formal procedures for review
of these kinds of situations. In addition to the analysis, he worked with Staff
to identify best practice models and to develop parameters for creation of a
formal process. The initial step was understanding the proposal. The Jay
Paul Company purchased the AOL site and proposed an intensification of use
and use of an adjacent site. The basic approach to this type of development
was to build the development and operate the office building for a time.
There were some extraordinary development costs for the site as it was a
superfund site. The proposal was to develop the Public Safety Building in
tandem with the office development. The 395 Page Mill Road site was an
existing development; therefore, the land could be considered a sunk cost
and not associated with the proposed development. The Public Safety
Building was a public benefit; however, the City could consider an equivalent
amount for other benefits. The purpose of the discussion was to obtain
Council input regarding the various issues. He expected the two office
buildings to be constructed within an 18-month period with the Public Safety
Building being part of the second year of construction. Some existing
parking would be lost during the construction phase. Costs of construction
ranged from $440 per square foot for the office buildings to $120 per square
foot for the structured parking.
                                                                         Page 10 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/16/13
