                               MINUTES
next actuarial report and immediately increase an agency's annual required
contribution. A positive return would impact contributions sooner.

Council Member Kniss reiterated that elimination of smoothing could
dramatically change the City's budget. Elimination of smoothing would alter
the ability to predict a budget for the following year.

Mr. Perez agreed. The Finance Committee considered options to mitigate
that impact, including a separate reserve and adjusting the current reserve
level.

Council Member Price inquired whether the parts of the Motion would be
performed simultaneously. A base understanding of CalPERS information
was necessary before pursuing legislation and working with employees.

Ms. Shen felt the first action was to confirm with CalPERS how the
interpretation of PEPRA would affect Palo Alto.

Council Member Price believed that understanding would define parameters.
She inquired about the percentage of employees who participated in the 457
Plan.

Ms. Shen stated approximately 61 percent of employees participated.
Employees were encouraged to participate in the 457 Plan through ICMA and
The Hartford.

Mr. Perez added the City did not contribute to the 457 Plan. The Plan was
fully funded by employees.

Ms. Shen corrected her previous statement in that 55 percent of employees
participated in the 457 Plan.

Council Member Price asked if Staff had determined why more employees
were not participating in the 457 Plan.

Mr. Keene did not know. He considered 55 percent participation quite high.
It would be interesting to see if participation increased as the pension tiers
went into effect.

Ms. Shen reported the City's participation rate was twice the national
average.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff periodically examined other
vendors of 457 Plans, and how long the current vendor had been in place.
                                                                        Page 17 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                             Minutes:
