                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether this item would be appropriate for
consideration of a threshold for implementing TDM monitoring.

Mr. Williams replied yes, because TDM monitoring was connected to the
section regarding reductions in parking.

Council Member Holman suggested adding monitoring and enforcing TDM
programs for existing projects.

Mr. Williams did not know if Staff had the authority to require monitoring of
existing projects.

Council Member Holman recalled Staff could impose a TDM program if a
property owner applied for another permit for the same property.

Mr. Williams reported evaluating thresholds for TDM monitoring and
enforcement would require more time and effort and could delay analysis of
programs.

Council Member Holman requested Staff include analysis of transit-oriented
developments (TOD) and mixed use.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether that would make the analysis too
difficult for Staff to perform in the short time allotted.

Mr. Williams suggested "revising zoning exemptions            from     parking
requirements and Director-approved parking adjustments."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add after parking requirements: “and evaluate
Director approved parking adjustments.”

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the zoning evaluation statement
included analysis of the Emergency Parking Ordinance and adjustments
resulting from the Development Cap Study.

Mr. Williams reported it did not. The proposed projects were short-term and
should be completed prior to completion of the Development Cap Study.

Council Member Schmid asked how Staff's evaluation would relate to the
Emergency Parking Ordinance.



                                                                       Page 21 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
