                       WORKING MINUTES

Fire Chief Eric Nickel thanked the Council for purchasing the AEDs. They
would save lives. The AED program engaged many community members.
Once AEDs were deployed in patrol cars, more would be deployed into the
community. The Fire Department would train City Staff on use and create a
campaign to engage youth to identify defibrillators in the community. As
part of the new dispatch system, a smart phone application would be
available to notify individuals that use of an AED was needed.

Council Member Kniss recognized Racing Hearts for working to place AEDs in
schools. AEDs saved lives.

Council Member Price noted AEDs would be installed at several schools.

7.   Appointment to the Architectural Review Board for One Unexpired
     Term Ending on September 30, 2015.

First Round of voting for the Architectural Review Board for One Unexpired
Term Ending on September 30, 2015 (Resignation of Alizadeh):

Voting For Peter Baltay:     Klein, Scharff

Voting For Robert Gooyer:    Burt, Holman, Kniss, Price, Schmid

Voting For Kyu Kim:          Shepherd

Donna Grider, City Clerk, announced that Robert Gooyer with five votes was
selected to serve an unexpired term ending on September 30, 2015.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to refer Agenda Item Number 17 “Adoption of Ordinance for a New
Chapter 18.15 (Residential Density Bonus) to Include in Title 18 of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code to Implement Government Code Section 65915” to the
Regional Housing Mandate Committee. Furthermore, to continue Agenda
Item Number 14 “Approval of Continuation of Council Consideration of an
Appeal of a Director's Approval of a Major Architectural Review Board
Application for a Four-Story, 50 foot, Mixed Use Building Located at 240-248
Hamilton Avenue, With a New Floor Area of 15,000 Square Feet Until
September 9, 2013.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the Agenda Items 14 and 17 codified State law.
She hoped the Regional Housing Mandate Committee could act quickly.
                                                                           Page 8 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
