                                MINUTES
Council Member Kniss left the Council meeting at 10:00 P.M.

19.   Approval of Pilot Residential Compostables Collection Program and
      Adjustment to Refuse Collection Frequency.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Environmental Services reported the pilot
program would apply to only one truck route or approximately 1/30 of the
City. Key points were to decrease the amount of waste being sent to
landfills, collect residential food scraps separately, and minimize program
costs. The goals were to remove food scraps from garbage and landfills, and
to reduce costs of the refuse program. Palo Alto would be the first city to try
this concept; although, the concept had been discussed in other locations.
The pilot program would simplify sorting for residents, because they would
have two carts rather than three. The number of garbage truck trips would
be reduced to zero in the pilot area.

Ron Arp, Manager Solid Waste explained the current waste cycle from pickup
at residences to disposal at local facilities. Under the pilot program, all
compostable materials would be collected in the green cart, and all other
materials would be collected in the blue cart. Both carts would be collected
weekly.     The blue cart would collect recyclables, inert garbage, and
bathroom and pet wastes. The green cart would collect yard trimmings,
food scraps, and food soil paper. The last Waste Characterization Study
indicated one quarter of black cart contents was truly garbage.          The
remaining portion was compostable or recyclable waste. The pilot program
was chosen for its simplicity and convenience. The Finance Committee (FC)
and the majority of residents supported the pilot program. The two cart
system could offer some cost savings through elimination of separate
garbage collection. The pilot route would consist of approximately 700
single family homes, which would be selected based on technical criteria. An
outreach plan included a mailed notice to residents on the route, two
meetings in March 2013, communication through newsletters, emails,
neighborhood associations and Zero Waste block leaders, and distribution of
a tool kit. Evaluation criteria would include cost, convenience, diversion
rate, material quality, and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.          If
approved, Staff would select the pilot area in late January 2013, conduct
outreach meetings in February and March 2013, and begin the program in
early April 2013 for a period of 12 months. Staff would conduct periodic
surveys, audits, and assessments to adjust the program as needed. If
significant problems occurred, then Staff would report to the Council. In
mid-2014, Staff would present the Council with a report of results along with
a recommendation to implement or not implement a City-wide program.



01-14-2013                                                           112- 193
