                               MINUTES
visit the Opportunity Center to learn about ways InnVision could assist with
homeless solutions.


Palo Alto Free Press stated the City's Police Information Officers refused to
communicate with the Palo Alto Free Press. He possessed a tape recording
of the City Attorney directing Police Information Officers not to communicate
or grant interviews with Palo Alto Free Press, which was a violation of the
Palo Alto Free Press' First Amendment rights.

Stephanie Munoz disagreed with Council Member Kniss' opinion that private
companies could outbid Palo Alto for the Post Office Building. The City
should not give the Post Office Building to the Federal Government to sell to
the highest bidder.    The City could simply refrain from rezoning the
property.

Wynn Grcich indicated natural gas contaminated water sources and
contained radiation. Workers in fracking operations were suffering from
cancer, brain damage, and dying.

Art Liberman recalled on June 4, 2012, the Council approved a Motion
regarding CPI's plating shop operations. The Council was to receive a status
update prior to the six-month completion date. Staff was working on the
study, but it was far from complete.

Mayor Scharff requested Staff comment.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported Staff was close to finalizing a meeting
in June to begin the process with the consultant, CPI and neighbor
stakeholders.

James Keene, City Manager, noted Staff had difficulty engaging a consultant
who was willing to perform the requested analysis.

Mike Francois defined hydraulic fracturing, and listed the counties in
California where fracking occurred. The Glass Stegall Act would benefit
California.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve the minutes of April 8 and 15, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
                                                                           Page 13 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
