                       WORKING MINUTES
Penny Ellson encouraged the Council to approve Agenda Item Number 10.
The situation at Cubberley was improving; however, there was a recent
citation for public intoxication at 11:00 A.M. Personal belongings were still
located throughout the campus. She thanked City Staff for their work on the
maps for the Safe Routes to School Program.

Neilson Buchanan hoped the Council would consider the parking impact from
the proposed project at 240 Hamilton Avenue.

Herb Borock requested the Council accurately reflect the flow of funds for
Measure D. Money from the Residential Housing In-Lieu Fund should fund
the ballot measure. If the Residential Housing In-Lieu Fund had insufficient
funds, then the General Fund should loan funds to the Residential Housing
Fund.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-6 and 8-13.

Council Member Holman registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 10.

4.   Approval of Three Contracts with: 1) Navigant Consulting Inc. for
     Electric Regulatory and Technical Consulting Services for a Total
     Amount Not to Exceed $117,500 Over Three Years; 2) Flynn Resources
     Consulting Inc. for Electric Regulatory and Technical Consulting
     Services for a Total Amount Not to Exceed $225,000 Over Three
     Years; and 3) Navigant Consulting Inc. for Gas Regulatory and
     Technical Consulting Services for a Total Amount Not to Exceed
     $225,000 Over Three Years.

5.   Approval to Increase the Existing Sole Source Purchase Authority with
     National Meter and Automation, Inc. in the Amount of $150,000 a Year
     for Two Years for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $900,000 to
     Purchase    Additional  Meters     for   the  Large   Water    Meter
     Replacement/Repair Project.

6.   Approval to Utilize the Renewal of The Western State Contracting
     Alliance (WSCA) Contract for Wireless and Cellular Services with
     Verizon Wireless.

7.   Council Review of an Appeal of the Director's Architectural Review
     Approval of a 15,000 square foot, Four-story, 50 foot, Mixed Use
     Building in the CD-C-GF-P Zone District located at 240 Hamilton
     Avenue and a Mitigated Negative Declaration.

                                                                         Page 5 of 17
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Working Minutes: 9/9/13
