                         DRAFT MINUTES

Ms. Shen indicated Staff's approach was to compile options under the
current CalPERS rules. Theoretically, the City could exit CalPERS health and
purchase insurance on the market.

Council Member Klein stated the Report persuaded him of the impracticality
of that option.

Ms. Shen reported Staff wished to have Wells Fargo advise them so they
could return to the Council with options. Other cities in the Bay Area had
crafted solutions.

Mr. Keene noted one recommendation for review was having different types
of plans available through CalPERS. The major thrust of managing costs in
relation to the benefit levels the City wished to provide was review of
employee and employer share of costs and how the City funded that. The
City had more flexibility to negotiate with employee groups and with regard
to a potential change in benefits and pay. Examples from other jurisdictions
in the area would demonstrate the number of strategies available to the
City.

Council Member Klein requested a preview of those options.

Ms. Salazar proposed a transition to a defined contribution model, which
would enable the City to plan and forecast expenses for healthcare. Also,
the employee population could select the plans that met their benefit needs.
From a retiree healthcare standpoint, she recommended the City reconsider
its current retiree healthcare offering. Various alternatives could follow a
defined contribution model where the employee would receive a benefit, and
that benefit would increase based on the years of service with the City of
Palo Alto. There were various ways of achieving those recommendations. A
defined contribution was preferred as it was tangible and easier to account
and plan for.

Council Member Klein asked how much of the City's total insurance coverage
bill was for family coverage, versus the employee only.

Mr. Keene clarified that Council Member Klein meant not the per family cost,
but the share of the City's total expenditure for individual coverage versus
family coverage.

Council Member Klein stated Ms. Shen said this was something good for
potential employees.

                                                                       Page 10 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
