                               MINUTES
Mayor Scharff inquired whether purchasing TDRs over 5,000 square feet
would allow the developer to build a bigger building.

Mr. Williams replied yes, but the developer would have to park the space.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Staff would review deleting the parking
component or parking solely with TDRs.

Mr. Williams reported Staff would review both.

Mayor Scharff believed allowing the square footage but with no parking
would be an incentive.

Mr. Williams noted the incentive would not be as great.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Holman not participating

Vice Mayor Shepherd recused herself from discussion of items (e) and (f) at
9:45 P.M., because she had an interest in real property at 550 Hamilton
Avenue, which was within 500 feet of the eastern edge of the Commercial
Downtown District.

Mayor Scharff recused himself from discussion of items (e) and (f) at 9:45
P.M., because he had an interest in real property at 616 University Avenue,
which was within 500 feet of the eastern edge of the Commercial Downtown
District.

Mr. Keene recused himself from discussion of items (e) and (f) at 9:45 P.M.,
because he had an interest in real property, which was within 500 feet of the
eastern edge of the Commercial Downtown District.

Council Member Holman returned at 9:45 P.M.

Council Member Klein recalled Staff estimated 665 new unparked vehicles
would be generated from approved but not occupied projects. He asked if
Staff had any ideas how the Council could not add to those unparked spaces.

Mr. Williams had no ideas for approved projects. The only method not to
add more unparked spaces would be to adopt a moratorium for projects not
approved. A moratorium would require eight votes of the Council.

Council Member Klein requested the number of unparked spaces generated
by projects not approved.

                                                                       Page 19 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
