          MINUTES
Fred Balin remarked that individual projects recast the Comprehensive Plan.
The current Comprehensive Plan was a good document and the result of
wide community engagement; however, it was not respected.

Shani Kleinhaus noted all cities in Silicon Valley struggled with traffic and
parking problems. The City was slowly chipping away the open space, which
was a vital treasure.

Greg Goodwin related his experience with traffic and parking in San
Francisco. Rapacious decisions could destroy the quality of the City.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, noted the use of electronic media in other
cities to include a wider population in community discussions. In coming
transportation discussions, the Council should consider initiatives
comprehensively and iteratively.

Daniel Garber indicated the City should find ways to take advantage of
growth to move forward the City's interests. Each project in the pipeline
was an opportunity to work with applicants to move the City closer to its
own goals. Involving the City earlier in the applicant's design process would
be more effective than enacting legislation. Creating incentives to meet
current parking demand was potentially a far more effective method to
manage a project's size and impacts.

Arthur Keller suggested the Council think proactively and consider changing
past policies to reflect current needs. In addition, the Council should
consider new and creative solutions.

Davina Brown stated commercial development increased parking, traffic, and
pollution problems while providing few benefits. She requested the Council
stop granting exceptions to the Comprehensive Plan.

Norman Beamer reported the City did not need more office space.                The
Council should halt efforts to build more office space in Palo Alto.

Joe Hirsch believed residents did not like project approvals granted by the
Council and its bodies. He requested a moratorium on all new higher-
density developments until a Land Use and Transportation Study was
completed. He requested the Council revise the Density Bonus Ordinance to
grant the City more control and hold a true, two-way dialog with residents.

David Jeong participated in two prior revisions of the Comprehensive Plan.
The Council ignored the Comprehensive Plan and citizens' wishes.

                                                                        Page 13 of 20
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/02/13
