                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene stated the Council could increase the rental amount, and then
contractors could charge it back to the City.

Council Member Holman indicated those costs would affect the costs to the
City. The public voted to undedicate 10 acres of parkland for an AD facility.
The public did not vote to delay access to 51 acres. She opposed the
Motion.

Mr. Keene noted Staff's recommendation included a concurrent award of a
construction contract for a capping option. The Motion did not include that
component. The Council had to consider the implications of regulatory
agencies denying the City's request and implications to the timeframe for
construction. Staff wanted to come to the Council earlier than April 2014
with the award of a construction contract in order to meet the construction
season.

Mr. Bobel reported the City would not be in regulatory compliance if the
Council deleted the provision for Staff to proceed with a construction
contract and the regulatory agencies did not grant an extension in 2013.
Regulatory compliance was the reason for Staff's recommendation of parallel
tracks for an extension and a construction contract for capping.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Staff suggested the Motion be amended.

Mr. Bobel suggested the Motion contain language similar to Staff's
recommendation in order to maintain regulatory compliance. The Motion
could include language of directing Staff to procure a construction contract
to construct a cap in 2013. The Council would have three alternatives: do
not follow through on the contract, cap the smaller acreage, or cap the
larger acreage. That language could be included without precluding any of
the options.

Council Member Price assumed that, once Staff had a decision from
regulatory agencies, Staff would return to the Council for further discussion.
She made comments earlier about the implications to the overall schedule.
The original intent of the Motion was to assume a positive outcome.

Mr. Bobel explained the Motion introduced the possibility of a period of
months where the City would be out of compliance.

Council Member Price inquired whether the Motion needed to include the
back-up position.



01-14-2013                                                          112- 190
