                            MINUTES
those options in a third survey focused on concrete concepts. With each
successive step, the ability to project support would become more reliable.
The process was well suited to provide reliable information.

Council Member Kniss asked if the next step would be to conduct a poll in the
next week or so, assuming the Council approved the item.

Ms. Tucker replied yes. The poll would be conducted in early November 2013.

Council Member Kniss found it helpful to know that the information would be
segmented.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested colleagues comment, during the comment
period of discussion, on the digital reader board and the automobile
dealership at the Municipal Service Center to inform her thinking in
Committee discussions.

Council Member Berman inquired whether a Mello-Roos District could be
utilized to fund a Traffic Demand Management (TDM) Program, for example.

Mr. Saccio answered yes.      A Mello-Roos District could be utilized for
operational and capital expenses; it simply increased the amount of funds
needed.

Council Member Berman asked if a majority or two-thirds vote was needed to
increase the Sales Tax.

Mr. Keene reported the majority needed was dependent upon whether the
funds were earmarked for a specific use.

Council Member Berman asked if future polls would inquire about the motives
for respondents' support or lack of support for a topic.

Mr. Metz responded yes. The survey had a provision to do exactly that. For
each ballot measure tested, he would rotate the order in which measures
were presented to the respondents. Whichever topic the respondent heard
first, the survey would follow up the initial vote preference with a question
asking why. For each of the five funding mechanisms, he would be able to
tell the Council in the voters' own words why they supported or opposed the
mechanism.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the survey could determine which
project within a bond bundle caused respondents to oppose the bundle.

                                                                      Page 16 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/28/13
