                                 MINUTES
Council Member Klein did not understand the furor as the impact appeared
to be at most $60,000 to two or three projects. He asked if the changes had
been explained to everybody.

Mr. Aknin remarked that adding $60,000 in a pro forma was a major concern
for developers. A second issue was likely related to the FAR itself. The
Council could determine that the bonus would remain for FAR but not for
parking. In that case, developers would lose 200 square feet.

Council Member Klein had difficulty understanding the majority of the
applicants' concerns. He assumed each and every applicant met with Staff.

Mr. Aknin talked to a handful of people who provided comments.

Council Member Klein inquired whether pipeline projects were being treated
consistent with past Council actions.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported in 2012 the Council faced a
considerable pipeline issue when it suspended use of the 1.0 to 1.0
exemption. In that case, the actions were consistent with proposed actions
for this item. Legally, the vested right applied only once a building permit
was pulled and substantial work performed under the building permit. None
of the projects in either Table 5 or Table 6 were at that point. Staff
proposed projects in Table 5 proceed with no change. The remaining
projects had submitted applications but had not received final planning
entitlement.

Council Member Klein recalled that in 2012 the Council applied a different
standard for pipeline projects than in previous years.

Ms. Stump understood that actions taken a year ago were a change from the
traditional approach.

Council Member Klein inquired about the impact to projects contained in
Table 6 if the pre-2012 pipeline policy was applied to them.

Cara Silver,   Senior Assistant City Attorney, indicated that in the seven to
eight years    prior to 2012, the Council exempted projects that filed an
application.   All projects in Table 6 had formally filed an application, but had
not received   planning entitlement approval.

Council Member Klein asked if other projects could be included in Table 6
under the old standard.

                                                                           Page 15 of 34
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 10/21/13
