                               MINUTES
Neighbors Abroad and other community members who supported the
partnership. The idea was to build a structure for a fruitful exchange and to
measure outcomes. If approved, the Mayor and Council Members would
sign the agreement in October 2013 in Germany. Staff recommended the
Council discuss the Bay Area Council's invitation to participate in the U.S.-
China Symposium in October 2013 in Shanghai, China. The conference
aligned with the City's current exploratory agreement with the Yangpu
District in Shanghai. Staff could work with Stanford University to explore
creation of a Local Government Innovations and Entrepreneurship Fellowship
in the City Manager's office.       That position could be mirrored at the
University of Aalto in the City of Espoo, Finland. Staff could return to the
Council in early 2014 with any plans for a fellowship. Staff requested
Council direction to work with Neighbors Abroad to determine whether
current sister cities were interested in a new relationship.

Robert Moss felt the potential agreement with Yangpu                 regarding
technological and scientific information could be a problem.

Bing Wei, Bay Area Council, stated the agreement was designed to provide a
broad structure for partnership.     She supported the City signing an
agreement with the City of Heidelberg.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked why Heidelberg would be considered a test case
when the Yangpu agreement was in place.

Mr. Fehrenbach indicated the cultural and business differences between the
US and China allowed for the building of cultural understanding. Because
the City had worked with Heidelberg over the past few years, the
relationship was more tangible.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:    1) authorize the Mayor to execute the attached “Smart Cities
Partnership Agreement” (Attachment 5) with the City of Heidelberg,
Germany at a ceremony to be held in October 2013; 2) discuss the Bay Area
Council’s invitation to the Mayor and/or other Council Members to represent
the Council in the US-China Collaboration Symposium in October 2013, with
special focus on the Smart Cities Conference in Yangpu, Shanghai; 3) direct
Staff to work with Stanford University to explore the creation of a
Government Innovations and Entrepreneurship Fellowship; and 4) direct
staff to work in collaboration with Neighbors Abroad and other community
volunteers to explore the addition of the “Smart City” concepts to existing
Sister Cities who might be interested.


                                                                        Page 16 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 8/12/13
