                                MINUTES
Council Member Schmid did not believe the Council discussed the value of a
public benefit. In this case, the Council was confronted with a need for the
rebuilding of a store in a historical setting that had value to the community.
The Council determined the public benefit was the store and the two historic
buildings rehabilitated. The PC presented a private value for the ten houses
of $1.3 million to $1.4 million. He felt the store had a public benefit value of
a couple hundred thousand dollars, as did the historic buildings.            He
supported the incentive of building the grocery store. Staff working on the
process should explicitly articulate the public benefit and the process for
calculating the public benefit.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted Staff's recommendation was to prohibit
construction of Building 1 and housing until the SEIR and PC amendment
process was complete, and asked what could be gained by postponing the
construction of Building 1.

Mr. Williams reported the gain would be an analysis of what could be done
with Building 1 to replicate the building with historic accuracy. That would
be the result of the SEIR.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the design would be the same
whether construction continued or was delayed.

Mr. Williams explained the design would be the original proposal; however,
the original proposal included elements from the other building. The EIR
process would determine actions needed to make the building look more as
it originally looked.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to: 1) proceed with preparation of a Supplemental Environmental Impact
Report (SEIR) to address Building #1 historic resources issues (at the
Applicant’s expense); 2) return to Council with the SEIR and an amendment
to the PC zoning (including modification to the proposed “public benefits”)
following review by the Historic Resources Board and Planning and
Transportation Commission; 3) prohibit any construction of Building #1 until
the SEIR is completed and an amendment to the approved Planned
Community (PC) zone is considered by the Council; 4) allow continued
development of the grocery store (Building #3) as the remainder of the
project moves forward; 5) allow the rehabilitation of Building #2 to
commence subject to a City designated historic peer review and on-site
monitor; 6) allow offsite improvements to proceed, including offsite traffic
improvements;



03-04-2013                                                            112- 353
