                               MINUTES

Council Member Holman wanted the document to be clearer.

Council Member Schmid noted funding for important City services declined
approximately 42 percent from 2008 to the present.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

18.   Adoption of a Resolution 9334 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Authorizing the Issuance and Sale of General
      Obligation Bonds Series 2013A For Measure N Projects in the Principal
      Amount of $20,695,000, Authorizing and Directing the Execution of a
      Paying Agent Agreement, and Certain Other Related Documents, and
      Authorizing Official Actions Related Thereto,”

Joe Saccio, Assistant Director Administrative Services, reported Staff sought
a Resolution authorizing Staff to proceed with a second series of General
Obligation (GO) Bonds in the amount of approximately $20.7 million
primarily for renovation of the Main Library. The ratings presentation to
Moody's and Standard Poor's went well. Staff anticipated having proceeds
from the Bond sale in time for construction.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether residents of Palo Alto would have the
opportunity to purchase bonds.

Mr. Saccio answered no, because offering GO Bonds to the community was
problematic.

James Keene, City Manager, recalled the City previously had a private
negotiated sale that allowed residents to purchase bonds.

Herb Borock noted packet page 557 listed Stanford University as one of the
largest employers in the City of Palo Alto; however, it was not located in the
City of Palo Alto. He believed total employment figures erroneously included
Stanford University campus employment as part of the City.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to; 1)
authorize Staff to issue and sell General Obligation Bonds (Election of 2008,
Series 2013A) for Measure N Projects in an amount of $20,695,000 to
finance City library capital improvements, and 2) approve Paying Agent
Agreement, Official Notice of Sale, Preliminary Official Statement; and
authorize official actions related thereto.


                                                                        Page 17 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/6/13
