                              MINUTES

Mr. Aknin recommended the cost of the overnight permit be decreased to $1
or $2.

Mayor Scharff preferred Staff draft criteria and place the item on the
Consent Calendar. If three Council Members objected to the item, then they
could remove it from the Consent Calendar. The Council wanted the
program to work for the neighborhood.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the residential parking permits shall not
exceed $5 a night and if possible may be purchased online from the City.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

4.   Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Chapter 9.14 (Smoking
     Regulations) of the Municipal Code to Either Ban Smoking in all City
     Parks, or Ban Smoking in City Parks Except the Municipal Golf Course
     and a Designated Area at Mitchell, Greer and Rinconada parks;
     Increase No-Smoking Buffer Zones; and Make Findings.

Gregory Betts, Director of Community Services, reported merchants of
Downtown requested Staff consider a smoking ban in Downtown Plaza,
Cogswell Plaza, and a small park off California Avenue. Staff presented the
matter to the Policy and Services Committee on March 19, 2013. The Policy
and Services Committee requested Staff present the Council with a draft
Ordinance for parks under 5 acres. Upon presentation to the Council,
Council Members supported a smoking ban for all parks and open space
areas in Palo Alto.    Vice Mayor Shepherd moved that the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC) consider exemptions for larger City parks.
On May 28, 2013, PARC recommended that the Ordinance apply to all open
space areas, and future non-smoking areas could be designated in high-
traffic areas of the Golf Course. PARC also recommended that smoking
areas in Rinconada, Greer, and Mitchell parks be considered. Staff provided
two options, both of which banned smoking in open-space areas and
increased no-smoking zones around buildings from 20 feet to 25 feet.
Alternative A banned smoking at all parks and open space areas.

Joel R. Betts supported Alternative B. The opposing interests of smokers
and non-smokers should be studied further. Banning smoking in open space
areas was sensible, because of the fire hazard.



                                                                       Page 13 of 22
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 8/12/13
