                                 MINUTES
The crime rate had increased slightly over the past couple of years, because
of fewer police officers in the county. Palo Alto had an outstanding Police
Department, beginning with Chief Burns. He shared a story of the Palo Alto
Police Department finding a stolen iPhone in San Jose, leading to the
discovery of other stolen electronic devices and 750 pounds of
methamphetamine. He and other District Attorneys were working to have
makers of electronic devices install kill switches in case of theft. The District
Attorney's Office and the Palo Alto Police Department held a gun buy-back
program a few months previously. He highlighted community programs
provided by the District Attorney's Office. He hoped the District Attorney's
Office created a culture of excellence.

170.6 was accused of untrue allegations in 2003. He remained accused of
those crimes because a statute of limitations did not apply to the matter;
however, the Police Department did not attempt to resolve the case.

Lois Salo inquired about Mr. Rosen's stand on the unconstitutional ban.

Tony Ciampi questioned the District Attorney's actions regarding the crime
lab's analysis of evidence submitted by the Palo Alto Police Department.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer, announced the Palo Alto Airport
Association would host the Annual Airport Day on September 29, 2013.
Approximately 3,000 people participated in the 29th Annual Palo Alto Weekly
Moon Run and Walk on September 20, 2013. The Children's Theatre was
named the best place for live entertainment in 2013 in a readers' poll
performed by the Palo Alto Weekly. The Palo Alto Art Center would hold the
Great Glass Pumpkin Patch September 24-29, 2013. The Bibliophilia exhibit
continued at the Palo Alto Art Center. Owl-shaped bollards were installed at
the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Herb Borock stated the Council should appointment an Acting City Manager
when both the City Manager and the Assistant City Manager were absent.
The Agenda description for the Council Appointed Officers Committee was
deficient with respect to Brown Act requirements. Under the Brown Act, the
Committee was a legislative body; therefore, negotiations should be held in
public. There was a precedent for public negotiations.



                                                                           Page 2 of 13
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/23/13
