                   MINUTES
on the campus when there was no method to ensure the vehicles were in
good operating order.

Council Member Price agreed that mobility throughout the region was a key
part of economic development. She inquired about the biggest challenge for
each of the speakers.

Mr. Mathy reporting scaling the TDM Program was the biggest challenge.
Managing bus delivery for employee arrival was sometimes difficult. Growth
in general was the biggest challenge.

Ms. Tanner-Busby indicated ease of access to the website for information
was the biggest challenge. Providing information to new employees was
another concern.

Mr. Hamilton remarked that challenges were changing behavior and making
users aware of programs.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Burt regarding an
advisory committee.      She was interested in synergies with Stanford
University and Google. She requested Ms. Tanner-Busby suggest small
projects with which the Council could begin a TDM Program.

Ms. Tanner-Busby suggested neighborhood shuttles bringing people into
public transit worked better than providing buses.

Council Member Holman was interested in moving people from Downtown to
shopping areas to reduce traffic and parking problems. She inquired about
methods to determine whether participants were abusing the system.

Mr. Mathy explained that Google employees had to swipe their badges to
ride a shuttle. Swiping the badge provided the employee's name and
location and time of getting on the shuttle.

Mr. Hamilton believed some users did abuse the system. When they were
discovered, they were removed from the Program. His impression based on
surveys was that only a small number of users abused the system.

Ms. Tanner-Busby agreed it was only a small number. The new Clipper card
system allowed her to determine whether participants used public transit.
With respect to gas cards, both car riders had to verify participation to
receive the next gas card. In addition, employees and friends would report
abusers.

                                                                       Page 9 of 40
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                          Minutes: 12/9/13
