                                MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the Applicant could have financial constraints if
the Project was delayed, and inquired whether he was confident the Project
could be completed.

Mr. Tze was confident another mistake would not occur. He and his wife
were personally at risk on the Project, and he would be involved with the
Project every day from this point forward.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was concerned that delaying construction of the
Project would create even longer delays.

Mr. Tze stated there were unknown risks. He was uncertain of the effects of
a delay on the market. He wished to minimize risks by proceeding as soon
as possible.

Robert Smith felt many people did not like the shopping center, which
resulted in closing of retail shops. He did not consider the site historic, and
stated residents were punished by the blight and lack of facilities.

Robert Moss stated one of the major public benefits of the Project was
destroyed.    If the Applicant wanted another PC, there should be firm
requirements including replicating Building 1 and a significant fine for
historic preservation of other buildings. Delaying construction of housing
would only benefit the Applicant as property values increased.

Elise DeMarzo understood the Applicant breached protocol and a penalty was
needed. She did not understand how delaying construction would benefit
the community. She asked the Council not to delay the Project.

Herb Borock believed the Council should issue a stop work order on the
entire Project, because there was no valid building permit for the Project.
The Project did not comply with the approved PC zone or the previous
zoning.    Building 1 could not be reconstructed to satisfy a historic
requirement. Staff was asking the Council to ignore the Zoning Code and
Building Code.

Jeff Levinsky stated much of the Project delay was caused by the Developer
proposing configurations not acceptable to the community. The fine amount
could be $20,000 through use of a $10,000 fine for demolition of significant
historic structures outside the Downtown area. It would be appropriate to
consider mitigations that benefited the neighborhood, who suffered the loss
of a historic building. Buildings other than the grocery store deserved
serious thought and consideration by the Council.


03-04-2013                                                           112- 352
