                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene explained that if the City sold TDRs with parking exemptions on
the open market, then it would lose the cost of constructing those parking
spaces. The City had the discretion to offer TDRs for sale under whatever
conditions it wanted. This seemed to be an opportunity to reduce the City's
inventory of TDRs without creating additional parking problems.

Council Member Holman felt the sale of TDRs was inconsistent. The Council
had not provided direction on any of the parking exceptions under review.
She questioned the wisdom of proceeding with the Project when
development of Lot P was identified in the City's study as having the
greatest impact on adjacent businesses.

Mr. Keene stated the Council would have to decide whether a parking garage
was constructed on Lot P. There could be more unparked cars or there could
be additional parking at a reasonable cost.

Council Member Holman expressed concern about privatizing public land.
Development of Lot P was not viable, because it impacted adjacent
businesses. Some of the benefits as stated in the Staff Report were not true
benefits.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid that this proposal not be considered at this time and
not earlier than such time as there is an overall study and solutions for the
Downtown parking issue.

Council Member Holman felt the Project created significant policy issues and
significant impacts to adjacent businesses. The TDR process violated a City
Ordinance.

Council Member Schmid stated the answer to the parking problem in
Downtown was not to relinquish control of public property as a first step.
The Council should focus on strategic solutions to the parking problem.

Council Member Klein inquired about payment of property taxes for the
floors occupied by the developer.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, had not analyzed that scenario. The Agenda
item was a preliminary request to approve a term sheet, and a great deal of
legal work remained to be performed.

Council Member Klein felt the amount of property taxes lost could be
substantial if it was determined those floors were tax exempt. He inquired
whether Staff analyzed potential impacts to surrounding retail businesses
during and after construction of the parking garage.
                                                                        Page 11 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
