                 WORKING MINUTES

Stephanie Munoz felt the Council would know the community's values if it
listened to the community.

Council Member Berman felt outreach should determine the community's
priorities with the Council narrowing the list to the top five priorities.
Outreach was an important step in determining values. He requested Staff
comment on the different outreach methods with respect to reaching a
broad spectrum of the community.

Ms. Keith indicated social media and integration with community members
would be utilized to reach the broadest spectrum of participation. Staff
would seek as many outlets as possible.

Council Member Berman believed smart screens offered more functionality.
Smart screens should be placed at different types of locations in different
parts of town to reach a diverse population. He endorsed the use of video
interviews conducted by youth and hoped the youth would interview
themselves.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to accept Staff recommendation on the proposed outreach plan to
solicit and encourage input from the community on Palo Alto’s core values
using Open City Hall, smart screens, and video concept as outlined in the
staff report.

Council Member Berman noted the Council still needed to articulate the
concept of Core Values.

Council Member Kniss felt the greatest advantage of outreach was having a
conversation with the community. Hopefully the community would provide
substantive feedback. The community's Core Values were almost obvious.

Council Member Price inquired about the cost for technologies and labor
utilized in outreach efforts.

Ms. Keith reported the City paid a minimal maintenance fee of approximately
$200 per month for Open City Hall. Smart screen costs varied depending
upon size and features; however, they could be used again and again for a
variety of purposes. Video interviews would be relatively inexpensive.
Hopefully high school students would conduct interviews as a civic project.
Editing the video would also be relatively inexpensive. The primary cost
would be Staff time to manage the various portals. The advantage of Open
City Hall was its ability to aggregate information and feedback.
                                                                          Page 19 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                        Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
