                               MINUTES
through the 27 priorities presented by the Council Members and place them
in category groups. The proposed agenda was set-up based on the previous
direction by Council. Staff had received comments for other potential items
that could be included as discussions during the Retreat which were included
in the discussion portion of the Staff Report beginning on page 2. Staff
requested Council action regarding additional items to be discussed at the
retreat; the Procedures and Protocols, the Finance Committee
recommendation for review of dedicating revenue streams to infrastructure
projects, discussion of a mid-year retreat, and the Council schedule.
According to the Municipal Code the Council’s vacation schedule must be set
by February of each year.

Jeff Hoel spoke regarding a Council retreat Agenda that allowed Council the
ability to select fiber to the premises as a priority. The dark fiber network
began in 1999 and had turned out to be a success. The thought process at
the time was fiber to the premises would follow shortly thereafter.

Tony Kramer spoke regarding the Palo Alto noise code and requested the
Council review the Ordinance and make the interpretation a priority.

Council Member Kniss noted the construct of a City Council Retreat was
different in Palo Alto than many cities. She asked how past events had
altered the structure of the Retreat and whether the end result was to select
priorities or were there other goals woven into the agenda.

Mr. Keene stated the main output was identifying priorities by the Council at
the Retreat with the ability to report the progress on action taken in the
accomplishment of said priorities throughout the year has been taking place
for the past five retreats. The pre-process of building the agenda structure
was a new function in an effort to provide the Council with more time during
the Retreat to dedicate to the priorities. He reviewed the criteria of what a
priority was and how they differed from the core values of the City.

Council Member Kniss asked if there were other agenda’s within the Retreat
Agenda that may not be as clearly visible as what was listed. She
recommended the use of a facilitator to run the future Retreat which would
allow the Mayor the ability to participate without the distraction of running
the meeting as well.

Mr. Keene state the bulk of the Retreat had been directed in such a way as
to focus on the priorities and the actions steps necessary to accomplish
them. There was the assignment of Guiding Principles and Core Values which
the Sub-Committee thought and he agreed the timeframe did not allow for a
full range of discussion.
                                                                        Page 8 of 17
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
