                              MINUTES
more meetings. She was interested in Staff including the concept of a
stakeholder group for Council discussion.

Council Member Price asked if Vice Mayor Shepherd was amending the
Substitute Motion to include a stakeholder group.

Vice Mayor Shepherd replied yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return to
Council with their iteration of a stakeholder group.

Council Member Schmid believed the critical difference between the Motion
and the Substitute Motion was the role of policy guidelines. 27 University
Avenue was a major project with a long-term impact on the City. The
Substitute Motion was project oriented. The Council was obligated to
consider the wider impacts on the City. He opposed the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Holman indicated six to eight meetings with a check in
between three and six meetings was not sufficient.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Council Member Holman wished to suggest
the check in be moved to after the third or fourth meeting.

Council Member Holman felt the check in should occur at the midpoint;
however, a total of six to eight meetings was too few meetings. The Staff
Report indicated 10-12 meetings in 12-24 months. The stakeholder group
should be appointed by the Council.

Vice Mayor Shepherd did not believe the Substitute Motion precluded Council
appointment of a stakeholder group. Council appointees were required to
disclose their financial holdings, and some were not willing to do that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 5-3 Burt, Holman, Schmid, no, Klein not
participating

Council Member Klein returned to the meeting at 7:45 P.M.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Presentation by Jason Golbus on his Visit to Tsuchiura, Japan, and
     Representation of Palo Alto in the Kasumigaura Marathon.

                                                                           Page 11 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
