basis of population would contest the numbers generated by HCD, DoF, and
ABAG.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add the first full paragraph on page 478 of the
Staff Report, “Request for Revision Letter” with reference to Government
Code 65584.04

Council Member Klein stated the City was concerned about the number of
units, because of the effect on the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD).
The allocation would be a significant increase in housing, and no one had
identified where and how that number of units could be built without
changing a substantial element of the character of the City. The City had to
take every avenue possible to build a case that this was bad public policy. If
the City abandoned earlier arguments, people would say Palo Alto gave in on
those issues. The numbers were ludicrous given the lack of suitable land.
When enough cities attacked the system, then the Legislature would act to
change it.

Council Member Schmid requested clarification as to which paragraph was
incorporated in the Amendment.

Council Member Klein indicated Item 3 in the first full paragraph on page
478, which built on paragraph B of Section 65584.04 of the Government
Code as quoted on the bottom of page 477.

Council Member Burt supported the Amendment, and inquired whether
Council Member Klein intended to include an annotation to the Government
Code.

Council Member Klein wanted Staff to draft the language.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff would include a reference to the
applicable Government Code.

Council Member Klein believed Staff would do that.

Council Member Burt questioned whether the first part of the Amendment,
regarding DoF numbers, would include Government Code references if Staff
agreed with Council Member Schmid's references to the Government Code.

Molly Stump, City Attorney could not find the language Council Member
Schmid referenced in the Government Code. She would confer with him and
document the argument with statutory citations. To the extent the Council


                                  10                     February 11, 2013
