                       WORKING MINUTES
ACTION ITEMS

15.   Policy and Services Committee Recommends Approval of the Allocation
      of the Stanford University Medical Center Funds.

David Ramberg, Assistant Director Administrative Services, reported the
Council referred the matter to the Policy and Services Committee
(Committee) on May 6, 2013 for a discussion of Guiding Principles and a
process for allocating funds. The Committee discussed the matter on
June 25, 2013 and presented recommendations to the Council.            The
Committee recommended the Infrastructure Committee prepare a master
list of infrastructure projects for the Infrastructure and Sustainable
Neighborhoods portion of the Stanford University Medical Center (SUMC)
Development Agreement funds.            The Committee should review the
Community Health and Safety portion of the SUMC Development Agreement
funds. The Finance Committee should provide recommendations regarding
utilization of funds to coincide with the Budget process. The Committee did
not make recommendations regarding Guiding Principles; however,
Committee discussion focused on funding being utilized for lasting and
impactful projects with an emphasis on funding near-term projects. The
SUMC Development Agreement categories of Infrastructure and Sustainable
Neighborhoods and Sustainability would provide approximately $34 million in
2016-2017. Funds in the Community Health and Safety category in the
amount of $2 million were devoted to Project Safety Net, leaving a balance
of approximately $2 million. Funds in remaining categories were earmarked
for specific linkage projects.

Council Member Price noted the Committee discussed a logical process for
allocation of SUMC Development Agreement funds. The Committee felt the
process should be clear and deliberate to provide impactful results and the
funds should be exhausted within ten years. Allocation of Community Health
and Safety funds would benefit from further Committee discussion.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve the Policy and Services Committee recommendations:
1) once the City Council is in receipt of the Infrastructure Committee report,
the Council will develop a ranked master list of projects to use for the
Stanford University Medical Center funds (excluding the Community Health
and Safety Category), and each year thereafter as part of the budget
process; the Finance Committee and Council shall review the status of
Stanford University Medical Center funds and projects on the master list for
possible revision, until such time that the funds are exhausted, and 2) in a
parallel process, the Policy and Services Committee will review the allocation
of restricted funds under the category of Community Health and Safety of
                                                                          Page 7 of 17
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Working Minutes: 9/9/13
