                         DRAFT MINUTES
for an engagement exercise was an open and full discussion by each side.
Staff was committed to setting up any forum they could in order to share
information and ideas.     Some complaints about Staff sessions were
unwarranted and unfounded.       He would be the leader of Staff in
reciprocating with employees.

Mayor Scharff explained the length of time devoted to the Agenda Item was
based on three employee groups and additional employees speaking to the
Council.

Council Member Berman supported the Motion and wanted a more in-depth
discussion of the vesting issue. He agreed with Council Member Price's
comments regarding engagement of employees. He was disappointed that
employee groups decided not to speak to the Council, and wished to attend
forums to hear comments.

Council Member Burt appreciated the Mayor's clarification regarding the lack
of employee groups in attendance. The Council's intention was to have an
open dialog regarding long-term problems and strategies, not a negotiation.
He presumed he was not the only Council Member to receive requests to
meet one-on-one with employee groups.       He did not understand why
employee groups requested one-on-one meetings, but would not participate
in the public meetings.

Ms. Shen indicated Kevin McNally, head of the Fire group, was present.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

5.   Colleagues Memo From Council Members Klein and Schmid Regarding
     Annual Council Reorganization Meeting.

Council Member Klein reported twice in the last 10-12 years, the City came
close to having an emergency in early January. The flood in 1998 occurred
on December 28, and the third heaviest rain storm in the history of San
Francisquito Creek occurred on December 24 or 25, 2012. If there was a
need for an emergency Council meeting on January 1 or 2, in many years
the Council would not have a quorum. Council Members who were reelected
needed to take a new oath before they could act in the new term. If Council
Members did not take their oath until January 6, 7 or 8, they were not
authorized to act.

Molly Stump, City Attorney agreed. All Council Members who were elected
to a new term needed to take the oath before they took any official action.

                                                                       Page 21 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
