                          DRAFT MINUTES
advantage. Depending on the increase in the deductible and the type of
underlying co-insurance and copays, $2,000 for single and $4,000 for
family, the decrease could be between 20-30 percent. Risk was also the
key.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the League of California Cities or a
loose coalition of cities was applying pressure to CalPERS to determine if
CalPERS was acting behind the scenes.

Ms. Stump recalled the Council requested Staff raise this issue and others
with Assemblyman Gordon. Assemblyman Gordon stated he expected cities
to have those conversations amongst themselves, begin to build coalitions,
and return in 2014 or later to develop ideas further.

Council Member Berman believed every city should be interested in this type
of option as there did not appear to be a downside.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff had identified cities with
whom the City could partner to provide a stronger message.

Mr. Keene believed it would be easy to identify cities that shared Palo Alto's
interest in the future. Palo Alto acting alone legislatively would not have
much impact. Working with the League of California Cities would be a key
issue. Cities across the State were discussing these issues.

Council Member Holman requested Staff's opinion of the possibility of
lobbying CalPERS for changes.

Ms. Shen recalled that approximately five years ago, the City attempted to
pool with other South Bay cities to create a collective for healthcare as an
alternative to CalPERS. That effort was not successful at that time, because
the City already had too many retirees to purchase insurance on the market.

Vice Mayor Shepherd reported the League of California Cities had a
legislative group, and that group worked with pension legislation the
previous year.

Mayor Scharff noted the discussion covered specific examples other
jurisdictions utilized to reign in healthcare costs and moving to a defined
contribution.    He requested Staff specifically outline other jurisdictions'
actions.

Ms. Salazar inquired whether Mayor Scharff preferred the name of the
agency or a general reference regarding actions.
                                                                         Page 17 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
