                               MINUTES
submission of legislation at the State level was January 25, 2013. Staff
identified some potential issues as priorities and wished to discuss them with
the Council. If the Council was interested, then Staff would meet with
Assembly Member Gordon's staff before the January 25, 2013 deadline to
determine his interest.       Updated policies relating to rail informed the
legislative strategy and approach, and Staff would incorporate them as part
of the overall legislative strategy. Staff could respond to Guiding Principles
of the Rail Committee in the interim period. This was a multi-step process,
most of which would occur at the Policy and Services Committee. Because
of the State Legislative deadline, Staff felt they had to come to the Council
and identify and discuss these topics.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood these topics were additions to the 2012
lobbying efforts.    She requested Staff comment on sequencing the
conversation regarding California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) reform
relating to High Speed Rail (HSR).

Mr. Keene stated the primary intent was to track legislation. After the next
Rail Committee and Policy and Services Committee meetings, Staff would be
prepared to answer the question in detail.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the City Attorney's position with the
League of California Cities (League) Legislative Committee.

Molly Stump, City Attorney indicated she was the City Attorney
Department's liaison to the Environmental Quality Committee of the League.
Council Member Holman was the voting delegate on that committee.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated the Environmental Quality Committee was the
League's advocate for changes to CEQA. She requested Staff propose
methods to streamline that issue.

Council Member Holman reported Senator Rubio had proposed changes to
CEQA to remove the possibility of lawsuits when a project satisfied
standards. The problem was who determined whether a project satisfied
standards. She did not suggest the Council support this type of CEQA
reform. The California Communities Environmental Health Screening Tool
(CalEnviroScreen) a device used for existing environmental, health and
socio-economic data to compare the cumulative impacts of environmental
pollution on the State’s communities was a scoring mechanism being
established on how investment would be provided to local communities. The
deadline for comments was January 25, 2013.


                                                                        Page 22 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                             Minutes:
