                         ACTION MINUTES
     Agency Negotiators:
     James Keene, Pam Antil, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Hamid
     Ghaemmaghami, Greg Betts, Rob De Geus, Thomas Fehrenbach,
     Aaron Aknin, Molly Stump

     Negotiating Parties:
     City of Palo Alto and Palo Alto Unified School District

     Under Negotiation:
     Lease and/or Purchase/Sale*
     Price and Terms of Payment

The City Council reconvened from the Closed Sessions at 6:16 P.M. and
Mayor Scharff announced there was no reportable action.

STUDY SESSION

3.   Potential List of Topics for Joint Meeting with the City Council and
     Planning and Transportation Commission.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to continue Agenda Item Number 13, “Adoption of a Resolution
Adopting the 2007-2014 Housing Element of the Comprehensive Plan and
Approving a Negative Declaration,” to June 10, 2013 per Staff’s
recommendation.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price, absent

4.   Presentation of the City of Palo Alto 3-Year IT Strategy.

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer presented the 3-Year IT
strategy. The strategy covered technology trends, the current IT landscape,
vision, mission and goals. The four strategic goals were: 1) deploy digital
city capabilities, 2) implement IT governance, 3) standardize and enhance
service delivery, and 4) upgrade technology infrastructure and formalize
information security. Accomplishments and future initiatives that align to the
strategic plan were also shared. Staff responded to Council questions
regarding security in the cloud by indicating that going to the cloud entails
moving technology services from our data center to selected vendors’ data
center. The cloud vendors that we select are required to go through a
rigorous evaluation process to ensure that they meet our security
requirements. There are several large public agencies and states that have
                                                                              Page 2 of 6
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Action Minutes: 5/20/13
