                              MINUTES

Council Member Klein asked if any other expenses could be added to the
Project budget.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Staff would not recommend anything else.

Mr. Keene did not foresee any other costs unless something occurred during
the actual construction. The Project did not renovate every part of the
sidewalks along the Corridor, and some sections of the Corridor may need
future renovations to incorporate the pedestrian streetscape. Lighting down
the avenue connected the reconstructed parts and completed the street.
This Project would fulfill the Council priority of the future of California
Avenue.

Council Member Klein referenced the early sidewalk widening estimate of
$700,000 and the revised sidewalk widening estimate of $317,000, which
was an increase of almost 50 percent. He did not believe construction
inflation was 50 percent, and requested a breakdown of the costs.

Mr. Rodriguez explained Staff underestimated the cost of some items,
specifically the drainage impact, as they refined the design. In addition
$75,000 in grant funds was lost.

Council Member Klein stated the $75,000 was deducted elsewhere and could
not be counted twice.

Mr. Rodriguez explained the shortfall resulted partially from construction
inflation and partially from drainage construction.

Mr. Keene requested a division of inflation and redesign costs for the
$317,000.

Kandee Bahmani, RBF Consulting reported improvements to the Plaza area
between Ash Street and Birch Street added approximately $150,000 to
$200,000. Inflation was probably a 10 percent increase in unit prices. The
Council wanted more improvements all along California Avenue, so they
added some additional sidewalk widening.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City could receive additional
grant funds for the Project.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated there was no time to apply for grants, because
construction would have to begin by Fall 2013 to take advantage of current
grant funds.

03-04-2013                                                        112- 364
