                                MINUTES
Council Member Holman asked if the construction cost estimate could be
charged to the applicant as the penalty amount.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the Council could consider that.

Council Member Holman asked when Staff could provide a construction cost
for Bayshore Road improvements.

Mr. Rodriguez could provide an engineer's estimate within two to four
weeks.

Council Member Holman commented that the historic sign was to be moved
as part of the original application, and inquired whether it could be returned
to its original site.

Ms. Lee reported relocation of the sign allowed the reconfiguration of the
parking lot and provided improved visibility of the site. Returning the sign to
its original location would require reconfiguration of the site.

Council Member Klein noted the Agenda Item title did not mention the fine
or a use of the fine, and asked if the Council could consider those two items.

Molly Stump, City Attorney indicated the fine was incorporated into the
revision of the PC Ordinance.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, explained that typically a fine
was levied at an administrative level and was not presented to the Council.
The proposed fine amount was equivalent to the community benefit as
described in the Staff Report, the Resolution and the PC Ordinance.

Council Member Klein felt the fine should have been mentioned in the title of
the Agenda Item as it was a concern to the community. The Council should
not decide how penalty funds would be used in the current discussion,
because little to no notice was given to the general public.

Ms. Stump anticipated the Council would want another policy discussion
regarding use of the fine. It was permissible under the item and its notice
for the Council to impose the fine and direct Staff to return with a future
policy discussion regarding use of the monies.

Council Member Klein believed the Council needed to decide whether to
discuss uses of the penalty amount at the current time.


                                                                          Page 14 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 10/7/13
