                               MINUTES
Ms. Stump indicated CalEnviroScreen originated in California EPA's mandate
to build tools to perform analytical work in the environmental justice area.
It put together complex data on pollution and environmental impacts and
social justice issues by ZIP code.

Council Member Holman explained CalEnviroScreen could determine which
communities might be eligible for investment, and could detrimentally
characterize communities.

Council Member Burt noted Senator Hill's possible sponsorship of clean-up
legislation regarding HSR was not listed in the Staff Report. He requested
that be added to the list. He asked why Staff did not consider the items at
the bottom of page 2 as important as the preceding items.

Mr. Keene stated the list was not meant to be the entire legislative strategy
for the year. Because the items at the bottom of page 2 were topics at the
Rail Committee and the Rail Committee's lobbyist, they needed to be part of
the overall strategy but not the main focus.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff wanted the Council to provide
direction and approve priority issues.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff's intention was to meet with Assemblyman Gordon
to determine whether the City needed to have legislative action on these
topics prior to the January 25, 2013 deadline. Staff needed the Council's
feedback on whether or not the topics were ready for legislative action.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to direct Staff to explore potential legislation including:     1) requiring
CalPERS to offer a wider range of health care options and flexibility to local
governments, 2) extend the three year highest average for calculation of
pension, 3) more flexibility for new hires to save money over the long term
and tailor recruiting to a new generation who may prefer higher pay over
benefits, 4) eliminate costly and punitive CalPERS rules that restrict cities
from hiring some job candidates, 5) PEPRA clean-up and clarification, and 6)
landfill capping requirements. Additionally the following: 7) CEQA reform
(particularly as it relates to High Speed Rail), 8) State’s Housing Element
Process and Allocation, 9) some form of dedicated funding for Caltrain, and
10) High Speed Rail clean up.

Vice Mayor Shepherd reported the Rail Committee had a conference call with
the Rail Lobbyist, and would meet on January 31, 2013 to discuss rail
legislation. She suggested the City Attorney attend the discussion with the
Rail Lobbyist in order to incorporate Rail Committee actions into City policy.
                                                                        Page 23 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                             Minutes:
