Adina Levin, speaking as a Sierra Club Member and as an individual,
appreciated the Council's review of ABAG methodology. The State's metric
for housing affordability should include transportation. From a Sierra Club
perspective, cities should look for in-fill development opportunities rather
than using the built-out argument.

Council Member Holman indicated the City Attorney provided an at-places
communication regarding the two methods the Council could approach an
appeal. One ground for appeal was the basic formula used to determine
RHNA. A second ground was individual allocations assigned to the agency.
The RHMC recommended the appeal focus on the second ground, or
allocation of the Stanford units. She noted a typographical error on packet
page 482.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to authorize the Mayor to execute the appeal cover letter
(Attachment A of the Staff Report) and completed appeal template
(Attachment B of the Staff Report) to the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) regarding the City’s appeal of the adopted Regional
Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) for the 2014-2022 cycle.

Council Member Berman felt the appeal letter was strong and focused on the
one argument in which ABAG expressed an interest. The City had other
disagreements with ABAG; however, this argument complied with statute
requirements. The City should focus on the one area that was a ground for
appeal, provide a solid argument, and achieve the goal of reducing the
RHNA. He was concerned that taking on all disagreements would result in
the failure of all appeals.

Council Member Schmid believed the draft letter focused on the allocation
process with ABAG. He referenced California Code sections regarding the
process for appeal. It was important for the appeal to cite the problem in
demographics and to include a note to the California Department of Housing
and Community Development (HCD) and the California Department of
Finance (DoF).

AMENDMENT TO MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member Klein to add Point Number One from the City of Palo Alto
letter dated September 11, 2012 packet page 496 inserting an appeal based
on the population numbers and send copies to the Departments of Finance
and Housing.

Council Member Schmid favored appealing the transfer of 350 units;
however, this only slightly affected the impact on the City. Appealing on the


                                   9                    February 11, 2013
