                       WORKING MINUTES
was concerned about the limitation on the FAR, the height, and the
proximity to residential immediately behind any of the parcels along El
Camino Real. If the considered changes were not managed carefully, the
anticipated growth and change would not be realized.

Commissioner Malone-Pritchard stated the uses were an important part of
the discussion and the manner in which the Zoning Code was presently
written was based on location and not usage or functionality of the facility.
She felt the setbacks and plantings needed to be addressed based on the
uses and how they could advance the City.

Council Member Kniss asked why Grand Boulevard had not been mentioned.
She noted the project had been in discussion for a decade and asked if it
was a possibility.

Commissioner Lew stated he had been attending the Grand Boulevard
meetings and had reviewed other structures built along El Camino Real in
other cities. The concept was a possibility although with a corridor like El
Camino Real it was complicated. He mentioned the City of Hayward was able
to have Caltrans D-List their portion of Mission Boulevard as a highway.
Mission Boulevard was as complex as El Camino Real.

Commissioner Lippert stated there were a number of things occurring on El
Camino Real which made it problematic. The Hetch Hetchy pipeline created
an improbability for deep planting and it was a State road. The State was
resistant to relinquish control.

Council Member Price agreed the issue of relinquishment was valid, which
opened concerns regarding whether the cities would be willing to maintain
their designated segment. Some of the concerns included the concerns of
the owners, the noted shallow lots, lot sizes, and parking. She was uncertain
of the number of owners although their lack of assembly on concept along
with the lack of workable segments along El Camino Real added to the mix.

Commissioner Lew mentioned the College Terrace Center was a nice design
and another was coming soon near the Fry’s Electronics’ site on Portage
Avenue where they were assembling parcels for a mixed-use project. He did
not believe there was anything in the Palo Alto process impeding land
owners from assembling.

Commissioner Popp said the information developed through the Grand
Boulevard program and the metrics they have been able to establish could
be useful to Palo Alto; although, as a City, Palo Alto needed to develop their
own sense of design for El Camino Real. Once Palo Alto had a clear vision of
                                                                            Page 3 of 24
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                        Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
