                  WORKING MINUTES
Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, reported a Caltrain study indicated the need
for grade separations might not be urgent in the 2019 electrification
timeframe. The addition of trains and/or High Speed Rail would break the
at-grade crossings. The selection of a preferred approach would require in-
depth community engagement. The likelihood that freight would cease in
the future was almost nonexistent.         The Council should consider the
possibility of a short-haul freight operator that imposed fewer cost
constraints.

Elizabeth Alexis, Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD),
believed grade separations would occur with or without electrification of
Caltrain. A recent Caltrain study indicated the blended system would have
little impact on intersections.    Traffic was clearly increasing.   Grade
separation would in the next 10-20 years. She urged the Council to
reconsider the scope of work for HMM to understand critical assumptions as
cost drivers.

Herb Borock noted that Rail Committee Guidelines indicated the lead agency
should be responsible for grade separations; therefore, the lead agency
should pay for any studies. Those who benefited from trenching should pay
for the study. Development atop trenching in south Palo Alto could split the
community. HMM helped finance Proposition 1A to increase its income. The
community would support modernization of Caltrain but not electrification of
Caltrain.

Robert Moss felt the study would not provide details for accomplishing grade
separation. Caltrain and the California High Speed Rail Authority (CHSRA)
should fund the study. A study of crossing options was premature.

Council Member Burt did not believe High Speed Rail (HSR) was likely to
occur on the Peninsula prior to 2030.           Caltrain ridership would be
compounded by electrification and a connection to downtown San Francisco.
When the number of trains increased, major problems would occur in Palo
Alto. If the Council did not investigate options for grade crossings, it would
not be prepared for the future or prepared to advocate for funding. The
community had not determined the best design for crossings. The proposed
study would inform the Council and Caltrain. The Committee discussed
whether to include trenching in the evaluation. Guiding Principles and Rail
Committee Guidelines stated the preferred alternative was below-grade
crossings. The Council could not exclude below-grade considerations when
they were the established policy. Grade separations at Churchill, East
Meadow, and Charleston could necessitate the acquisition of approximately
100 homes, in which case trenching could be a feasible option. With respect
to freight, the difference between a 1 percent and a 2 percent grade was a
                                                                             Page 14 of 24
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
