                                MINUTES
separations and the effects on traffic. Having a grade separation at a
particular location was a major decision for the Council; therefore, searching
for funding was premature. The cost estimates for grade separations in Palo
Alto were significant, approximately $50 million each.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether the City had a policy concerning the
acceptability of grade separations.

Mr. Williams stated the City did not have a formal policy regarding grade
separations. The Study contained language concerning evaluation of grade
separations and at-grade crossings.

Council Member Kniss wanted to refer the issue of funding grade separations
to Staff at a later date. Caltrain was proceeding with electrification, and the
City had to consider that.

Council Member Holman noted the Negative Declaration did not change with
regard to potential impacts to both aesthetics and cultural resources, and
inquired why those topics were not updated.

Mr. Williams explained those specific impacts would be evaluated when a
proposal was made. Staff discussed cultural issues associated with future
construction. The current evaluation concerned the nature of the impact of
the Report as opposed to a specific project, which would have a potential
significant impact on certain resources.

Council Member Holman indicated the Study stated in a number of places
less than significant impact, and inquired why the Study would not consider
potential impacts.

Mr. Williams explained the checklist provided multiple choices: no impact,
less than significant impact, and potentially significant impact unless
mitigation was incorporated.      The Council could not adopt mitigation
measures without a specific project to mitigate. Less than significant impact
was the best choice of the three.

Council Member Holman felt the Study should state no impact if it was the
impact of a study, or possible mitigations if there was potential for
significant impact.

Mr. Williams explained if there was not a clear relationship between the
Study and the issue, then there was no impact.        If there was some
relationship between the Study and the issue, then there was a less than

                                                                          Page 6 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
