                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams explained Staff would attempt to obtain Council approval for
programs within six months.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether the City previously had an attendant
at one of the parking garages.

Mr. Williams was not familiar with that.

Council Member Kniss seemed to recall a parking attendant was utilized
around the holiday season.

Mr. Williams suggested an attendant was utilized during the holiday season
for visitor parking. Staff proposed utilizing an attendant for permit parking
spaces in garages. Once a garage was full, an attendant would double park
cars on upper levels, resulting in approximately 20 percent more parking
spaces.

Council Member Kniss asked if the cost for constructing a parking garage
through a public-private partnership would be approximately half the normal
cost.

Mr. Williams reported the City's cost would be approximately half for each
net parking space gained. That amount did not include the availability of
additional parking spaces at night and on weekends.

Council Member Berman believed Staff could increase the number of permits
for parking garages without Council approval. The plan was to increase the
number of permits in the garages that did not have waiting lists. He asked
how Staff would increase demand for parking permits.

Mr. Rodriguez noted the elimination of waiting lists at some garages were
the result of Staff increasing the number of permits.

Council Member Berman indicated the garages at the Civic Center and High
Street had decreased usage, and inquired whether Staff considered
increasing the number of permits for those facilities.

Mr. Rodriguez explained input from parking enforcement teams indicated
high occupancy at the Civic Center garage; therefore, Staff felt it appropriate
to consider increasing the number of parking permits at a later time. The
correct occupancy for the High Street garage was 85 percent, so Staff
wanted to monitor the situation for a few months.


                                                                         Page 13 of 32
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 3/18/13
