                               MINUTES
Cybele appreciated the Homeless Services Task Force's efforts.         She
supported Mr. Richardson's request for additional time to create long-term
strategies.

Norman Carroll received housing through County homeless programs and
helped others receive housing.     Homeless programs needed to be
implemented properly. The proposed funding amount was insufficient.

Edie Keating questioned actions that would be taken at the end of two years.
The proposal would not house the entire homeless population in Palo Alto.

Stephanie Munoz agreed with Ms. Keating's comments. The City's planning
was inadequate in that it did not consider housing for workers. Another
issue for the homeless population was mental illness.

Council Member Price indicated one highlight of the homeless discussion was
the opportunity to learn about homelessness. Clearly a comprehensive
approach was needed. Collaboration and communication would be critical to
achieving meaningful outcomes. Partnerships in seeking funds was also
important. With respect to the Care Coordination Project, the City would be
pushing the onus toward the County in terms of coordinating an RFP for
services. She inquired about periodic updates to the Council regarding
interim outcomes and performance measures.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag stated City Staff would be involved in choosing the
agencies to provide services and including specific items related to Palo Alto
in the RFP. The RFP could contain reporting structures to Staff and the
Council. The City's oversight of service providers should not be an issue.

Ky Le, Director of Homeless Systems for the County of Santa Clara,
explained that the Care Coordination Project identified several outcome
measures, primarily related to retention of housing, days to housing, and
connection to supplemental security and to health services. Those metrics
could be incorporated into the RFP and reported to City Staff.

Council Member Price asked if the process would consider outside peer
review of RFPs.

Mr. Le envisioned that the panel would include himself, City Staff, and
perhaps other community experts.

Council Member Price suggested the panel include experts from outside the
county to provide fresh insight.

                                                                         Page 20 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/7/13
