Stephanie Munoz believed the price of property in Palo Alto would increase
and result in additional homeless people.    The City should retain the
property and build senior housing.

Jim Jerkovich opposed the Maybell Avenue Project because of the density of
housing on the site. He suggested use of a Habitat for Humanity model to
lower the cost of development by bringing in more affordable development.
He encouraged PAHC developers to consider more creative financing
arrangements.

Robert Moss recommended the City consider taking possession of about a
third of the property in exchange for the City's loan to PAHC. The City would
then own four lots along Maybell Avenue containing existing homes and a
strip of the orchard along the rear of the property. The four existing homes
could be converted to Below Market Rate (BMR) housing. The orchard
portion of the property could be fully developed into one or two houses or
partially developed with one home and the rest remaining an orchard.

Cheryl Lilienstein concurred with the comments of Mr. Scholtz and Mr. Moss.
Residents were willing to discuss development of affordable housing at the
site if the City could retain the property.

Joe Hirsch related incidents in which he requested meetings with PAHC;
however, PAHC representatives would not meet with him. Palo Altans for
Sensible Zoning were willing to meet with PAHC to discuss alternative
development of the site.

Don Anderson supported the Staff recommendation or any other
recommendation that would allow PAHC to continue its work. Any discussion
of alternative plans should not be at PAHC's expense.

Trina Lovercheck also supported the Staff recommendation. PAHC could not
afford to retain the property. PAHC should be allowed to sell the property in
order to recoup its funds.

Council Member Kniss stated PAHC's funding package included loans and tax
credits. Not allowing PAHC to sell the property could cost the City $8-$10
million. Those funds were needed for other City projects and investments.
Given the complexity of funding mechanisms needed to develop affordable
housing, she did not believe the City should take on the role of developer.
She requested Staff summarize the funding PAHC utilized to purchase the
site.

Barbara Kautz, Goldfarb & Lipman, agreed that financing the land purchase
was complicated. The initial purchase price was $15.8 million. Two entities
                                  18                   December 16, 2013
