                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein reported the Motion included the issue of Council
conduct at meetings as part of the Agenda for the Council Retreat on
February 2, 2013. He prepared the numbers in the Colleagues Memo. The
best forum for the discussion was the Retreat.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to agendize a discussion for up to one hour regarding the length of City
Council meetings at the City Council Retreat on February 2, 2013.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether the one hour time limit could be
less.

Council Member Klein answered yes.

Council Member Price felt the Motion complemented efforts to manage
Council meetings.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the discussion at the Retreat
would include the reasons for longer meetings.

Mayor Scharff answered yes.

Council Member Klein indicated Council Members were free to discuss
various reasons.

James Keene, City Manager clarified that the Motion was open-ended, while
the recommendations were more narrowly constructed. The Council could
take action at the Retreat. He wanted to ensure the Item was agendized to
allow a wide-ranging discussion up to an hour in length regarding more
effective Council meetings.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein reported from Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) regarding the City of San Francisco election
regarding the draining of the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir which was defeated.
BAWSCA agencies were concerned that San Francisco was able to vote solely
on the issue when the other agencies represented 2/3 of the system.
Conversations were taking place to alter the law to allow all the agencies to
have a vote.


                                                                       Page 30 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
