                                MINUTES

Former Mayor Gail Woolley stated the residence adjacent to her home was
demolished in January 2007. Partial construction occurred in 2008 and
2009; however, the construction remained incomplete. Incidents of drug
dealing and storage of stolen property occurred at the site.

Linda Vlasic urged the Council to direct Staff to draft an Ordinance related to
stalled construction projects.     She recommended the Council consider
architectural review of one-story projects.

Council Member Price indicated the Colleague's Memorandum addressed the
issues of stalled construction in residential neighbors. Stalled construction
projects impacted the quality of life in neighborhoods and became
destinations for dangerous behaviors.       The authors of the Colleague's
Memorandum requested the item be referred to the Policy and Services
Committee to prepare an Ordinance addressing the imposition of time limits
for building permits and daily penalties for projects which exceeded the life
of building permits.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
direct Staff to: 1) draft an Ordinance that amends the Municipal Code
regarding completion of residential construction projects in a timely manner,
to include the imposition of time limits for building permits and daily
penalties for projects that exceed the life of a building permit; 2) return to
the Policy and Services Committee with a brief update and analysis of delays
in commercial construction projects in Palo Alto, if similar issues have arisen,
along with potential solutions; and 3) this draft shall be reviewed by
Council’s Policy and Services Committee for final recommendation to
Council.

Council Member Price reported community members clearly expressed
concern about the conditions. It was important for the Council to move
forward with the recommendation, because of the impacts on
neighborhoods. Stalled construction projects occurred throughout Palo Alto.

Mayor Scharff felt stalled construction projects were a quality of life issue.
He had heard complaints about stalled construction projects over several
years. He inquired about a time limit for fencing to remain around stalled
construction projects.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director, reported if there was no
construction activity within a prescribed time period after issuance of a
building permit, then Staff began the enforcement process.

                                                                           Page 4 of 13
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 9/23/13
