                                MINUTES
having a Liaison to the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and
Architectural Review Board (ARB).

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment,
discussed the matter with Director Williams, who reported in his tenure the
Council did not have a Liaison to the ARB and PTC. The Liaisons to the PTC
and ARB were eliminated so as not to jeopardize a Council Member's ability
to participate in a Council action, and to allow the ARB and PTC to maintain
some independence from the Council.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt there were inconsistencies, because some
Commissions agendized a City Council Liaison report at their meetings and
some did not. She suggested the Committee consider having a Council
Liaison retire after reporting, so that the Commissioners did not feel the
overhang of having an elected official present. The Commissioners and
Board Members needed better training with regard to their roles. The
debates about Tier 2 could be resolved by calling it regional. She considered
eliminating the entire Liaison relationship with CBOs, because it was difficult
to understand the Liaison role. Often Staff could resolve CBO concerns
without involving the Council. She suggested the Committee narrow the list
of CBOs for Tier 3 and determine the purpose of Liaisons to CBOs.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
approve the recommendation from the Policy and Services Committee to
include the following changes: Section 2.4 A title to change from “Conduct
of Palo Alto Boards and Commissions” to “Liaisons to community, county,
regional, state and federal bodies;” strike the words “and commissions” and
add “commissions and task forces;” and change Tier 2 to “those of the
county, regional, state and federal levels.”

Council Member Klein felt the Agenda item was relatively minor and
considered the conduct of Liaisons to various organizations. This item did
not warrant referral back to the Committee and future Council discussion.

Mayor Scharff agreed. Council Member Kniss' appointment to the Bay Area
Air Quality Management District was not a Council Liaison position. His role
on the Bay Conservation and Development Commission (BCDC) also was not
a Council Liaison position. He was concerned that those two positions were
not bound by Council policy positions.

Council Member Kniss was happy to support the recommendations as they
were presented. In the interest of time management, the Council should
vote.

                                                                            Page 11 of 18
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/15/13
