                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene explained the most valuable parking spaces were located in the
most crowded lot. As parking supply dwindled, variable pricing became an
option.

Council Member Burt stated that was dynamic pricing. Variable pricing was
fixed pricing at different locations.

Council Member Klein noted the Staff Report did not mention the impact of
parking fees on low-income employees who worked in Downtown, and
inquired whether Staff had considered that.

Mr. Williams reported Staff discussed more affordable pricing for upper
levels of parking garages. The difficulty was ensuring people parking in less
expensive areas needed the lower price. Staff would consider that in more
detail for permit parking programs.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff would engage employers and
employees, and utilize surveys regarding prices.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Council Member Klein inquired about the purpose of implementing parking
programs, the metrics for determining saturation and determining the
needed parking spaces.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff would review some of the same topics included
in the Downtown North report in the short term. Determining the number of
needed parking spaces would require a long-term analysis.

Council Member Klein suggested parking programs could increase the value
of residents' properties, and that needed to be considered. Neighborhood
parking restrictions were the City's crucial short-term program. He asked if
Staff could return with neighborhood parking restrictions sooner than
September 2013.

Mr. Williams reported Staff intended to hold a series of meetings with each
neighborhood, the community in general, and the business community. It
would be difficult to follow that process in a shorter timeframe.

Council Member Kniss noted the recommended Motion indicated Staff would
evaluate and implement programs within six months; yet, Mr. Williams just
stated the neighborhood parking program would not be ready in six months.


                                                                       Page 12 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
