                          DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Keene explained Section 22893 was the CalPERS term for the second
tier plan implemented by the City between 2004 and 2006. The Council
received labor correspondence about the second tier plan. The City did not
need to maintain that existing program, and could restructure it in some way
so as to be more aligned with Council goals.

Ms. Salazar agreed with Mr. Keene's statements.           Based on current
demographics, another agency pursued a third option to leave CalPERS. As
it left CalPERS, it had no particular obligation to make a particular
contribution towards retiree healthcare. The agency implemented two-tier
plans, recognizing a particular dollar amount allowance for retiree healthcare
upon an employee's retirement. For new employees under the new tier, the
agency created a retiree healthcare trust to which the employee contributed
and the employer matched the dollar amount. The amount increased based
on years of service. At time of retirement, the employee vested on the
employer contribution to the trust. If an employee did not retire from the
agency, the funds reverted to the agency.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd: 1) for
Staff to review and summarize options for health benefit plans that may be
considered for negotiation with represented employees and discussion with
management employees, including flexible benefit plans; 2) City Staff should
also review the continuing viability of the California Government Code
Section 22893, a 20-year graduated benefit retiree health plan that is
currently in place for employees who began City employment as of 2004-
2006, depending on bargaining unit, returning with a recommendation to
continue in the plan, amend or eliminate the plan; 3) for City Staff to review
City benefit plans, policies and procedures for compliance with the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), bringing back recommendations
to Council for required action; and, 4) that staff identify best wellness
practices and health plan benefits that emphasize, teach and reward
wellness.

Mayor Scharff appreciated the outline of options for healthcare benefits. The
Motion directed Staff to summarize Ms. Salazar's comments, to explain the
vesting schedule, and to explore options without being prescriptive to
amending, eliminating or continuing with the plan. He would support a
wellness plan. It was unfortunate that CalPERS had disincentives to create
wellness plans.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested the large amount of data be presented
incrementally for ease of understanding.


                                                                         Page 19 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
