                               MINUTES
AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

None

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced that the United Nations Association
Film Festival would continue through October 27, 2013. Roger Stoller's
artwork, Cloud Forest, was installed October 11-12, 2013 at the new Mitchell
Park Library. Caltrain celebrated its 150th Anniversary the prior weekend.
Palo Alto was named the Number 1 Most Livable City on the Top 100 Best
Places to Live by the website livability.com. Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer was
named as the City of Millbrae's 2013 Man of the Year. Jessica Sullivan was
employed as the City's Parking Manager.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Vice Mayor Shepherd traveled with delegates from the Bay Area Council to
the City's Smart City Partner in China. Speaking at a symposium, she
explained the Smart City effect in Palo Alto. Chinese businesses and cities
wished to emulate Silicon Valley. She visited the Chinese school that hosted
Palo Alto students in 2013 and secured a relationship to continue the
exchange program.

Council Member Price attended two Walk and Roll events which celebrated
alternative transportation modes to schools. She spoke at the Ride to
Recovery Program at the Veterans Administration Hospital. The Program
acknowledged physical injuries and mental health impacts of military
service. She acknowledged the Fire Department and partners for hosting a
successful pancake breakfast. Funds raised at the breakfast would support
Project Safety Net. The Teen Council was restructuring their work and goals
to identify new concepts for events and activities.

Council Member Berman attended National Unity Day at Duveneck
Elementary. Also at Duveneck Elementary, he chose raffle tickets for the
Walk and Roll event.

Mayor Scharff traveled to Heidelberg and Enskede with City Manager Keene
to sign Smart City partnerships. Universities in both cities were interested in
learning about sustainability issues and start-up cultures.




                                                                          Page 6 of 34
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/21/13
