                                MINUTES
7) allow the installation of the historic sign and other incidental related
work; and 8) allow the housing or a portion of the housing to proceed at
Applicant’s risk while the SEIR and PC amendment are under development.
This would also allow for approval of the Final Map. a) No final inspection
and issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy should be permitted until Council
certification of the SEIR and approval of the PC amendment; b) Applicant
proceeds at his own risk in the event the amended project is not approved
by the Council; and c) a penalty should be assessed for the unpermitted
demolition of Building #1.

Council Member Kniss did not believe a fine should be assessed at the
current time.   She referenced Council Member Klein's suggestion of a
framework for discussion of a fine, and the City Attorney's response.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted Building 1 was demolished and materials
removed, and the community wanted the Project completed as soon as
possible. The Project should proceed without jeopardizing a good design for
Building 1. The neighborhood, the community, and the entrance to Palo Alto
were hurt by the lack of progress. Proceeding with the Project would be in
the best interest of Palo Alto.

Council Member Kniss suggested Staff review Federal standards for
remodeling historic buildings if the Project proceeded.

Mr. Williams indicated that would be the criteria utilized in the SEIR.

Council Member Kniss felt the intertwining of a PC zone with historic
preservation made the Project more complex.

Mayor Scharff believed the Council could not allow construction of Building 1
prior to completion of the SEIR.

Ms. Stump did not believe anyone was suggesting that Building 1 move
forward before the SEIR.

Council Member Price was not comfortable including the housing component,
because the Council was not taking any identifiable action to suggest it was
concerned about the demolition of Building 1. The Council should allow Staff
to decide if an enhanced rehabilitation of Building 2 was appropriate as a
public benefit. As part of the SEIR, the Council should examine the public
benefit issues as a means to compensate for the demolition of Building 1.
She would not support the Motion as proposed, because the discussion of
proceeding with housing was premature. She asked when the Council would
have an opportunity to provide Staff with parameters for a fine.

03-04-2013                                                                112- 354
