                    MINUTES
message, but remained right around the two-thirds level required for
approval especially if one factored in the 8 percent of undecided
respondents.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether a 50 percent approval was required for a
general tax.

Mr. Metz answered yes. The TOT could be a general or specific tax. Support
for an increase in the TOT as a general tax was 15 points over the required
majority. The next measure in the sequence was the transportation bond
measure, which was also likely viable. Over the course of each survey, the
level of support was right around the two-thirds level required for approval.
Notable were the identical results obtained with detailed language presented
as the first option and with the conceptual description tested in April 2013.
FM3 tested pro and con arguments on the measure as well.               In the
opposition argument, interviewers specified the tax impact that the measure
would have on a typical property owner, $116 per year, as well as the
aggregate cost when interest was factored in. Again support declined as
interviewers presented additional measures and information.           Support
remained at the two-thirds level after the positive message and after the
other measures were presented. After the negative message, support
decreased to 61 percent. The level of fluidity in support was one factor that
led FM3 to recommend additional research, given the different ways a
transportation bond could be packaged. The third measure was a sales tax
increase. FM3 also believed a sales tax increase was viable; although, the
margins were closer. All variations of questions over the three surveys
received majority support. In presenting findings from the April 2013
survey, FM3 noted the language used in the survey significantly understated
the potential support. The current survey showed that with a more detailed
description support reached the majority level required for approval. The
level of support for a 1/4 percent increase in the sales tax was 52 percent.
Reducing the increase to 1/8 percent resulted in a 9-point gain in support.
That was a notable level of increase, and moved support from a slim
majority to a more substantial majority. The intensity of support remained
approximately the same with 1 in 5 voters indicating they would definitely
vote yes. Support remained fairly steady at the 57 percent level when
respondents heard the initial positive messaging; however, support dropped
to 51 percent after the negative message. A sales tax measure may require
more detailed exploration if the City chose to proceed with further research.
FM3 assessed the public safety bond measure as not viable. In April 2013,
conceptual support for a bond measure reached 68 percent.               When
interviewers did not mention a specific price point or specify that bonding
would be the funding mechanism, support dropped to the low 60s in the
current poll. There was no real difference in support if a public safety bond
                                                                        Page 17 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
