                              MINUTES

Mr. Keene believed employees did not want to change vendors and move
funds; therefore, the City would rather add vendors.

Sandra Blanch, Assistant Director of Human Resources reported the City had
a Deferred Compensation Committee comprised of employee representatives
to explore that type of decision. ICMA and The Hartford had been the
primary providers for approximately 18 years. The City could offer more
options; however, more administrative support would be required.

Council Member Price noted the City of San Jose had its own pension
program. She inquired whether Staff was exploring ways to improve or
enhance the quality of communication with the bargaining units.

Ms. Shen stated Staff was examining the employee forums and was
committed to good communications. More information was provided on the
intranet and through emails.  Staff had to be careful about how the
communication was structured.

Council Member Price asked if attempts to improve communications included
employee groups' suggestions for productive communications.

Mr. Keene answered yes. The letter was not copied to any Staff; however,
improvement would originate with Staff.

Council Member Holman asked when Staff would provide information
regarding legislation to the Council.

Mr. Keene would begin that discussion in Agenda Item Number 10. The
legislative program typically was presented to the Policy and Services
Committee.

Council Member Holman clarified that some edification would be presented in
Agenda Item Number 10; otherwise, correspondence to Legislators would be
vetted by the Policy and Services Committee.

Mr. Keene stated the process would be discussed in Agenda Item Number
10.

Council Member Holman recalled the Council's previous discussion regarding
direct communications with Staff, and inquired whether there had been
further discussion of how that might happen.


                                                                     Page 18 of 31
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                          Minutes:
