                               MINUTES
Council in its prior discussion expressed concerns that once salt was in the
ground, it was there forever and that salt caused problems with the
irrigation system at the Golf Course. Flushing salt through the soil resulted
in salt leaving the soil and flowing to the Bay. Staff researched problems
with the Golf Course irrigation system, and would answer questions if the
Council wished.

Council Member Schmid recalled issues of runoff from the Water Treatment
Plant killing the marshland; customers dropping out of the program to use
recycled water from the aerobic digester; damage to Greer Park trees; and
Stanford Research Park concerns regarding redwood trees. He inquired
whether the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) would cover those types of
scientific issues.

Mr. Procos explained the EIR focus was defined by the Project.         The
proposed time extension focused on the EIR and the Project to extend
recycled water primarily to the Stanford Research Park. The item would not
focus on the issues mentioned, but some lessons could be learned during the
EIR process. Staff performed some studies to address water quality issues,
and those studies would feed into the EIR.

Council Member Schmid suggested Stanford funding should be used to study
salinity and toxic plume issues to provide context for Council decisions. The
TDS goal of 600 ppm was realistic for effective utilization of recycled water.

Council Member Kniss believed landscaping tolerant to salinity could be
used, and requested Staff provide information offline on that topic.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve a contract with RMC Water and Environment, Inc. (RMC) to
complete the environmental analysis of an expanded recycled water project
to serve the Stanford Research Park for $176,286, plus a contingency of
$17,628, for an amount not to exceed $193,914. Staff also recommends
that Council approve this contract as a “sole source” exemption from the
City’s competitive bidding process under its authority in Palo Alto Municipal
Code Section 2.30.360(d).

Council Member Berman inquired about impacts of salinity on the Golf
Course irrigation system.

James Allen, Manager Water Quality Control Plant, reported the Golf Course
had problems with corrosion of iron fittings over the prior 15 years. Staff
discussed the problem and concluded corrosion was caused by the corrosive
nature of the Bay mud.
                                                                           Page 14 of 20
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/8/13
