                            MINUTES
     Palo Alto.
  2. Develop a Wireless Network Plan with a near-term focus on Wi-Fi, and
     a long-term consideration of other wireless technologies.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether the process could move faster.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would complete the process as quickly as possible.
Staff would report to the Committee and the Council throughout the
process.

Council Member Kniss wanted the process to move rapidly because it
provided a great advantage for Palo Alto. Staff and the Council could
learn from many cities around the country, and the Committee would
continue to talk with other cities.  She wanted to hear comments
regarding Wi-Fi. Building a FTTP network was technical and required
expertise.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Kniss' comments
regarding proceeding faster.       He was disappointed the Advisory
Committee had not been appointed. He understood the Motion did not
preclude the City from operating the network. The City did not have the
expertise to construct the network; therefore, a knowledgeable contractor
would be needed. The addition of a Wireless Network Plan was suggested
by Mr. Reichenthal. He did not know if it would be an asset to the City.
The Council needed to educate the public on the differences between dark
fiber and wireless technology. If Palo Alto wished to continue to be a
leader in innovation, an FTTP network was needed.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the Staff Report did not provide reasons for
constructing an FTTP network, and asked when that discussion would
occur.

Mr. Fleming suggested the appropriate time would be after the network
design and cost were known and market research determined consumer
demand.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated the Council could discuss reasons for
constructing an FTTP network once it knew a network could be
implemented throughout the community.

Mr. Fleming added that a third party interested in building the network
would perform market research as well.


                                                                      Page 25 of 26
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/28/13
