                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt agreed that the land value issues could be separated.
He could not find any rationale for attributing land value to the primary site.
Assuming the land for the parking garage and Public Safety Building was
built at fair market value, the analysis became more complex. He inquired
whether the development costs included the land.

Mr. Svensson answered no.

Council Member Burt did not understand how the construction of an office
building would be twice as much per square foot, excluding land costs, than
the average sale price throughout Silicon Valley. Everything that flowed
from the report was fatally flawed. The report stated that if the project was
reduced by half, there would be no possibility of any public benefit
contributions with the same rate of return. He knew there were big dollars
left over for public benefit on projects far smaller than the proposed
development.

Mr. Svensson reported the average value in Silicon Valley was a gross
average for many different property types. The construction costs contained
in the analysis included parking, basements, and site development.

Council Member Burt noted the average transaction price in San Francisco
was $582 per square foot, another $100 below the report's construction
costs excluding land costs. At this point in time, the report was not
informative with respect to economic benefits of the project. The proposed
economic benefit of a new Public Safety Building was large. PC Zones should
be applied to uses appropriately requiring flexibility under controlled
conditions which conformed with and enhanced Comprehensive Plan
objectives. PC Zones were used in circumstances where design and zoning
constraints could be relaxed to allow for a better project. There would be
intrinsic benefits to that project. There would be public benefits alongside
the intrinsic benefits. The PC Zone was not designed to eliminate zoning.
The discussion should focus on additional development on the site that
would be appropriate and consistent with the area plan and road capacity.
The economic analysis needed to return to the Council when a traffic study
and a draft of the California Avenue Area Plan were available. The Council
should make decisions based on the right design for the area. The Council
needed to return to public meetings regarding vision for areas. He rejected
further consideration of the economic benefit until those other components
were in place.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood this was the process for examining the
exchange for an exception for zoning. The California Avenue Area Plan
should be presented to the Council.
                                                                         Page 14 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/16/13
