                               MINUTES
Jason Golbus reported on his trip to Tsuchiura, Japan, including meals with
dignitaries and visits to natural and historical landmarks. The marathon was
the second largest held in Japan. He finished the marathon in 3 hours and
21 minutes.

Mayor Scharff read his letter to Tsuchiura Mayor Nakagawa.

3.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Architectural Review
     Board for One Term Ending on September 30, 2015.

4.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Planning and
     Transportation Commission for Two Terms Ending on July 31, 2017.

5.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Utilities Advisory
     Commission for Two Terms Ending on July 31, 2016.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to place on the Consent Calendar of the next Council meeting the
appointment of the incumbents (Michael Alcheck and Eduardo Martinez) for
the Planning & Transportation Commission and the Utilities Advisory
Committee (James Cook and Garth Hall), and to interview all the applicants
for the Architectural Review Board.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the Library and Community Services
Department would kick off summer at Rinconada Park and Pool on June 8, 2013.
The Biennial Citywide Yard Sale was scheduled for June 8, 2013 from 8:00 A.M. to
2:00 P.M. The Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) for the Golf Course
Reconfiguration Project was released on June 3, 2013 for review and comment.
Two public meetings would be held. The San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority issued a Notice of Preparation of the Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
for the San Francisquito Creek Flood Protection Project. A scoping meeting was
scheduled for June 6, 2013 at 7:00 P.M. Palo Alto held the largest digital civic
innovation event in America with City Camp Palo Alto the prior weekend.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Mila Zelkha, InnVision Shelter Network, was aware the Council would be
considering a proposed vehicular dwelling ban. She invited the Council to


                                                                            Page 12 of 35
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 06/03/13
