          MINUTES
regarding employee density in commercial space as it affected traffic
analysis, parking demand, and traffic demand management programs should
be addressed coherently. She also favored implementation of a business
registry as a means to track traffic and parking implications. She questioned
whether data contained in the Longitudinal Employee Household Dynamics
Program was applicable to Palo Alto.

Ms. Gitelman reported the data was specific to Palo Alto. Staff was engaged
in collecting data regarding employee density as a part of the Downtown CAP
Study.

Council Member Holman believed California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) training was necessary for the Council, Boards, and Commissions.
The 27 University Avenue Project received public scrutiny with little of it
being positive. Any project at that site should be significantly different and
presented in a transparent manner.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated the sense of community in Palo Alto was
vibrant. The Council's most impactful decision was dedicating 700 acres for
development of Stanford Research Park. The Council could review processes
to ensure transparency. She was unsure how to initiate a discussion
regarding the future of the City. An update of the Comprehensive Plan had
been delayed for various reasons; however, it should be presented without
further delay. The City's website could contain a timeline regarding the
Comprehensive Plan. Efforts to keep the community informed regarding
development decisions were important.

Council Member Price indicated the Council had a responsibility to define the
terms of engagement. Her responsibilities as a Council Member were to
represent both the current and future community. Decisions were needed
regarding housing, density, and urban design. The residential population
and the employment population would continue to grow. The questions
were the pace of growth and how to anticipate growth. She opposed a
moratorium for PC Zoning.       Greater education regarding development
standards, base zoning, and PC development was needed. She inquired
whether the next discussion would include the integration of other plans and
programs with an intensified community engagement program.

Mr. Keene reported Staff would need to compile a map of the connections of
all topics. Staff hoped to return to the Council in the first part of February
2014 with detailed recommendations. Time and intensive Staff work was
needed to organize information coherently.


                                                                         Page 17 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/02/13
