                            MINUTES
Eduardo Martinez, Planning and Transportation Commission Chairman,
reported on May 22, 2013 the P&TC heard the application for the PC at
Maybell Avenue. The Commissioners present at the meeting unanimously
supported the Project.        Commissioner Panelli suggested the P&TC
recommend reducing the number of housing units to 12 so that each lot
would be larger and two story houses could be considered. The remaining
Commissioners felt that was not the significant factor in whether to
recommend approval or denial of the Project. The P&TC supported the
Project and found that it was compatible with the Housing Element.

Council Member Burt held discussions with three members of the
neighborhood and with a representative of PAHC. Any information he
obtained in those conversations was a matter of public record.

Council Member Klein had contact with two members of the PAHC Board of
Directors and one neighbor, and received no information that was not in the
public record.

Council Member Berman spoke with numerous members of the
neighborhood and PAHC Staff, and received no information that was not
made public.

Vice Mayor Shepherd spoke with a couple of neighborhood members and
PAHC, and received no new information.

Mayor Scharff also spoke with several members of the PAHC Board of
Directors and several members of the neighborhood and the public, and
received no information which was not public.

Council Member Kniss spoke with PAHC, visited the site with three residents,
and received only public information.

Council Member Schmid met with one group from PAHC and one group from
the neighborhood. The information he received was available in the public
record.

Council Member Holman had telephone conversations with representatives
from PAHC, one PAHC Board Member, and members of the neighborhood.
All information was available in the public record.

Council Member Price had not received any new information. She lived in
Barron Park and talked with many neighbors, friends, a PAHC member, and
Staff.



                                                                        Page 22 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
