                                MINUTES
Ms. LeConge reported Staff closed the Main Library in order to sequence the
different moving activities. The temporary site opened three days after
closure of the Main Library.

Council Member Schmid understood the usage of libraries had not decreased
significantly given disruptions at four of the five libraries. When each of the
refurbished libraries opened, usage increased dramatically. Increased usage
was a positive sign that the City was proceeding in the right direction.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Kniss Absent

19.   Adoption of a Resolution Amending the 2013 Management and
      Professional Compensation Plan and Adoption of a Resolution
      Amending the Merit Rules

James Keene, City Manager, reported each year the Council adopted a
compensation plan for Management and Professional Employees.
Management and Professional Employees were unrepresented by any
bargaining unit or association. The recommendation was to modify a portion
of the Management and Professional Compensation Plan.           The City
committed to Management and Professional Employees to set aside a fund of
approximately $310,000 in order to benchmark and compare the salary
schedule with benchmark agencies around the region.           Contrary to
inaccurate reports, the recommendation was not to approve a 2 percent
raise for Management and Professional Employees. The item acknowledged
that the Fiscal Year (FY) 2014 Proposed Budget included a recommendation
for a 2 percent adjustment for the group. Salaries would change for some
employees. Staff recommended that the $310,000 amount appropriated
annually for the past five years be initiated. The salary structure was
designed to allow Staff to recruit and retain capable Staff.

Kathryn Shen, Director of Human Resources, stated the Management and
Professional Compensation Plan covered approximately 200 Full Time
Equivalent (FTE) employees. The goal was to attract and engage employees
with the right skill set and experience. Staff recommended adoption of the
amendments in order to bring current salary ranges to the median of the
market. Management and Professional Employees had not received a true
salary increase since 2008. They did receive a 3 percent salary increase in
October 2012; however, their California Public Employees' Retirement
System (CalPERS) contribution increased from 2 percent to 7-8 percent.
Other goals of the amendments were to create internal equity among
departments and between job levels, and to provide a mechanism for
employees to promote through job ranges. An independent consultant
conducted a total compensation survey. Data was collected between 2010
                                                                         Page 19 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/6/13
