                                   MINUTES
Council Member Schmid believed construction of a sidewalk should be
included in infrastructure improvements.         For the amount of money
available, rehabilitation of a building near Edgewood Plaza was logical.

Council Member Kniss felt funds should be allocated to rehabilitation of a
historic building, because the penalty was assessed for demolition of a
historic building.

Council Member Burt noted the amount of funds would not fully fund
construction of a sidewalk, and inquired about Staff's vision for funding
construction of a sidewalk.

James Keene, City Manager, reported additional funding could be provided
through Capital Improvement Program (CIP) funding. Staff could follow up
with the City of East Palo Alto regarding design and a potential contribution
toward funding. If the Council allocated the funds to construction of a
sidewalk, it would signal the Council's interest in the project.

Council Member Burt recalled Council discussion regarding the Edgewood
Plaza project. Construction of a sidewalk would be an additional step for
Edgewood Plaza becoming a better community amenity.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Shepherd to apply penalty paid for the Edgewood Plaza PC
Amendment toward the design of the sidewalk project along West Bayshore
Road.

Council Member Burt felt the funds should be directed toward the project
that provided the funds.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood the connection between the penalty and
rehabilitation of a historic resource. Yet, the amount of funding would not
provide a substantial amount of rehabilitation. The amount of funds would
provide design of a sidewalk and allow community engagement. Until the
City had a developed preservation fund, she preferred the penalty amount
be utilized in the community.

Council Member Price concurred with the logic of constructing a sidewalk
adjacent to Edgewood Plaza.         She anticipated discussion of a historic
rehabilitation or restoration fund.

Council Member Klein expressed concern that the Motion would lead to
another discussion of which building the funds should be applied to. He
would support applying funds to the Lucie Stern Community Center.
Applying funds to study the potential of a sidewalk was not logical. More

                                                                       Page 26 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 November 18, 2013
