                             MINUTES
The Council needed to know funding options before considering a public-
private partnership at Lot P.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wholeheartedly supported the trial program for
attendant parking. She asked who would be eligible for the trial program,
and why Staff chose to implement the program at Lot R.

Mr. Rodriguez chose Lot R because it was the highest demand facility in the
Downtown core. Staff proposed releasing and tracking additional permits for
Lot R until the garage was fully occupied in both regular and stacked parking
spaces. If the pilot program was not successful, then Staff would not sell
permits until the pilot program was phased out.

Vice Mayor Shepherd hoped the attendant parking would be successful and
could be extended to other garages and to short-term parking. She inquired
whether the City could apply for a One Bay Area Grant (OBAG) Program
grant for construction of the Urban Lane garage.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the City could apply for an OBAG grant in the next
cycle, which would occur in approximately 2 1/2 years. OBAG funds could
not be utilized for transit facilities.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the height of parking structures could be
increased in the future if the building height limit changed.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff could review that from an engineering
perspective.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the purpose of directing Staff to report
study findings to the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC).

Mr. Williams wanted to obtain policy input from the PTC in order to include
as many factors as possible in the analysis.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff would then consider funding strategies.

Mr. Williams stated the final report could then include some financing
mechanisms.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to: 1) return to Council in June with a review of the proposal for a private-
public parking garage on Lot P; 2) direct Staff to report the Downtown
Parking Garage and Attendant Parking Feasibility Study findings to the
Planning and Transportation Commission for recommendations for priority
                                                                           Page 15 of 20
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 5/20/13
