                        WORKING MINUTES
Mr. De Geus recognized that City funds were not committed to a program.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, explained that a specific program was not before
the Council for consideration, because it was not ready for presentation to
the Council. Staff merely provided an update regarding efforts to create a
program. The item presented to the Council for action was the Policy and
Services Committee's recommendation for an Ordinance with respect to
community center hours.

Lynn Huideloper inquired whether vehicle dwellers would have to leave the
Cubberley campus when it closed.

Ms. Stump reported the closure applied to the entire facility.

Ms. Huideloper stated the Council had not provided an alternate location for
the homeless population. She suggested extending the shower facilities to
the end of September 2013, until the Task Force could provide alternatives.

Norman Carroll suggested the City implement a HOT Team.

Katie Fantin, Vineyard Christian Fellowship of the Peninsula, acknowledged
safety and facility issues at Cubberley. She did not support the proposed
Ordinance, but respected the rights of the neighborhood residents. She
requested the Council consider other options.

Cybele requested the Council think about other options.

Carolyn Dobervich asked the Council to adopt the proposed Ordinance. More
or better options were not likely to occur until Cubberley was returned to a
community center.

Maryanne Deierlein encouraged the Council to support the proposed
Ordinance and to continue with approaches to positively impact the
homeless.

Stephanie Munoz recalled Council Member Klein's comments at the prior
meeting, and referenced the meaning of de jure versus de facto. She asked
who would monitor homeless individuals on the Cubberley campus when the
campus was open.

Aram James stated the community included unhoused people. It was
illogical to impose a punishment prior to implementing services. He wanted
the Council to implement a program at Cubberley similar to the one in Santa
Barbara. The unhoused population was not represented on the Task Force.
                                                                             Page 14 of 24
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                          Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
