                             MINUTES
Jerry Underdal supported Measure D. He hoped the No on D Campaign
would accept the outcome of the election and move on, should residents
support Measure D.

Cindy Hendrickson, Supervising Deputy District Attorney for Palo Alto and
the northern section of Santa Clara County, reported the Palo Alto Police
Department was active in a new program to refer criminal offenders to
mental health and substance abuse services.

Paul Taylor, CEO of Momentum for Mental Health, thanked Council Members
for their community service. He was concerned about the homeless issue
and Measure D, and saddened by the need for the City to spend $500,000
for an election. Some of the remarks made to the Council were extremely
offensive, if not libelous.

Stephanie Munoz felt giving away the right to park on City streets to a
private developer was wrong. She suggested the Council postpone in-lieu
fees for small developers who would be impacted by the change in parking
exemptions. If Measure D was approved, then the Council should not sell
the remaining half of the property. Land would be needed for future uses.

Mayor Scharff requested the City Manager comment on whether the City was
considering selling land at Cubberley Community Center.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the City was not considering selling
land at Cubberley Community Center. The City was retaining land as much
as possible and continued to lease other space from the Palo Alto Unified
School District.

Trina Lovercheck believed approval of Measure D was good urban planning.
Studies indicated that senior residents would have little traffic impact to the
area.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to approve the minutes of September 16 and September 23, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Price Absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-3.
                                                                          Page 3 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/28/13
