                               MINUTES

Andrew Vought wanted to implement the program and requested the Council
adopt the trial program.

Vanessa Belland requested the Council implement the trial program as it
would assist the neighborhood residents.

Glenn R. Campbell indicated the people parking in Crescent Park could not
afford to park elsewhere. The owners of the apartment complexes should be
required to provide adequate parking.

Rob Zucker suggested the City stripe the streets for parking and add parking
to a portion of Woodland Drive. This would allow more cars to park along
the streets. Charging for overnight parking permits was not right.

Gioia Zucchero stated many of the people parking on neighborhood streets
worked in Palo Alto. She requested the Council work with the City of East
Palo Alto to find a better solution.

Jane Kershner encouraged the Council to approve the trial parking program.
Neighborhood residents needed relief now.

Stephanie Munoz related a parking program utilized by the City of San
Francisco. She suggested photographs of license plates be collected for use
in investigating crimes. Shuttles could be used for Crescent Park residents
to park in East Palo Alto.

Sarah Sans supported the trial program, but hoped it would not push
parking to her home.

Jeff Levinsky objected to the requirement of 70 percent of residents on a
block support the program. A better requirement would be 51 percent of
residents.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff fully understood the reasons for
the increase in the number of vehicles parked on the street in Crescent Park.

Mr. Rodriquez reported that Equity Partners' purchase of the apartment
complexes and subsequent increased rental of apartments resulted in the
parking congestion in Crescent Park.

Council Member Klein asked if the number of rental units increased.


                                                                         Page 5 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 8/12/13
