                    MINUTES
Council Member Holman expressed interest in working with Stanford, Menlo
Park, Mountain View, and East Palo Alto. A business registry would be
helpful in providing information about employees within Palo Alto and in
tracking utilization of a TDM Program.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the three speakers implemented
high-density solutions in low-density areas with respect to transportation.
Contra Costa Centre, Google, and Stanford built density that enhanced the
value of the business. He expected the three areas were 12-hour spaces,
with little going on after business hours. Palo Alto was in a transitional
mode as it built density and moved toward larger enterprises. Palo Alto
could go in two different ways. One way was larger, enhanced businesses
with fewer mixed-use areas. If the City fostered concentrated, high-value
businesses as opposed to mixed use, then Downtown would suffer from less
mixed use.

Mayor Scharff indicated the City could implement a pilot program or a TMA
in Downtown, California Avenue, Stanford Research Park, or East Meadow
Circle. Each area could be an individual TMA, or there could be a Citywide
TMA.    He inquired whether Stanford had a TDM Program at Stanford
Research Park.

Mr. Hamilton reported one Stanford staff member provided assistance to
employers in Stanford Research Park regarding transit, commute planning,
and shuttle information.

Mayor Scharff requested suggestions for how the City could proceed with a
TDM Program.

Mr. Mathy suggested the City utilize a parent TMA for the entire City with
sub-TMAs for each district. The parent TMA could govern all districts with
smaller TMAs working directly on TDM Programs.

Ms. Tanner-Busby concurred because of the different sizes of businesses in
each area.

Mayor Scharff inquired about a method for obtaining good data.

Mr. Mathy explained that Google plotted each employee's home location and
BART, Caltrain, park and ride lots, churches, and schools to create park and
ride lots, bus routes, and routes to BART and Caltrain. That information
allowed routes to be specific to target populations. Because of Google's
badging system, he could determine trends with respect to employee arrival
and departure times.
                                                                       Page 10 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/9/13
