                                MINUTES

Council Member Burt suggested Staff identify locations for senior housing
near amenities and transit and evaluate the possibility of locating affordable
housing in the California Avenue area. The current project with changes was
more compatible with the neighborhood and offered fewer traffic impacts
than a potential project under existing zoning. The PC process worked in
this instance to provide a better outcome for neighbors.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted that the site would revert to market rate homes
if the PAHC project was lost. She was satisfied with the removal of
driveways from Maybell Avenue. She inquired whether a height limit of
32 1/2 feet would allow a third story for the single family homes.

Mayor Scharff intended to permit three stories for homes along Clemo
Avenue.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted to review the Arastradero Road project in
relation to traffic.

Council Member Berman believed the project was better with the proposed
changes, and that the compromise addressed concerns while maintaining a
financially viable project. The project's impact on the neighborhood was less
than a potential project under existing zoning. He concurred with the
suggestion for the City to discuss traffic calming with PAUSD.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to change Number 4 of the Motion to
“Improve the street facing elevations of all single family units by varying
setbacks and architectural styles of units along Maybell and Clemo; to
strengthen and refine the design features, roof lines and landscaping of all
housing units on the entire site; to provide shuttle services for senior
housing residents”

Council Member Kniss felt a variance of architectural styles was inherent
with varying setbacks and blending with the neighborhood.

Council Member Price noted the homes were eclectic in housing styles and
lot sizes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to eliminate the two electric vehicle charging
stations from the site and with equivalent funding from applicant, direct
Staff to work with the community to find a suitable alternative location in the
neighborhood.
                                                                           Page 17 of 22
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes June 17, 2013
