                              MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:00 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
             Shepherd

Absent:

Mayor Scharff reported meetings extending beyond 11:00 P.M. deprived the
public of the ability to participate and were difficult for Staff, Council
Members, and the public. Council protocols required efforts be made to end
meetings before 11:00 P.M. Absent extraordinary circumstances, Council
meetings would end before 11:00 P.M. Beginning with the meeting on
January 22, 2013, all Council Agendas would indicate the amount of time
allocated to each Item. Vice Mayor Shepherd would provide updates on
progress throughout the meeting. Each Council Member was encouraged to
support efficient use of public meetings. He requested Council Members
submit questions regarding Agenda Items in writing to Staff by 9:00 A.M. on
the day of the meeting. Staff would respond by 3:00 P.M. the same day.
Questions could be submitted after 9:00 A.M.; however, Staff would
appreciate receiving them by 9:00 A.M. He requested Council Members stay
on topic, and limit questions and comments to 5 minutes on a self-policing
basis. He would use his discretion to limit questions to one round rather
than multiple rounds. By 10:00 P.M., he would announce any Item that
would be rescheduled or continued. He would appreciate Council Members
notifying Staff by 9:00 A.M. Monday morning if they were removing an Item
from the Agenda.         Staff would shorten presentations and provide
recommended Motions in the Staff Report when possible. Vice Mayor
Shepherd would track the amount of time each Council Member used for
remarks for the Mayor's use only. If necessary, he would ask Council
Members to conclude their remarks.

James Keene, City Manager indicated Staff's goal was to respond to Council
Member questions by noon rather than 3:00 P.M. If Staff received Council
Member questions Sunday night, they could respond earlier in the morning.

Council Member Kniss announced that she would be leaving the Council
meeting at 10:00 P.M.

Council Member Klein supported Mayor Scharff's comments. He and Council
Member Price were preparing a Colleagues Memo for the following week's
Agenda on the topic. Questions posed in open session were useful for the
public's understanding of issues.

01-14-2013                                                        112- 170
