                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt stated approximately half of the Liaisons under Tier 2
in Attachment B were appointed by the Mayor. The language indicated may
be selected by those other than the Mayor. He assumed that language was
not necessary.

Mayor Scharff understood Council Member Burt to be stating                          an
inconsistency. "By those other than the Mayor" should be deleted.

Council Member Burt believed         "and   Council   Members    may        vie     for
appointments" was not relevant.

Council Member Kniss explained some positions were competitive. For
instance, a Liaison serving on the Santa Clara County Cities Association
could also run for an office within that agency. The intent was clear even if
the Council altered the language somewhat.

Council Member Burt inquired which elements under Tier 2 in Subsection H
applied only to competitive positions as opposed to all positions under Tier 2.

Council Member Kniss requested Council Member Burt clarify his question.

Council Member Burt stated Subsection H provided a description of the
Council Member role and expectations for Tier 2 positions. Tier 2 included
positions that were competitive as well as non-competitive. He asked if
there was something under Tier 2 in Subsection H that only applied to
competitive positions.

Ms. Tucker explained the additional detail to the Tier 2 level was an attempt
to support the recommendations related to expectations for meeting
attendance. If a Liaison had predictable involvement, then the Council
would expect the Liaison to attend more frequently.

Council Member Burt asked if that applied to all Tier 2 Liaisons.

Ms. Tucker answered yes.

Council Member Burt indicated all Liaison positions at the regional, county,
state and federal levels were in Tier 2.

Ms. Tucker suggested simplifying the language by stating Tier 1 was the City
level; Tier 2 the county, state, and federal levels; and Tier 3 CBOs.

Mayor Scharff agreed that would be simpler to understand.

                                                                             Page 9 of 18
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/15/13
