                                MINUTES

Mr. Keene recommended from March 20, 2013 to early April to be
considered for the follow-up retreat.

Council Member Kniss believed it was commendable to consider a follow-up
retreat; although, her understanding was the venue was to discuss whether
the priorities had been accomplished.

Council Member Burt clarified the follow-up retreat was intended to discuss
in greater detail the action items in the context of the priorities having been
adopted during the retreat on February 2, 2013.

Council Member Klein agreed the initial retreat did not have ample time to
cover in-depth detail of each action step necessary for each priority.

Council Member Kniss asked if the follow-up retreat was an extension of the
retreat.

Council Member Klein stated it was.

Council Member Kniss supported the concept and was hopeful to accomplish
the follow-up tasks in three hours’ time.

Council Member Klein noted the timeframe had not been discussed as of yet.

Council Member Kniss suggested the possibility of the follow-up retreat being
an evening meeting rather than a Saturday.

Mayor Scharff recommended the City Clerk would poll the Council for
available dates and times.

Council Member Kniss supported the follow-up retreat if the possibility was
for it to not be held on a weekend.

Council Member Klein noted in 2012 there were four retreats and he recalled
three of them were evening meetings. He supported an evening meeting for
the follow-up retreat.

Council Member Burt was not opposed to the possibility; although, he did
not wish to preclude a Saturday retreat. He suggested waiting until the end
of the current retreat to determine the need for the follow-up.

Council Member Schmid asked for clarification on Item Number 4 for the
proposed agenda. He believed the follow-up session would be on Item
                                                                         Page 13 of 17
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
