                  WORKING MINUTES

Council Member Price believed traditional means of providing input would
also need to be utilized.    She asked which Department would hold
community meetings.

Ms. Keith stated flyers could be provided for community members to write
their comments. Staff could attend meetings of neighborhood groups to ask
about Core Values. Staff who regularly participated in community outreach
would be involved.

Mr. Keene indicated familiarity and skill in civic engagement was a quasi job
requirement for all Staff. This was an opportunity to expose a range of Staff
to community engagement. Staff wished to provide efficient methods for
community participation while allowing all Staff to participate in community
engagement.

Council Member Price agreed with the concept; however, the strategy
seemed amorphous. The quality of feedback depended on the quality of
interview questions. She inquired whether Staff would hold a second round
of discussions to refine the experience.

Mr. Keene reported Staff discussed sharing with the Council approaches to
frame the strategy. Story pieces and preambles would be necessary to
achieve the best input. Ultimately, the Council would have to exert editorial
control. The conversation itself would provide as much value as the end
product; however, the questions should shape the conversation.

Ms. Keith noted other cities provided parameters for discussion when
utilizing Open City Hall.

Council Member Holman concurred the Council did not have a foundational
statement or purpose for Core Values. She questioned the intention of
collecting Core Values and how to measure and evaluate input.        She
supported the idea of engaging the community with respect to Core Values;
however, she was uncertain if the process would have meaning. If the
Council did not establish a definition for Core Values, face-to-face
community input and outreach should be included.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include direct solicitation to community groups,
a form on the website, and face-to-face community outreach.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff knew of a reason not to include the
language.
                                                                            Page 20 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
