                             MINUTES
Mr. Williams indicated Staff was cognizant of issues related to access to the
Project.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the concept for the parking garage included a
secondary access point from the ground floor to the aisle.           During
construction, those sites would have minimal access; however, Staff had not
developed any construction staging plans.

Council Member Klein requested occupancy figures for Downtown garages on
nights and weekends.

Mr. Rodriguez did not have the specific data with him, but would provide it.
Lots P and R during the evening hours were full.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Lot R was also filled on Friday night.

Mr. Rodriguez reported both garages experienced occupancy greater than 90
percent.

Council Member Klein asked if other garages were filled on nights and
weekends.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the west end of Downtown experienced the most
congestion during evening hours.

Council Member Klein inquired about Staff's valuation of the right to have
two floors in public use on nights and weekends.

Mr. Williams considered everything from 25-100 percent and chose 50
percent. There was value in having those spaces available.

Council Member Klein calculated the developer would have use of the two
floors for parking approximately 50 hours per week, while the City would
have use of the two floors for approximately 10 hours per week. Staff's use
of 50 percent was too high. He inquired whether Staff considered hiring a
professional appraiser to advise with respect to the correct ratio.

Mr. Williams felt the situation was more of a policy value of the parking
spaces than economic value.

Council Member Klein noted the chart in the Staff Report indicated almost
half of the value of a parking garage for the City was the evening and
weekend space component.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to refer issue of circulation
                                                                         Page 12 of 33
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/10/13
