                              MINUTES

Maureen McNally supported adoption of the proposed Ordinance after long
deliberation.

Mark Dobervich believed vehicle habitation Ordinances in surrounding cities
increased the number of vehicle dwellers in Palo Alto. He was disappointed
the City did not have a homeless camping program.           The proposed
Ordinance was a necessary first step to restore balance.

Carolyn Dobervich hoped the Council intended to protect residents from a
deluge of vehicle dwellers.

Penny Ellson supported the proposed Ordinance, because it would be a tool
to initiate a conversation.

Zachi Baharav    provided   photographs   of   vehicle   dwellers      located       at
Cubberley.

Dennis Upton suggested citations be issued under existing Ordinances rather
than adopting the proposed Ordinance.

Andy Burnham opposed the proposed Ordinance.         Enforcement of existing
laws was preferable to enacting new laws.

Mila Zelkha, InnVision Shelter Network, believed at times sheltering in a
vehicle was safer than sheltering on the street. InnVision was concerned
that the proposed Ordinance would disperse the homeless population
without engagement.

Faith Brijid supported the proposed Ordinance. Most vehicle dwellers were
not criminals.

Rebecca White indicated the situation at Cubberley was getting worse.

Jerry Dischler supported the proposed Ordinance as a means to help the
homeless and keep residents safe.

Ganesh supported the proposed Ordinance, and requested the Council
continue to assist and engage the homeless population.

Steve Wardlaw felt the purpose of the proposed Ordinance was to help
vehicle dwellers obtain needed services and to protect residents.

Chris Bergquist supported the proposed Ordinance.
                                                                            Page 11 of 18
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
