                                MINUTES
President Obama's budget for the prior year recommended capping the
deduction for tax-exempt bonds at 28 percent, and that could be included in
his current year proposed budget. Public interest groups were opposed to
that option. The City's letter provided specific information regarding projects
that would be affected by loss of the tax-exempt status.

Council Member Berman believed local municipalities would be hurt by the
loss of tax-free status, not the wealthy.

Council Member Klein requested an explanation of capping the deduction for
tax-exempt bonds at 28 percent.

Mr. Young explained that the proposal would decrease the amount of
interest earned from bonds that could be written off. A person in the top tax
bracket currently could write off 35 percent of interest earned. The proposal
would reduce the amount to 28 percent.             Elimination of tax-exempt
financing was being discussed, but he did not feel that was realistic.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the Senate budget resolution
included this issue.

Mr. Young answered yes. Tax-exempt bonds were cited as a means to limit
deductions for high-wage earners.

Mr. Palmer stated the Senate budget resolution was not focused on
municipal bonds. There were no specific numbers, just the idea that wealthy
people should not be allowed to deduct this type of interest.

Council Member Holman requested an update regarding the Post Office
Building.

Mr. Palmer reported United States Postal Service (USPS) staff expected the
process to be ready in 60-90 days, but details were sketchy.

James Keene, City Manager, announced Staff would present an updated
report and analysis regarding the Post Office Building in late April or early
May 2013.

Mr. Young explained covenants for historic preservation seemed to be
slowing the process. Those covenants had to be coordinated with the
State's Historic Preservation Office.



04/01/2013                                                           112- 446
