                              MINUTES
majority and at $200 a year for a majority. The baseline survey indicated a
ballot measure to fund a Public Safety Building was not likely to receive a
two-thirds vote. If the popular fire stations were bundled with a Public Safety
Building, then the bundle could pass. The Committee wished to further study
the potential to pass a bond measure to fund either the fire stations and the
Public Safety Building in its entirety or the fire stations and the portion of the
Public Safety Building not funded by the Jay Paul Company Project. Sales
Tax, currently at 8.75 percent, provided 15 percent of General Fund
revenues. Palo Alto received 1 percent of the 8.75 percent. Because of the
local cap, the City could increase the Sales Tax at most 0.75 percent. The
Committee wanted to study an increase of one-eighth cent. The polling firm
recommended consideration of a one-quarter cent increase as well. A one-
eighth cent increase could generate $36.4 million in COPs. The baseline
survey indicated relatively low support for a Sales Tax increase, which was
probably influenced by the wording of the questions as well as the lack of any
increment associated with the increase.          With respect to COPs, it was
important to remember the economic sensitivity of revenue streams.

David Metz, Principal and President of Fairbank, Maslin, Maullin, Metz &
Associates, reported that, pursuant to the direction from the Committee, he
developed a plan for a sequence of two surveys to shed further light on each
of the five revenue options. The first survey in November 2013 would test all
five measures in the context of fully developed ballot language, modeling the
75 words that voters would see on the ballot. The use of ballot language had
proven to be the best indicator of levels of support and was not tested in the
first survey. For some funding measures, not having that language may have
understated the level of support those measures might receive. The survey
would also test brief pro and con arguments for each funding mechanism and
would explore some structural elements, such as rates for the TOT and Sales
Tax. Based on results of the November survey, he expected to return to the
Committee with recommendations regarding which measures seemed clearly
feasible, which seemed unlikely to achieve sufficient voter support, and which
potentially fell into a gray area. Given further exploration of the pro and con
arguments, those measures within the gray area might have sufficient
support to succeed on the 2014 ballot. At that point, he would solicit further
direction from the Committee in terms of which measures it wanted to see
explored in more detail. A third poll would occur immediately after the new
year to explore those one or two items in more detail and answer any
remaining questions about how to proceed. That second survey would test
interaction with a potential Utility User Tax modernization measure.
Historically those measures achieved very high levels of support at the ballot.
If a Utility User Tax measure shared space with a revenue measure, he
wanted to understand the levels of support each measure received in the
context of one another and the impact of having them on the same ballot.
                                                                           Page 7 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/28/13
