                             MINUTES
spaces. Lots E and G combined would yield 181 parking spaces for a total of
268 parking spaces. Lot O would yield an additional 145 spaces for a total
of 223 spaces. Lot P would yield an additional 89 spaces for a total of 140
spaces. Lot UL would yield an additional 314 spaces for a total of 478
spaces. The consultant suggested providing preferential parking spaces for
low-emission fuel-efficient vehicles, and Staff would consider that suggestion
in future construction of parking garages. The Urban Lane lot was the only
site technically outside the Downtown core, and further work at the site
would require discussions with University Staff because it could change the
lease agreements between Samtrans and the University. The ground floor
of the Urban Lane site would be an extension of the existing transit mall and
would provide an additional 15 transit bays. Stacked parking was an
attendant parking program for permit parking spaces. The attendant would
guide a motorist to an aisle parking space, and take the keys from the
motorist once the vehicle was parked.           As permitted spaces became
available, the attendant would move the vehicle to a permitted space. At
the end of the day, the motorist would take the keys from the attendant and
drive his vehicle away. Staff considered stacked parking for the Civic Center
Parking Garage, Lot R, Lot S, and the Cowper/Webster Street Garage,
because those sites could provide an average of 50 additional permit parking
spaces each with stacked parking. The study was not complete in that it did
not contain cost details for construction of parking structures. Staff could
provide a final report by the end of the summer for the overall project. Staff
recommended they return in June 2013 with details of a proposal for a
public-private partnership to build a parking structure at Lot P; and the
Council direct Staff to develop a Request for Proposals (RFP) to implement
stacked parking as a trial program at Lot R. Costs for the trial program
would be borne by the Parking Permit Program.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, added
that none of the parking garages were proposed at a height over 50 feet.
The uppermost height included the elevator shaft.

Stephanie Munoz suggested new parking structures be utilized to house
refugees from an earthquake; have street-level shop windows; and be
utilized for homeless people living in their vehicles.

Faith Bell noted the majority of parking spaces in the garages for which the
Parking Assessment District paid were utilized for permit parking. Members
of the Parking Assessment District reasonably assumed that parking
structures would be worth the financial outlay because customers would
park there. The number of spaces for customers was being eroded. Lot P,
with the alley surrounding it, was not wide enough to handle delivery trucks.

                                                                           Page 10 of 20
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 5/20/13
