                                MINUTES
14.   Approval of the 2013 Federal and State Legislative Program.

Sheila Tucker, Assistant to the City Manager, stated in February 2013 the
Policy and Services Committee reviewed the Legislative Action Manual and
the Federal and State Legislative Program, and voted unanimously to
recommend approval.

Steve Palmer, Van Scoyoc Associates, reported there was more Federal
legislative activity in the prior three months than in a number of years. The
fiscal cliff legislation was enacted early in the year. Sequestration went into
effect on March 1, 2013. The Appropriations Bill was signed into law in
March 2013 for full-year appropriations. Both the House of Representatives
(House) and Senate passed budget resolutions.              The House budget
resolution proposed balancing the Federal budget in ten years and making
substantial reductions in entitlement programs.           The Senate budget
resolution proposed raising approximately $1 trillion in revenue over ten
years, did not balance the budget, and did not significantly change
entitlement programs. Between now and the end of the summer, there
would be opportunities for immigration reform, gun control, a debt ceiling
increase, and tax reform.

Thane Young, Van Scoyoc Associates, noted Vice Mayor Shepherd, Council
Member Klein, and Council Member Kniss visited Washington, D.C., during
the National League of Cities conference. He arranged meetings for them
with Congressional members and federal agencies regarding the future of
tax-exempt financing, the flood control project along San Francisquito Creek,
High Speed Rail (HSR), the potential acquisition of the Post Office Building,
and fiber to the premises.

Ms. Tucker indicated Democrats gained a super majority in the California
Senate and Assembly. Serious discussions were underway regarding a
measure for the November 2014 ballot to reduce the voter threshold. Staff
met with Assemblyman Gordon before the legislative calendar for new bills
closed, and began advocacy efforts with his office. Staff was monitoring
legislation regarding California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) reforms,
prevailing wage, plastic bags, HSR, lowering of the voter threshold, and
clarifications of California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS)
pension reforms.

Council Member Kniss reported sequestration resulted in the closing of
several public buildings. The visit with Post Office officials was interesting
and helpful. Suggestions were made that the City have a state lobbyist.



04/01/2013                                                           112- 444
