also formed a new, four-member Infrastructure Committee that will meet
throughout the year to help guide the process. Opinion research is set to
kick off this spring along with a robust community outreach and engagement
campaign to build awareness of the City’s infrastructure needs and identify
community priorities.

We expect that our Infrastructure Initiative (let’s call it our Capital
Investment Plan for a Better Future) will catch up on the deferrals of our
past, keep pace with the demands of today, and invest in our future. A
number of significant infrastructure projects have also recently been
completed, or are underway and I will highlight a few of them. We are not
waiting for the future to make progress as this is the Year of the Future and
the Future is now.

Street Resurfacing
The biggest complaint I hear from our citizens is the state of our sidewalks
and streets. In fact, in our annual citizen survey, concern about our street
and sidewalk conditions ranks near the top of community concerns. Given
their importance, the City Council more than doubled the annual budget for
street resurfacing from $1.8 million to $3.8 million beginning in FY 2011. In
the three years since the budget increase, staff has also obtained $2.6
million in grants that have been used to improve our street conditions.

I am very pleased to tell you that street conditions have improved and are
continuing to improve. Streets are rated using the Pavement Condition
Index, or PCI. These scores range from a poor condition, less than 50, to
very good or excellent condition, greater than 80. Palo Alto’s goal is to raise
its PCI to an average of 85 in 10 years with no street having a PCI score
below 60. In 2012, 22 lane-miles of streets were resurfaced, improving the
City average PCI to a score of 77. Additional resurfacing work in 2013 will
continue to improve the PCI score. Further, City staff is looking at how to
reach our ten-year goal sooner.

Art Center Renovation
I had the privilege of cutting the ribbon for the re-opening of the remodeled
Palo Alto Art Center and it looks fantastic. With more than $1.8M in financial
support from the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation, and $3M from City funds,
the entire Art Center was renovated to provide a safer, more comfortable,
and more aesthetically pleasing space for classes, galleries, and other art
experiences for adults and children. The Center re-opened to the public on
October 6, 2012 with all-day festivities that served more than 2,000
community members and it was a lot of fun.




                                      7
