                               MINUTES

Craig Lewis, Clean Coalition Executive Director, encouraged the Council to
support EV charging. By utilizing EVs, the City's carbon free achievement
extended into the transportation sector. He urged the Council to consider
ways to ensure EV chargers were included in commercial and public spaces.

Mayor Scharff noted one of the Council's core principles was environmental
sustainability. Finding a charging station in Palo Alto was difficult. The
Council needed to identify and remove the obstacles of charging and owning
EVs. Charging stations should be convenient, easy and economical. The
purpose of the Colleague's Memorandum was to review permitting and
residential charging stations. The cost of wiring new construction single-
family homes was $100-$150; whereas, the cost of retrofitting was
considerably more expensive. The Council should require wiring for charging
stations in new residential construction. The Policy and Services Committee
should review a requirement for multi-family housing, because of the
complexity of the issue.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd to
direct Staff to: 1) review the Electric Vehicle (EV) permit process, and
procedures for station installations to streamline the process and ensure that
it is customer friendly; 2) adopt code changes requiring that all new
construction of single family housing install the necessary circuitry for EV
chargers to come back to the Policy and Services Committee; 3) consider
ways to encourage and support EV use in the City of Palo Alto and the Bay
Area including the following concepts and return to the Policy and Services
Committee with recommendations to ensure that Palo Alto is one of the most
EV friendly Cities in America; 4) additional suggested recommendations
might include: a) ensuring that all new Hotels are required to install EV
charging stations and to the extent feasible that all existing hotels are
required to install EV charging stations, b) that staff review the permitting
fee structure for EV charging equipment to reduce costs, or develop cost
incentives for the permits in such a way that it is streamlined and efficient;
and 5) announce at the EV celebration to be hosted at Palo Alto City Hall on
September 25, 2013, that Palo Alto will be a leader in the nation in the
installation of EV stations by mandating that all new housing units be
required to install the necessary rough in circuitry.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the City's Ordinances did not provide
incentives for these types of installations.      Prewiring a home was
inexpensive. The industry was discussing the loss of gas tax revenue due to
EV use.


                                                                         Page 9 of 13
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/23/13
