                               MINUTES

Vice Mayor Shepherd agreed that legislation was the only method to effect
change.

Council Member Klein requested an update on the ongoing vesting issue.

Ms. Stump reported the vesting rules were set by the California Supreme
Court in the 1930s and 1940s. Those decisions were not appropriate for the
current types of pension programs and labor relation programs. The City of
San Jose was pursuing litigation that could raise these issues. Under
Measure B, San Jose implemented a lower pension tier and required current
employees to pay up to half of the full cost of pensions. If employees did
not wish to pay the increased pension cost, then they could participate in a
lower pension tier prospectively. The litigation concerned whether the
pension cost option violated vesting rights. Because the City was a CalPERS
agency, it would need CalPERS to provide options.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add: 3) to direct Staff to write CalPERS to
confirm our understanding of how regulations will apply to Palo Alto
regarding the definition of income and advise CalPERS of our opposition to
their present interpretation as we understand it, and to send copies of our
correspondence to Legislators.

Council Member Klein did not oppose part 2 of the Motion, but felt it was
innocuous. The primary benefit of the discussion was an education for the
Council and the public. The City could achieve significant savings only
through healthcare benefit costs.

Mr. Keene felt the way PEPRA legislation was explained or described was
disingenuous. Pursuit of legislative change was necessary to highlight the
provisions and lack of provisions in PEPRA.

Council Member Kniss noted Measure B in San Jose resulted in staff leaving
and poor staff morale. Smoothing was an important aspect of how CalPERS
operated. Healthcare coverage was important to employees. CalPERS
meetings were open to the public. She requested Staff discuss smoothing.

Mr. Perez reported the CalPERS Chief Actuarial Officer was considering
taking to the CalPERS Board a recommendation to remove the five-year
smoothing. CalPERS smoothed a significant event, typically a downturn,
over a five-year window. The estimated impact for Palo Alto was 1.5
percent of payroll for five years. A negative return would be reflected in the

                                                                        Page 16 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                             Minutes:
