                             MINUTES
improving infrastructure. Work to be done over the next nine months
included starting the RFP process, awarding a consultant contract,
performing the environmental review and awarding a contract to a vendor.
The timeline called for issuance of an RFP in December 2013 and completion
of the entire process in December 2014.

Jonathan Reichenthal, Chief Information Officer, explained that the definition
of wireless included Wi-Fi, cellular and radio technologies. The Master Plan
would seek opportunities to incorporate Wi-Fi in different areas of the City.
As the Master Plan progressed, Staff would explore other areas such as
enhanced wireless for public safety and support of a smart grid. Work would
begin immediately to prepare an RFP to seek a consulting firm with a
contract being awarded in the first part of 2014. Staff would return to the
Council with a selection of options and advantages towards the end of 2014.
Staff received a number of applications for the Citizens' Advisory Committee
and intended to name Committee members in November 2013.

James Keene, City Manager, reiterated the Committee's recommendation.
The timeline to award a provider vendor contract for both FTTP and wireless
in one year was ambitious.

Jeff Hoel felt Staff's plan for proceeding with FTTP was misguided. Wireless
should not be considered until the FTTP network was designed. FTTP and
not wireless could be used for economic development and telecommuting.
The number and details of resident connections should be provided to the
consultant. The public should be allowed to comment on the type of
architecture.

Robert Moss agreed that an FTTP network was needed. He estimated fiber
could be extended to 100-home nodes at a cost of $10 million to $12 million.
An FTTP network could benefit telecommuters, schools, and physicians.

Herb Borock indicated an Advisory Committee recommendation for
architecture should be presented to the Council for public comment and
Council discussion. The Council should provide direction before an RFP was
released to seek a vendor for the Master Plan. A third-party should not build
and operate an FTTP network. The Council should make the decisions at
each step of the process.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to direct Staff to:

   1. Develop a Fiber-to-the-Premise Master Plan and conduct a request for
      proposals to build out the existing dark fiber optic backbone system in
                                                                        Page 24 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/28/13
