                    MINUTES
and the City of Santa Monica. Recurring themes in the discussion were
participant location and incentives, accountability, goals, and economics.

Herb Borock remarked that a TDM Program should relate to policies and
programs contained in the Comprehensive Plan, which was under discussion.
Free parking in neighborhoods was an incentive not to take transit or park in
commercial areas. An RPP Program would provide an incentive to implement
TDM Programs.

Stephanie Munoz did not favor the Council granting parking exemptions for
developments. Every development should be fully parked.

James Keene, City Manager, believed the main problem with traffic was too
many cars. The simple thing to think about was fewer cars, certainly fewer
single-occupant vehicles. Palo Alto was experiencing growth as a result of a
strong economy and building demographic changes occurring over
generations. Two-income families were comprised typically of two or more
working and driving people in a household. Staff was in the process of
redesigning and improving the transit system. The answer would come in
how the Council experimented with altering behavior and maximizing
existing infrastructure. The Council had to make both system changes and
individual and communal behavioral changes. Staff would present to the
Council a Go Pass Program for review and action. Also Staff would present a
pilot program regarding a mobile app to crowd source ride sharing. Part of
starting small was a willingness to experiment and modify projects if they
did not work.

No Action Taken

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to pull Agenda Item Number 7: “Approval of Contract Number C14152214
in the Amount of $2,000,000 with Toubar Equipment Company Inc. for Soil
Brokering and Closure Maintenance Assistance Services at the Palo Alto
Landfill and Adoption of a Resolution Approving the Third Amendment of
Lease PRC 7348.9 with the California State Lands Commission for Additional
Use of Lands Claimed by the State”, per Staff request to be scheduled to a
date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0



                                                                        Page 12 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
