                              MINUTES
Post Office building at 380 Hamilton Avenue, as soon as the Post Office lists
the U.S. Post Office Building for sale, and according to the parameters
discussed in the Closed Session; and 2) direct Staff to represent to USPS the
City’s willingness to accept the responsibility to hold the historic covenant to
assure the historic integrity of the structure is protected.

Vice Mayor Shepherd agreed with public comment. The positive financial
analysis made the purchase an interesting proposition.

Council Member Kniss stated the Council's intent was to own the building;
however, the challenge was other entities' interest in the building. The
Council could not guarantee the City would own the building.

Council Member Schmid assumed the post office would be located in the
lobby, and inquired whether that would allow public access to the remainder
of the building.

Mr. Williams reported the lobby area alone was not large enough for USPS
requirements. However, Staff was working to accommodate both the post
office and City departments in the building.

James Keene, City Manager, believed providing space for a post office would
be part of a competitive bid package.

Council Member Schmid noted one of the possibilities was vacating some
space in City Hall and having other private parties in City Hall. He asked if
remodeling the first floor of City Hall was consistent with needed options.

Mr. Keene stated the City had a range of options. One consideration was
moving City offices back into City Hall so that lease costs could be reduced.

Council Member Schmid indicated remodeling the first floor of City Hall
would turn office space into public space, and inquired whether Staff could
be moved to make needed changes.

Mr. Keene reported Staff continued to work on the possibility of the Post
Office Building housing the Development Center, other City offices, and the
Post Office. Staff would report to the Council regarding the best use of
space in order to realize savings.

Council Member Holman inquired about the lack of the Historic Structures
Report (HSR).


                                                                              Page 8 of 20
                                                              Special City Council Meeting
                                                                         Minutes: 5/20/13
