                           FINAL ACTION
The Architectural Review Board (ARB) described ongoing efforts to address
the April 15, 2013 Council Colleagues Memo requesting Staff, ARB and the
Planning and Transportation Commission review sidewalk widths with a focus
on the El Camino Real and the Grand Boulevard plans then return to Council
with suggested Zoning Amendments. ARB Members noted that addressing
the sidewalk width alone would not solve the issues on El Camino Real, that
there were use-issues and a need for the City develop its own sense of the
zone and an approach to Caltrans. Council Members discussed setbacks, the
importance of creating a welcoming nature in buildings, and building height,
among other topics.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.   Proclamation Expressing Appreciation to Michael Closson Upon his
     Retirement from Acterra.

5.   Proclamation Celebrating the 50th Anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther
     King Jr's “I Have a Dream Speech.”

6.   Presentation of Automated External Defibrillators Purchased With City
     Council Contingency Funds.

7.   Appointment to the Architectural Review Board for One Unexpired
     Term Ending on September 30, 2015.

City Clerk, Donna Grider announced that Robert Gooyer with five votes was
selected to serve an unexpired term ending on September 30, 2015.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to refer Agenda Item Number 17 “Adoption of Ordinance for a New
Chapter 18.15 (Residential Density Bonus) to Include in Title 18 of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code to Implement Government Code Section 65915” to the
Regional Housing Mandate Committee. Furthermore, to continue Agenda
Item Number 14 “Approval of Continuation of Council Consideration of an
Appeal of a Director's Approval of a Major Architectural Review Board
Application for a Four-story, 50 foot, Mixed Use Building Located at 240-248
Hamilton Avenue, With a New Floor Area of 15,000 Square Feet Until
September 9, 2013. The project includes a Variance to Encroach Into the
Required Seven Foot Special Setback Along Hamilton Avenue and the
Required Six Foot Special Setback Along Ramona Street. Environmental
Assessment: an Initial Study and Mitigated Negative Declaration Have Been
Prepared. Zone District: Downtown Community Commercial (CD-C)(P)(GF)
                                                                             Page 2 of 5
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Action: August 19, 2013
