                              MINUTES
stated that modifications made to the Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND)
required recirculation. Under California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
guidelines, recirculation was not required when new information merely
clarified, amplified or made insignificant modifications. The letter stated that
the Bay Area Air Quality Management District (BAAQMD) Standards that
were used were improper. The BAAQMD Standards for Greenhouse Gas
Emissions were subject to litigation, and BAAQMD rescinded its standards.
Until BAAQMD issued new standards, cities were free to utilize different
greenhouse gas standards.          Palo Alto chose to use earlier BAAQMD
standards. With respect to hazardous materials, Phase 1 and 2 studies were
prepared by an outside consultant. A series of mitigation measures were
required as a result of the Phase 2 study. Most of the mitigation measures
were fulfilled. The County of Santa Clara recently issued a closure of
investigation report for the site. The MND conservatively required a series of
mitigations notwithstanding the closure letter. In the hazardous materials
section of the MND, Staff recommended that the check box in H(a), (b) and
(c) be changed from no impact to less than significant impact and the
addition of a mitigation measure to require the applicant to sweep the
surrounding streets daily while contaminated soil was hauled offsite. With
respect to hydrology and water quality, the impervious surface would be
increased. Safety and emergency access were not environmental issues.
The Fire Department reviewed emergency access and determined response
times were acceptable.        Fire Station 5 provided EMS services.         The
reconfiguration of parking on Clemo Avenue was not a CEQA issue, but a
community benefit suggested by the applicant. The neighborhood could
determine whether they wanted perpendicular parking. Staff suggested the
City require the applicant to fund a study of parking measures on Clemo
Avenue and to implement any measure suggested through that study.
There was a legal basis to adopt the MND.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that in the hazardous materials section of the
Mitigated Negative Declaration change “no impact” to “less than significant
impact” in H(a) (b) (c) and add a mitigation measure of “sweep surrounding
streets daily while contaminated soil is hauled offsite.”

Council Member Price understood additional parking was needed to offset
the parking removed from Maybell Avenue between 7:00 A.M. and 7:00
P.M., which was a question for the Planning Department.

Mr. Aknin reported additional parking was needed to increase the amount of
available parking in the area.



                                                                            Page 8 of 30
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 6/13/13
