                    MINUTES
Mr. Metz indicated the negative message was designed to further drive down
support. Nothing intervened between the positive and negative messages.

Council Member Schmid felt the negative message was more articulate than
the positive message.

Mr. Keene agreed the negative aspect received more attention.

Council Member Schmid noted the pro and con arguments for the TOT
included a description of services that would benefit from TOT revenue. He
inquired whether revenue from a general tax could be utilized for COPs.

Mr. Keene was not aware of an issue with dedicating a revenue stream from
a general tax to support COPs.

Mr. Saccio indicated any general tax revenue could be used for a COP.

Mr. Metz clarified that supporters of the measure might make that particular
statement. The language used to describe a potential ballot measure was
careful to state that "the measure would provide funding for general City
services such as ...."

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council could vote to utilize proceeds of
that tax for one specific capital investment.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported once a revenue was received into the
City's general revenue for general municipal purposes, the Council had
discretion to decide its use. COPs could be structured in a manner that
allowed them to accept those general proceeds. Council Member Schmid's
question concerned transparency in terms of ensuring ballot statements
were straightforward.

Council Member Holman was not committed to a tax, but wanted to hear the
Committee's comments. She was committed to a business registry. If a tax
was the primary method to support a TDM program, she requested the
Infrastructure Committee state that. She was concerned that the Council
would have to accept the Infrastructure Committee's recommendation
because of time constraints.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0




                                                                       Page 24 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/9/13
