                               MINUTES

Mayor Scharff questioned the inclusion of some of the cities as benchmarks.

Council Member Klein asked why the amendments were not presented to the
Finance Committee.

Mr. Keene did not think about presenting them to the Finance Committee.
Staff felt the recommendations were straightforward.

Council Member Klein stated the oral report was more informative than the
Staff report. If he assumed the average total compensation was $150,000
each for 200 employees, then the overall total compensation amount was
$30 million.    Thus the $315,000 amount was a 1 percent increase. He
wanted that type of information, and a list of affected positions along with
the amount.

Ms. Shen reported 38 different positions were under market and would be
adjusted.

Mr. Keene could provide a list of positions that would be adjusted.

Council Member Klein disagreed with comments that security was a factor in
compensation, given the number of local, state, and federal employees who
lost their jobs.

Mr. Keene recalled an earlier amendment imposed at-will status on a
number of employees within the group.

Council Member Klein recommended Staff not use the concept of employee
stock options. The number of employees with stock options was so small
that it was irrelevant.

Mr. Keene pointed out that a range of other comparisons were not reported.

Council Member Klein at first was concerned that jobs were not compared to
the private sector, and then he realized the difficulty in doing that. PG&E
was not a relevant comparison because it paid more for utility positions.
The Staff report should include that type of information.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the percentage of employees
recruited from the private sector and the percentage of employees who left
the City for the private sector.


                                                                        Page 22 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/6/13
