                              MINUTES
not knowing whether TDRs would continue to be exempt from parking and
whether that would apply to projects in the pipeline.

Council Member Burt asked Mr. Hayes to focus his response on the impact to
pipeline projects if the Council retained the 200-square-foot exemption along
with a parking in-lieu fee.

Mr. Hayes stated the impact on all the projects in which he was involved,
with the exception of the 240 Hamilton Avenue project, would be payment of
in-lieu fee, the $60,000.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Mr. Hayes was interpreting the
impact the same as Staff.

Mr. Hayes responded yes.

Council Member Burt commented that engagement of Downtown property
owners was a positive development. The impact of the proposed Ordinance
was nominal compared to the impact of RPP Programs and a TDM Program.
There was a need to fund and construct an additional garage Downtown;
however, he did not want to see the parking garage increase the number of
trips to Downtown.      There would be some degree of crisis with
implementation of an RPP Program if Downtown property owners did not
identify a solution.

Council Member Holman agreed that engagement of commercial property
owners was positive. Payment of in-lieu fees did not solve the parking
problem. In theory cash-outs were a good idea; however, they were not
effective without monitoring and enforcement.         Parking saturation in
neighborhoods affected property values. Once TDRs were created, they
were entitled entities. She asked if TDRs were a real asset.

Ms. Silver explained that TDRs were created at the time that the building
was certified as historically renovated or seismically retrofitted. At that
point, the City recorded a document that required historic rehabilitation and
seismic retrofitting to remain in place and created the TDR. Under Staff's
proposal, any TDR that was formally created following the effective date of
the proposed Ordinance could be transferred or used onsite for bonus square
footage; however, it would not have the additional parking incentive.

Council Member Holman understood that if a project used a TDR, the City
could not charge the project in-lieu fees because the TDR was an asset that
had been paid for.

                                                                       Page 19 of 34
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/21/13
