                                MINUTES

Mr. Bobel reported Staff needed Council approval to award a contract.

Mr. Keene reiterated Staff would release a bid with three alternatives. To be
fair to potential bidders, the bid would include information that a contract
may not be awarded. This change would allow parallel tracking of a
construction contract with pursuit of regulatory approval.

Council Member Burt asked if the bid would include options for the three
different scenarios.

Mr. Bobel answered yes. The scenarios were not to execute a contract, cap
the 51 acres, or cap 34 acres.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to authorize Staff to issue a bid on the
capping but not release the contract without approval of Council.

Council Member Kniss felt it appropriate to include the language.

Council Member Burt indicated Staff needed to take proactive steps.

Council Member Schmid felt the Council had not performed well in
comparison to neighboring cities in exploring green solutions.

Council Member Berman stated Measure E set aside 10 acres for a possible
ECF.   The Council should ensure an ECF remained a possibility.      He
supported the Motion in order to obtain additional information and to
maintain options.

RESTATED MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to: 1) approve the issuance of a Request for Proposal for
development of an energy compost facility, 2) direct Staff to seek regulatory
approval for postponing for a period of up to 16 months the capping of the
remaining 51 acres of uncapped landfill for a period of up to 16 months
when there will be a final decision of the remaining 10 acres, if any needed
for the facility, and 3) direct Staff to research possibilities for an appeal
and/or a legislative solution if the request for an extension of capping the
landfill is denied by the regulatory agencies, 4) and all of this with the goal
of remaining in regulatory compliance, 5) to authorize Staff to issue a bid on
the capping but no release of the contract without approval of Council.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman and Schmid no


01-14-2013                                                            112- 192
