                               MINUTES
The Planning and Community Environment Department Staff was a great
group of employees who worked tirelessly for the City.

Fred Balin appreciated the engagement process and monthly newsletter
initiated by Mr. Williams. Mr. Williams' nature set a bar for communication,
engagement and work ethic.

Winter Dellenbach stated Mr. Williams was unfailingly kind to people. His
ability to explain complex land uses, policies and procedures was
phenomenal. The City was fortunate to have had him for an employee.

Art Liberman indicated Mr. Williams assisted residents while balancing a
myriad of projects. Mr. Williams left an example for his colleagues to follow.

Robert Moss noted Mr. Williams handled many projects while maintaining his
poise. Mr. Williams' positions were well thought out and not arbitrary.

Council Member Holman wished Mr. Williams well in his retirement, but was
sad to see him leave the City's employment. Mr. Williams initiated the
projects list because of his interest in public service.

Council Member Price thanked Mr. Williams for his service to the City. His
intelligence, insightful and creative planning and patience were appreciated.

Vice Mayor Shepherd appreciated Mr. Williams work, explanations and
patience regarding the Housing Element and other projects.

Council Member Schmid enjoyed working and talking with Mr. Williams about
planning issues.  Mr. Williams' expertise and thoughtfulness would be
missed.

Council Member Berman felt the public's praise for Mr. Williams spoke
volumes for his abilities.

Council Member Klein concurred with all prior comments. Mr. Williams'
encyclopedic knowledge of planning and ability to write reports in plain
English were tremendous assets to the community.

Council Member Burt thanked Mr. Williams for his service to the City.

Council Member Kniss valued Mr. Williams' expertise.

Mayor Scharff enjoyed working with Mr. Williams because he did a fantastic
job.
                                                                             Page 2 of 22
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes June 17, 2013
