                                 MINUTES
Council Member Holman stated the Council would not receive answers later
because the Substitute Motion did not provide for a policy framework
discussion.

Mr. Aknin reported that the traffic analysis was a review of approximately 25
intersections around the area. Staff proposed presenting a Request for
Proposal (RFP) to the PTC and Council where additional details would be
provided.

Council Member Holman asked if the traffic analysis would be presented to
the Council for scoping input.

Mr. Aknin indicated the scoping input phase occurred, but the contract would
be presented to the Council for award. The traffic analysis would review 25
intersections in and around the area, and then project the levels of service
based on different land uses in the overall area.

Council Member Holman felt the Council should provide input regarding the
scope of any studies pertaining to large projects. The Substitute Motion did
not provide adequate guidance and structure and eliminated the Guiding
Principles and a stakeholder group.

Mr. Keene understood the Council's intention for designing the input process
was to focus on engaging the public. With three to six meetings, Staff could
identify the need for a stakeholder group. The public would raise many of
the same questions the Council was raising, and Staff may need Council
guidance on some issues. He did not want the Council postponing a
decision, because it wanted answers to all questions in advance of the input
process.

Council Member Holman felt the opportunity to provide guidance would lead
to fewer problems.

Mayor Scharff wanted Staff to provide a status update to the Council after
three to six meetings. The Council should not prescribe 12 meetings in a
year or state the process would require 18 months to complete.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to have a
check-in after 3-6 meetings, a joint study session with PTC sometime in the
fall, and a full Council discussion in the fall to discuss guiding principles for
27 University Avenue.


                                                                               Page 9 of 35
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 06/03/13
