                               MINUTES
Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code, by adding Sections 9.14.005
and 9.14.035 and amending Section 9.14.010, that would establish new
smoking restrictions for City parks and plazas under five acres in size;
increase the no-smoking buffer zones near public building entrances from 20
to 25 feet for consistency with LEED standards; and make findings regarding
the purpose of no-smoking regulations (Attachment A); and 2) Refer the
further investigation of the expansion of the new smoking restrictions for
City parks and open space areas five acres in size or larger to the Parks and
Recreation     Commission,    and   direct  the    Commission      to   make
recommendations to the Policy & Services Committee for further
consideration and action.

Council Member Kniss felt the Motion was a positive action for the Council,
and suggested future action include a ban in all City parks.

Council Member Price concurred with comments regarding public health.

Council Member Burt asked why the Policy and Services Committee did not
include larger parks.

Council Member Kniss indicated the Policy and Services Committee would
consider extending the ban. The Policy and Services Committee did not
discuss policies or procedures for enforcing the ban, but could ask Staff to
propose language for enforcement. Perhaps the Council could consider a
smoking ban for the entire City.

Mayor Scharff felt the Council should extend the smoking ban to all parks
without referring it to the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to extend the smoking ban, request Staff return
to Council with ordinance on the Consent Calendar with an amendment, and
refer designated smoking areas in large parks to the Parks and Recreation
Commission.

Council Member Kniss supported extending the smoking ban to all parks,
and inquired whether the ban could be enforced.

Mr. Keene believed having a uniform smoking ban was easier to enforce
than a selective ban.

Vice Mayor Shepherd questioned whether the largest parks should have
designated smoking areas, so that park users would not have to leave the
park and activities to smoke.
                                                                       Page 20 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/13/13
