                  WORKING MINUTES

11.   Approval of Outreach Plan to Solicit and Encourage Input from the
      Community on Palo Alto’s Core Values.

Claudia Keith, Chief Communications Officer, reported the Council directed
Staff to present an outreach plan designed to solicit input and feedback from
the community regarding Core Values. The proposed plan utilized Open City
Hall, smart screens, and a video component. Since its launch, developers
enhanced Open City Hall to broaden civic engagement efforts.
Enhancements included additional demographic data points, review of
connected comments, use by smart phones and tablets, and the ability to
sort and aggregate data. Other cities utilized Open City Hall for similar
exercises. This would be a good tool to engage the community regarding its
perspectives on Core Values. A smart screen was a white board combined
with the power of a computer to record comments, feedback, and input. A
smart screen could save comments and allow retrieval via computer. Staff
was exploring a public-private partnership to provide smart screens as well
as the purchase of one smart screen. An option to a smart screen was a
white board; however, collecting and maintaining data on a daily basis would
be difficult. Staff proposed to engage students to video record short
interviews with a broad spectrum of citizens. The interview would contain
standardized questions. Interviews could be edited into a video to inform
the Council's decision making and to articulate the final Core Values. This
approach would engage young people who might not otherwise participate in
the civic engagement process. Staff focused on several technology-based
outreach strategies that offered a simple method to aggregate input and
feedback. Once the Council determined an outreach strategy, Staff would
communicate through the website, Mayor's newsletter, press releases, and
social media to inform the community of methods for engaging in the
discussion.   Staff proposed implementing the outreach strategy during
January 2014 and providing the results in advance of the 2014 Retreat. The
timeline could be adjusted based upon the date of the Retreat.

James Keene, City Manager, added that Staff was exploring the acquisition
of a smart screen for general City use. The concept of video interviews was
proposed as a fun method to engage youth. Video interviews could provide
good footage to convey the results of the Council's values discussion. The
Council received emails from neighborhood groups asking to be involved in
the process. Staff would attempt to channel those groups through the
process. Staff did not provide a recommendation but felt these approaches
were good ones. The Council might wish to clarify whether the articulated
values were the Council's view of its work with the City or the community's
view of the City's values as a whole. As part of outreach, Staff would
provide examples of methods for expressing values.
                                                                            Page 18 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
