                       WORKING MINUTES

Ms. Weiss explained the significant amount of Staff time devoted to
education and compliance following adoption of the Ordinance was the
reason for phasing implementation.

Mayor Scharff agreed with Council Member Burt's comments. He inquired
whether a $0.10 fee could be imposed first, Staff could determine behavior
changes, and then the Council could consider implementing an increase to
$0.25. He did not believe there was consistency among cities.

Ms. Weiss reported largely Ordinances were consistent, but there were slight
variations within Ordinances.

Mr. Bobel indicated changing implementation was within the Council's
prerogative. Staff could return at a later date with a second tier.

Mayor Scharff noted Staff's analysis lacked the grocery stores' incentive of
keeping funds from the bag charge.

Mr. Bobel reiterated that grocers stated they wanted consistency among
cities.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether a compostable bag was prohibited under the
proposed Ordinance.

Ms. Weiss responded yes. No plastic bags would be allowed for distribution.
The proposed Ordinance would allow purchase of plastic reusable bags, and
would change the durability standard for reusable bags.

Mayor Scharff assumed using compostable bags was environmentally
friendly, and asked if that was true.

Ms. Weiss answered no. Any bag that was used to line a trash can would go
to the landfill. Neither bag provided a benefit once it was in the landfill.

Mayor Scharff stated if the trial garbage program was successful, then
compostable bags would go to the composting facility.

Ms. Weiss noted plastic bags currently distributed were not compostable.

Mr. Bobel reported only produce bags were compostable.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether bags were compostable, biodegradable, or
neither.
                                                                        Page 9 of 16
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Working Minutes: 3/11/13
