                             MINUTES
raised by the adjacent retail stores to Planning and Transportation
Commission for thorough analysis of those issues, refer to the Finance
Committee the financial analysis, and request Staff to obtain services of a
professional appraiser to review the value and cost to the City and
Developer.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Council Member Klein's proposed language
would replace or supplement the language of the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein indicated his language would replace the language
referring to the Downtown parking issue.

Council Member Holman understood Council Member Klein's language to
mean that, depending on the information provided, the Council could
continue the Project until the larger Downtown parking study was complete.
His language did not preclude the original language of the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein did not intend the language as a Substitute Motion.
He asked when the Downtown parking study would be available for review.

Mr. Williams stated a report on Phase I should be available by the end of
2013.

Mr. Keene understood Council Member Klein's language to have a cycle time
speedier than the end of the year.

Council Member Klein expressed concern regarding "overall study and
solutions" in the Substitute Motion because solutions might not occur in this
century. He would agree with language of "until such time as the Council
receives the Phase I report of the Downtown parking study" provided the
P&TC conducted a circulation study and the Finance Committee conducted a
financial analysis in the interim.

Council Member Holman inquired about the work the professional appraiser
would perform.

Council Member Klein explained a professional appraiser would review the
value and cost to the City and the developer as presently set forth in the
Staff Report.

Mayor Scharff asked if "and solutions for the Downtown parking issue"
remained a part of the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein wanted it deleted. The Project could be reconsidered
when the Council received the first installment of the Downtown parking
study which Staff stated would be available by the end of the year.
                                                                        Page 13 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
