                    FINAL ACTION MINUTES
Compensation Market Study, decreasing Police Lieutenant pay range by
2.11% and increasing Police Captain pay range by 10.5%.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

15.   Highway 101 Bike and Pedestrian Bridge at Adobe Creek Project
      Update and Direction on Design Competition.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to 1) consider the relative advantages of the invited design competition
process and the conventional design process and 2) direct Staff to initiate an
invited design competition process with management assistance from the
American Institute of Architects for the design of the Highway 101 at Adobe
Creek pedestrian/bicycle bridge, and to return to Council in August 2013
with a detailed process and schedule for conducting the competition.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

16.   Status Report on Current High Speed Rail and Caltrain Electrification
      Issues Submitted for Council Review and Comment.

NO ACTION REQUIRED

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price attended a tour of the Cubberley campus which she
found enlightening. She discussed a presentation she saw regarding the high
cost of parking through the Local Government Commission last week. She
was informed during a Valley Transportation Authority meeting the Bus
Rapid Transit System was going through the environmental review process
and seven alternatives were under consideration. As a member of the Santa
Clara County Mental Health Board she wanted to share a new mobile
application called Immediate Mental Health Assistant. The application can be
customized for the user and is currently being refined.

Council Member Kniss noted Tony Oliveira spent a few hours with City Staff
discussing CalPERS on the 21st of June.

Vice Mayor Shepherd mentioned Thursday, June 17, 2013 was the Peninsula
League meeting on Seaport in Redwood City where they would discuss the
Bay Delta Plan and she encouraged her colleagues to attend.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 10:20 p.m.

                                                                              Page 4 of 4
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                           Final Action Minutes: 6/24/13
