                             MINUTES
Mayor Scharff asked if Staff had comments.

Mike Nafziger, Senior Engineer, indicated the at-places memorandum
described changes to the estimated assessment roll which occurred between
publication of the Council packet for the June 10, 2013 meeting and the
beginning of the current meeting. The adjustments resulted from a data
input error and the addition of a recently completed commercial parcel
within the Assessment District. The net effect of the corrections was a
decrease in the estimated assessment for one parcel affected by the input
error and a nominal increase in the other District parcels in the range of
$0.30-$150.00.

Public Hearing opened at 6:13 P.M.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether any protests were submitted.

Ms. Grider responded no.

Public Hearing closed at 6:13 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to adopt the attached Resolution (Attachment A) confirming the Engineer’s
Report and Assessment Roll for California Avenue District, Project No. 92-13.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Kniss, Price absent

2.   Continued     Public   Hearing     (PUBLIC     TESTIMONY      CLOSED):
     Consideration of 567-595 Maybell Avenue Planned Community(PC),
     including: (1) Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration; (2)
     Adoption of a Planned Community Ordinance Amending the Zoning
     Map to Change the Zone Designations from R-2 and RM-15 to Allow a
     15 Unit Single Family and 60 Unit Affordable Rental Development for
     Seniors, including Two Concessions under State Density Bonus Law
     (Building Height and Daylight Plane); and (3) Approval of a Resolution
     Amending the Comprehensive Plan Designation for a Portion of the
     Site to Single Family Residential (from Multifamily Residential), for the
     Project Located at 567-595 Maybell Avenue. *Quasi-Judicial.

Mayor Scharff reported the Council received a letter from Coalition for Safe
and Sensible Zoning regarding the Negative Declaration.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to: 1) Approve a Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment B); amended

                                                                          Page 2 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/13/13
