was providing general policy direction, which was appropriate to add to the
letter, Staff may not cite to a specific Government Code section.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the letter would reference
Government Code sections that supported the Council's arguments.

Ms. Stump answered yes.

Mayor Scharff strongly opposed the Amendment. The City needed to
maintain credibility and be effective. No one would care that Palo Alto was
built-out, except to the extent it weakened arguments. The City Attorney
clearly pointed out there was no ability to have judicial review of the ABAG
Executive Board's decision of what to accept and not to accept.             All
arguments were set forth in a prior letter. This appeal was limited to gain a
reduction of 350 units. Inclusion of all arguments made Palo Alto seem less
focused and less credible, and Palo Alto was less likely to achieve its goal of
reducing its ABAG allocation. Including all arguments would hurt the City's
changes of winning its appeal. He requested Mr. Williams' opinion.

Mr. Williams generally agreed. In his experience, ABAG appeals were
generally futile. He had concerns about having other arguments that could
detract from the main goal and could minimize the City's credibility. In his
prior discussion with ABAG Staff, they quickly dismissed a few arguments
regarding constraints and projections. HCD provided the numbers to ABAG,
and ABAG distributed those numbers. ABAG sounded as though they
believed the City had a credible argument associated with the Stanford
property. He preferred appealing on the basis of transferring the 350 units
to the County. Including all arguments did not necessarily exclude the City
from obtaining a good reading. He disagreed with Council Member Klein's
comment about schools. The City was allocated 2,179 units. If 350
transferred to the County, Palo Alto would then have 1,829 units. The
reality was that Palo Alto would still have 2,179 units, because those 350
units to be built at Stanford University would be a part of PAUSD. The
correct number would be 350 plus 2,179 if the City did not achieve the
transfer.

Council Member Price agreed with Mayor Scharff. Narrowly focusing the
appeal made sense. She did not believe Palo Alto was built-out. There were
opportunities for change aligned with the Comprehensive Plan. She did not
support the Amendment or its two parts.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether adding the Amendment provided a
risk to transferring those units to the County and reducing the allocation.



                                   11                    February 11, 2013
