                                MINUTES
Mr. Paul did not disagree. In the interests of efficiency, items could be
addressed separately. It was not irresponsible for the Council to have
economic information with the understanding that it was not the complete
picture. The Council would not make a decision based on economics alone.
The Council was considering whether the benefit was worth the traffic
problems.

Council Member Holman suggested Agenda Item Number 13 be heard before
Agenda Item Number 12 due to time constraints.

Mayor Scharff agreed.

11B. (Formerly Agenda Item Number 13) Approval of City of Palo Alto's
     Response to the 2012-2013 Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury
     Report - "The State of Public Safety Disability Retirement Rates In The
     County."

Kathryn Shen, Chief People Officer, reported the Santa Clara County Grand
Jury reviewed the rates of Industrial Disability Retirements (IDR) throughout
the county, specifically for agencies with both police and fire services. Staff
recommended the Council approve the proposed response.

Herb Borock stated that until 2000 the Table of Organization for the Police
Department included six additional officer positions to fill in for both
disability and training. The City no longer had budgetary authority to
replace police officers on disability leave or retired police officers.

Council Member Berman noted a typographical error in that Finding 3 should
be Finding 4. The table on page 192 should be total retirements rather than
total requirements. He inquired about the lack of an option for permanently
disabled officers to remain employed in a permanent light-duty capacity

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief, explained that larger organizations had opportunities
for permanently disabled, long-term disabled, and permanent and stationary
disabled Safety Employees to work desk jobs. Those positions were not
available in an organization the size of Palo Alto's Public Safety Department.
Safety Employees could work in full, unlimited capacity or work temporarily
under the one-year recuperation period.

Council Member Berman asked if it was a policy decision not to provide
permanent light-duty jobs.



                                                                         Page 21 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/16/13
