                       WORKING MINUTES

Council Member Holman indicated the Residential Density Bonus and Appeals
of a Director's Approval were complex and should not be discussed at the
end of a long Council meeting.

Council Member Klein noted the reasons for continuing Agenda Items 14 and
17 were that Staff received calls from Council Members and the public did
not have sufficient time to review the information. The Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) held numerous meetings on both issues.
The issues deserved additional study, but the public should have voiced their
concerns prior to the Council referring it to the Regional Housing Mandate
Committee.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Berman absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, announced the Palo Alto Festival of the
Arts was scheduled for August 24 and 25, 2013. The City would launch the
Bike Share Program on August 29, 2013 at 10:00 A.M. On August 29, 2013
at 6:30 P.M. the kick-off meeting of the Maybell Bicycle Boulevard would be
held.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Diane Elizabeth Jones was creating a trust website for donations to acquire
talent and land for a community for the homeless.

Palo Alto Free Press apologized in the interest of détente if he offended
Council Member Klein with his comments the previous week.

Stephanie Munoz suggested the homeless population at Cubberley should be
allowed to remain there with a monitor.

Ken Alsman provided information regarding parking in Downtown, transfer of
development rights and credits for parking spaces. The Council should
institute a moratorium.

Aram James toured the We Hope Shelter in East Palo Alto. He suggested a
shuttle bus transport homeless people from Cubberley to the We Hope
Shelter each morning.

Cash Alaee, Senior Management Analyst, indicated a Martin Luther King Jr.
celebration would be held August 26, 2013, at 5:00 P.M. in King Plaza.
                                                                           Page 9 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
