                               MINUTES
Council Member Berman inquired whether Staff was reviewing use of
technology and signage to direct visitors to parking garages.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes. Staff was meeting with technology companies
to discuss concepts for monitoring the availability of both on-street and off-
street parking. Staff's report would include technology options.

Council Member Berman asked if there were plans to take advantage of the
availability of parking spaces in the Civic Center parking lot every other
Friday.

Mr. Rodriguez stated technology could be utilized to report the Civic Center
parking lot as open to anyone on those days.

Council Member Berman felt more information was needed regarding the
number of employees in Downtown, density, and traffic.

Mr. Rodriguez encouraged the community to complete the City-wide traffic
survey to provide that type of information.

Council Member Holman was unsure why the zoning evaluation and parking
impact for Emerson Street ground floor retail was delayed. If the retail
space was converted to office space, it would most likely have a greater
impact.

Mr. Williams explained preserving retail space would ameliorate some of the
day-long parking of an office use. Emerson Street ground floor retail was
part of the package of Downtown changes under consideration as far as uses
relating to parking.

Council Member Holman felt more retail space would convert to office in
order to avoid a proposed moratorium.

Mr. Keene noted Staff would return in April with recommendations for
Emerson Street.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Council could address the lack
of enforcement provisions for TDM programs.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the majority of projects required TDM monitoring
only. If those projects were submitted for new permits, then the City could
require enforcement.


                                                                        Page 14 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 3/18/13
