                               MINUTES
Council Member Berman recalled his first learning of and meeting with
Former Mayor Yeh.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation for outstanding
public service to Yiaway Yeh as Council Member and Mayor.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Vince Larkin spoke regarding Former Mayor Yeh and Former Council Member
Espinosa.

Former Mayor Yeh thanked the Council for the Resolution. He enjoyed
learning from each Council Member and forming friendships with them. The
Council was a group of committed individuals focused on being effective
stewards in Palo Alto. He thanked City Staff for their commitment and
service to Palo Alto. He was grateful for the opportunity to serve the
community and for their support.

4.   Resolution 9312 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation for Outstanding Public Service to Sidney
     A. Espinosa as Council Member and Mayor”.

Mayor Scharff read the Resolution into the record.

Council Member Kniss had wonderful memories of working with both Former
Mayor Yeh and Former Council Member Espinosa. She admired Former
Mayor Yeh for implementing the Mayor's Challenge to bring the community
together.

Council Member Price felt Former Council Member Espinosa's dignity, sense
of humor, and calmness benefitted the Council. His strong support of the
arts was appreciated.

Council Member Holman stated Former Council Member Espinosa had
boundless energy and was omnipresent.        His speaking abilities were
remarkable. She thanked him for his service.

Council Member Berman thanked Former Council Member Espinosa for his
motivation and advice.

Council Member Klein indicated Former Council Member Espinosa attended
many City events and contacted many people. He looked forward to
working with him again in the future.
                                                                        Page 5 of 6
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 1/7/13
