                          ACTION MINUTES

8.    Resolution 9373 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving the 2014 Municipal Fee Schedule Amendments.”

9.    Approval of Utilities Enterprise Fund Construction Contract No.
      C141541174 with DN Tanks, Inc. In a Not to Exceed Amount of
      $340,000 for Repairs at Mayfield Reservoir.

10.   Confirmation of Appointment of Hillary Gitelman as Director of
      Planning and Community Environment.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0, Klein absent

ACTION ITEMS

11.   Review of Preliminary Economic Analysis Report for a Planned
      Community (PC) Rezoning to Accommodate: 1) Four-Story Office
      Development at 395 Page Mill Road and; 2) Three-Story Public Safety
      Building with Attached Six-Level Parking Structure Located at 3045
      Park Boulevard.

NO MOTION REQUIRED

12.   Colleague’s Memo From Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Shepherd, Council
      Members Kniss and Price Regarding Palo Alto Traffic Demand
      Management Plan.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
direct Staff to develop a comprehensive Transportation Demand
Management (TDM) plan for the California Avenue and University Avenue
Downtown Districts, the Stanford Research Park, and East Meadow Circle,
with the goal of reducing solo car trips by at least 30% and return to the full
Council for further policy direction prior to initiating CEQA review, soliciting
contracts, or proposing new fees, Ordinances or Resolutions. The City
Manager shall retain a consultant to assist in the expeditious development of
a rigorous TDM plan.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to direct Staff to organize one or two study sessions with
outreach to various stakeholders, to have appropriate speakers including
representatives from Stanford and Contra Costa County and anyone else
identified as an expert or critic, and Staff will report to the City Council at
the same time as to the cost of any such study and its feasibility at an
appropriate time frame to come forward. Also to have the City Attorney
                                                                             Page 3 of 5
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Action Minutes: 9/16/13
