                             MINUTES
Project would increase existing risks to students biking or walking to schools.
He urged the Council to approve the Project.

Warren Kirsch reiterated that neighbors opposed the configuration and
financing of the Project.       He thought he single family homes were
substandard and incompatible with the neighborhood. The residents' traffic
consultant identified at least 14 flaws in the traffic study. He recommended
the Council defer a vote on the Project until a proper traffic study was
completed.

John Barton, Community Working Group President, read a Resolution by
Community Working Group in support of the Project.

Ray Bacchetti stated the City needed to provide living options across a
spectrum of age and economic capacity. Proceeding with the Project would
make Palo Alto a better place, responsive to an aging population, more
inclusive and sound stewards of land. He urged the Council to approve the
Project.

Maurice Green, speaking on behalf of a group, supported senior housing but
did not support rezoning the site. The renderings of the Project were
inaccurate. The Arbor Real townhomes were a better representation of the
homes proposed for Maybell Avenue. Staff indicated increased traffic on
Maybell Avenue resulted from increased school enrollment; however,
enrollment figures actually decreased.

Elaine Heal expressed concerns that parking provided at the site would not
be adequate. She questioned the impact of having less than 100 percent
occupancy by seniors.

Mark Sabin felt the current zoning situation contributed to the high cost of
homes in Palo Alto. The Project was a creative opportunity to provide
housing for the full economic spectrum.

Trina Lovercheck supported the Project.        PAHC had a long history of
providing housing that fit the neighborhood.

Richard Evans indicated the Project should not be approved until sidewalks
could be constructed, and recommended that the market-rate homes be
eliminated. He was concerned about the amount of parking that would be
needed.

Gail Combs reported housing was not affordable for the average person in
Palo Alto. She supported the Project.


                                                                          Page 26 of 33
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 6/10/13
