                               MINUTES
Ms. Shen had not found a discrepancy. She could not explain how the Grand
Jury reached its conclusion.

Council Member Schmid understood the Grand Jury would have someone
available to answer questions about the report.

Ms. Shen contacted the Grand Jury, and there was no one available to
answer questions.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether providing emergency medical
services was a benefit or a hindrance in terms of injuries.

Mr. Nickel indicated Palo Alto Fire was the only Fire Department within Santa
Clara County that provided ambulance services. Because two-thirds of calls
for service were for medical services, the opportunities for injury were
greater. The majority of injuries occurred in lifting and transferring the
gurney.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Fire Department should attend to a
different kind of detail because it provided emergency medical services.

Mr. Nickel responded yes.

Council Member Schmid requested a breakdown on the number of
occupational disability claims made because of providing medical services.

Mr. Nickel did not review injuries from that perspective. He had a general
breakdown that orthopedic injuries accounted for 90 percent of total injuries
and cardiovascular injuries for 10 percent. He could review the data and
provide that information.

Council Member Schmid suggested Staff compare emergency medical
service injuries to Santa Clara County health service injuries.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

12.   Colleague’s Memo From Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Shepherd, Council
      Members Kniss and Price Regarding Palo Alto Traffic Demand
      Management Plan.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted Palo Alto had 65,000 residents and those
numbers doubled during the day. A Transportation Demand Management
(TDM) Program was intended to reduce solo trips throughout the downtown
area.
                                                                       Page 24 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
