                               MINUTES
MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-3 Holman, Price, Schmid no

17.   Update of California Avenue Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape
      Improvements Project Roadway Design and Consideration of Street
      Lighting Options.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment indicated
the discussion concerned potential design enhancements and cost
implications for the design of the California Avenue Streetscape Project. Mr.
Rodriguez would discuss the evolution of the Project and the request for
street light upgrades. This Project was presented to the Council in mid-2011
with a cost estimate of $1.8 million including construction costs, the Santa
Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) grant, and the City's cost share.
In July 2012 Staff returned to discuss the widening of sidewalks and other
streetscape enhancements. The additional cost for those improvements was
$700,000. Further modifications, amendments, and design costs resulted in
additional costs of approximately $500,000 with funding sources yet to be
identified. The street light improvement would be an add-on for Council
consideration.

David Gates, David Gates & Associates presented proposed streetscape
improvements including bus stop reconfigurations, preservation of existing
brick walls, creation of additional useable space, relocation of bike corrals,
and additional tree and vegetation plantings. He met with merchants and
the community to obtain input.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer reported extensive community
outreach was held since July 2012. The community consistently requested a
lighting element or enhancement to the Project. The Project as proposed did
not contain a lighting element, because the original Project focused on
improvements at intersections and roadway alignment. Staff proposed
lighting improvements in an attempt to respond to community requests.
The Architectural Review Board (ARB) directed Staff to finalize streetscape
features and elements. The Council needed to decide on lighting in order to
stay on schedule with awarding bids in the fall. The existing street lights
were more than 40 years old, and did not meet current wind load design
standards. The community was concerned that the lights were overpowering
for the roadway and did not fit the pedestrian-scale environment. The City
upgraded the luminaires on the street lights in 2012 and upgraded low
pressure sodium lighting to LED lighting; however, the roadway still lacked
illumination at the sidewalk level. Staff identified two options and shared
those with the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).



03-04-2013                                                          112- 359
