                            MINUTES
garages; passage of a bundled General Obligation Bond Transportation
Measure; passage of a bundled General Obligation Bond Public Safety
Measure; and increasing Sales Tax. The current rate of the TOT, or wholesale
tax, was 12 percent. The last increase occurred in 2007 under Measure M,
which passed with 81 percent support. TOT revenue represented 7 percent of
General Fund revenue. In the baseline poll, 62 percent of respondents
supported a potential TOT increase.         Additional polling would evaluate
community support for either a 2 percent or a 3 percent increase. The TOT
was structured as a general tax, requiring a simple majority vote. The
baseline survey did not include a Community Facilities District (CFD), or
Mello-Roos District. A CFD was a legal entity in which voters in a District
agreed to tax themselves to finance new capital improvements or new
operating costs. A CFD would require a two-thirds majority vote. The tax
was levied pursuant to a rate and a method of apportionment based on a
variety of criteria, such as land use, square footage of occupancy, the number
of car trips generated by a property, or Sales Tax transactions.           The
Committee explored the formation of two hypothetical districts in which the
parcels that generated the most intensive use of garages would bear a
greater burden of the construction cost. The two hypothetical examples
created a City-wide CFD for three new garages with a total cost of $35
million. Of the three garages in the hypothetical examples, two would be
built in Downtown and one in the California Avenue District, and would
provide 575 total parking spaces.          A rudimentary estimate indicated
assessments would range from $9 to $25 per parcel, with a higher range for
commercial properties surrounding those districts. If the Council proceeded
with a CFD, it would need to hire a consultant to help determine the rate, the
method of apportionment and the election requirements. The baseline survey
evaluated parking garages in general and found low support; 44 percent for
Downtown and 46 percent for California Avenue. The Committee supported
an additional survey to test any measure or increment associated with cost.
Further polling would test support for a CFD. If polling results were positive
and the Infrastructure Committee proceeded with additional review of a CFD,
then the Council would have a Study Session or meeting with Bond Counsel
and Financial Advisors to discuss a CFD in depth. The baseline survey tested
the basic level of support for five different bond or tax measures that
represented a combination of different projects. They polled extremely well
with four Items polling above the two-thirds majority.              A bundled
Transportation Measure, called a Traffic Congestion Relief and Safe Streets,
Sidewalks, and Trails Measure in the poll, polled the highest with 74 percent
of respondents supporting it. The infrastructure Committee would look more
closely at testing this in continued polling. A $66.4 million transportation
bond was estimated to impact Property Taxes for a median assessed-value
single-family home at $116 per year. The baseline survey tested the voter
threshold for willingness to pay, which peaked at $125 a year for a two-thirds
                                                                        Page 6 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/28/13
