                       WORKING MINUTES
therefore, any process would obviously include Stanford University.
Stanford University had several ideas regarding allocation of that money.
He suggested the Council would want Stanford University's input along with
a process to obtain input from other community perspectives to inform
choices.

Council Member Schmid wished to ensure that there was an open process to
generate ideas.

Council Member Holman suggested the Motion language be changed to "the
Finance Committee and the Council shall review both the status of SUMC
funds and the projects on the master list for possible realignment" to provide
clarity.

Council Member Price felt revision was stronger than realignment.

Council Member Klein believed the change had no effect and would not
support the suggested changes.

Council Member Price preferred the original language.

Council Member Schmid suggested Item Number 2 of the Motion include
"accept suggestions from Stanford University and other Council Members
and make recommendations."

Council Member Price would not accept the change because it was too
prescriptive.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Kniss absent

16.   Adoption of a Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Renaming the Main Library as the Rinconada Library.

Monique LeConge Ziesenhenne, Library Director, reported the Library
Advisory Commission (LAC) recommended the Council rename Main Library
to Rinconada Library as part of the Measure and Bond Projects. The matter
was initially discussed in 2012 and most recently mentioned approximately
one month ago.          The LAC considered naming Main Library for
neighborhoods, geographical area and location, and historical Palo Alto
residents. Main Library was originally named for its function; however,
resources and services were now available through all library branches, and
Mitchell Park Library was now the largest library. The signage package for
Main Library would be let for bids in October 2013.

                                                                         Page 10 of 17
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Working Minutes: 9/9/13
