                            MINUTES
     Designation for a Portion of the Site to Single Family Residential (from
     Multifamily Residential), for the Project Located at 567-595 Maybell
     Avenue. *Quasi-Judicial

Tim Wong, Senior Planner, reported the item was a request from Palo Alto
Housing Corporation (PAHC) to develop 60 units of senior affordable housing
at 567-595 Maybell Avenue (Project).           The units would contain
approximately 600 square feet and would serve seniors earning 30-60
percent of the area median income. The development would include a
community center, an exercise room and other amenities. The proposal
included 42 parking spaces with 5 parking spaces in reserve and 15 single
family homes of two and three stories.        Each home would contain
approximately 1,800-2,400 square feet, have a two-car garage, and homes
along Maybell Avenue would have two-car aprons.             Access to the
development would be obtained from Clemo Avenue and an easement
through Arastradero Park Apartments.       The Planned Community (PC)
Ordinance required that any development within 150 feet of residential uses
not exceed a height of 35 feet, and to adhere to daylight plane
requirements. The applicant requested concessions for the height and
daylight plane requirements through Code Section 65915 regarding a
density bonus and/or concessions.       The Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) recommended approval of the Project, the Mitigated
Negative Declaration (MND) and PC rezoning on May 22, 2013. The Staff
Report for May 22, 2013 included conditions of no parking along the
southern edge of Maybell Avenue from 7:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M. and
installation of shared road arrows on Maybell Avenue for both directions.
The P&TC directed Staff to work with PAHC to provide additional sidewalk
segments. The Architectural Review Board (ARB) recommended approval of
the Project on April 4, 2013. A traffic study performed for the MND
determined that the Project would generate 15 net new morning peak hour
trips and 21 net new afternoon peak hour trips. The study indicated there
could be significant impact on the intersection of Clemo Avenue and
Arastradero Road. As a mitigation measure, Staff recommended that the
applicant obtain an easement through the adjacent property at Arastradero
Park Apartments.      By requiring two access points, the existing Clemo
Avenue barrier would remain in place. The applicant proposed removing 2
of the 12 oak trees on Clemo Avenue; consequently, an arborist report was
prepared and recommendations were included in the MND. During the
comment period, Staff amended the MND for administrative and clarification
purposes. A group of residents submitted a third-party traffic study. No
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) was necessary. The Project had a
number of public benefits, primarily the 60 units of affordable housing for
seniors. The applicant proposed to complete the sidewalk system for the
southern edge of Maybell Avenue. The applicant would work with the City
                                                                        Page 19 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
