                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd supported a future meeting.

Council Member Burt stated if there were to be a future meeting specifically
to discuss the CCAC report recommendations he would withdraw his
Amendment.

Mayor Scharff stated there would be an agendized meeting for the
discussion of the CCAC report.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN

Council Member Schmid asked if reagendizing the discussion of the
Cubberley report would obviate the negotiating session on May 20, 2013.

Mayor Scharff stated no.

Council Member Schmid noted the topics were similar.

Mayor Scharff stated if Colleagues desired to make a Motion to not have the
Closed Session on May 20th it would be heard although Council had voted to
hold a Closed Session. He stated each Council Member needed to have their
topics agendized for the meeting. If there was a topic for discussion, it
should be sent to the City Manager to be agendized.

Council Member Berman supported renewing the lease subject to significant
revisions with PAUSD.

Mayor Scharff stated his vision of Cubberley was a vibrant community center
and the site should be improved with the rent not being paid to the PAUSD
on the land owned by the City. There needed to be protection for the fields
as well as the uses of the fields. The PAUSD and the City had joint use
agreements for the fields at the middle schools but not at the high schools.
His concern with Cubberley was the loss of field use when it became a high
school in the future.

Council Member Burt was interested in whether there was Council support in
providing greater clarity around the issue of the City position on the lease,
Guiding Principles, around the lease negotiations. He asked whether it
should be a separate Motion or an Amendment to the Motion on the table.

Mayor Scharff suggested a subsequent Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Schmid no, Holman Absent

                                                                       Page 17 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/13/13
