                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman asked for clarification of the role of the Committee
as a Brown Act Committee.

Mr. Keene indicated the impetus was to have a Subcommittee to work on
the issues of infrastructure needs and funding those needs in relation to a
2014 ballot. When a committee organized, its first work was to organize the
scope of its work and operating rules. The goal was to present voters with
some questions, and those questions would be decided by the Council rather
than a Committee. The point of the Committee was to allow more access to
Staff and data, such that the Council's Agenda was not filled with those
discussions.

Council Member Price suggested a preliminary mission or statement of
purpose and a reference to the last Council meeting addressing the concept
be included in the Staff Report.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
XXXX to add after Mayor, at the end of the Motion, “Will provide a final
report or recommendation to the Council in July 2014.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.   Discussion and Adoption of the Agenda for the City Council’s Annual
      Retreat on February 2, 2013 for the Possible Purposes of: (a) Setting
      the Council’s Priorities with Action Steps for 2013; (b) Discussion and
      Possible Action on Core Principles and Guiding Values; (c) Discussion
      and Possible Action on Meeting Management and the Length of Council
      Meetings; and (d) Other Potential Topics as Determined by the
      Council.

James Keene, City Manager, explained the title for Agenda Item 10 was
fairly expansive because the Staff intended to use the report as a way to
present to the Council and the public as a whole, the packet of materials to
be used during the Council Retreat. The objective was to identify the Retreat
Agenda and the scope of work the Council would be achieving during the
Retreat. Staff was not recommending the Council act on each aspect of the
report but to review the proposed agenda for the Retreat on Saturday,
February 2, 2013. The Council had made significant progress in the pre-
planning process on priority setting for the year creating a smoother
progression for selecting the action steps envisioned to take in order to
accomplish those priorities. One of the attachments to the report was for
Council Member’s Schmid and Klein to work with the City Manager to sort
                                                                        Page 7 of 17
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                            Minutes:
