                                MINUTES
Budget under Agenda Item Number 16. The Budget document referred to
the Staff Report. The Council should remove it from the Consent Calendar.

Andrew Boone was happy the Council decided to expand the scope of work
regarding the Newell Street Bridge (Agenda Item Number 12). The traffic
analysis should count bicyclists and pedestrians at more than just one point
and consider cut-through traffic.

Mark Conroe represented the applicant regarding the 260 California Avenue
project (Agenda Item Number 11). The property was assessed and paid for
56 parking spaces, and was allowed a credit for those spaces. He requested
the item not be removed from the Consent Calendar.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 6-16.

Council Member Berman inquired about the legal reason for parking permits
being distributed to individuals rather than businesses.

Ms. Stump explained that use of tax exempt bonds to finance construction of
parking structures prevented the allocation of parking spaces to businesses.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment,
reported Staff changed its methodology for the Downtown area to increase
the number of permits distributed, and expected to apply the same changes
to California Avenue in the near future.

Council Member Burt noted the 260 California Avenue project was parked
according to the current zoning rules, yet 56 parking spaces would be
located in public parking areas because the property paid into the Parking
Assessment District.

Mr. Aknin explained     there was an assumption that none of the people
generated from the      commercial business would park within structures.
Some would park on      the street and some onsite. The project provided 41
onsite parking spaces   when 38 spaces were required.

Council Member Burt inquired about the length of the waiting list to obtain a
parking permit.

Mr. Aknin reported more than 200 people were on the overall waiting list,
and they could wait a year or two to receive a permit.


                                                                           Page 15 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
