                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the City should work with Neighbors Abroad
to develop economic relationships. She reported on the student exchange
with Yangpu.    A closer relationship with Yangpu would provide good
experiences. Palo Alto had a natural synergy with Heidelberg's green
energy. All Council Members were invited to the symposium in Shanghai.

Council Member Kniss indicated Neighbors Abroad made a difference in the
cultural aspects of Sister Cities. The new model provided an opportunity to
interact on a different level with Sister Cities.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff would provide additional details
concerning the fellowship position with Espoo, Finland.

Mr. Fehrenbach reported the partnership with Stanford University to create
the fellowship was a concept at the current time. Staff requested Council
direction to explore that opportunity.

Council Member Price inquired about the expenses Council Members were
expected to pay for the trips to Germany and China.

Mr. Fehrenbach stated Council Members were expected to pay their
expenses. The Bay Area Council provided a reduced rate.

Council Member Price asked if Staff would present information regarding
resources needed to work on these programs.

Mr. Fehrenbach could return with information for Council consideration.

Council Member Holman expressed concern about the impact of these
programs on City resources.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Klein to go forward with Staff recommendations 1 and 3 at
this time: 1) authorize the Mayor to execute the attached “Smart Cities
Partnership Agreement” (Attachment 5) with the City of Heidelberg,
Germany at a ceremony to be held in October 2013; and 3) direct Staff to
work with Stanford University to explore the creation of a Government
Innovations and Entrepreneurship Fellowship.

Council Member Holman felt proceeding in phases was prudent. Because of
earlier Council comments, Recommendation Numbers 1 and 3 were logical
first steps.


                                                                        Page 17 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 8/12/13
