     CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
     MINUTES
                                                           Special Meeting
                                                        November 18, 2013

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:08 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
           Shepherd

Absent:

CLOSED SESSION

1.   A previous closed session has been removed.


STUDY SESSION

2.   Presentation to Council about Library Programs and Activities.

Monique le Conge Ziesenhenne, Library Director, reported Main Library
closed in May 2013 and Mitchell Park Library was located at a temporary
site. She presented "Read" posters to Council Members. Posters would be
located throughout libraries to promote reading.

Karen Kinzel, Palo Alto Art Center, provided definitions for Makerspaces, an
emerging trend in both libraries and museums. Teens needed a fun and
safe place to actively express themselves with friends. Through a grant
from the California State Library and donations, the Library Department and
Art Center developed Make X. It premiered at the Palo Alto Art Center, then
moved to the City Hall lobby, and would move to different community
centers and libraries throughout the region. Staff scheduled teen mentors to
train the public in use of equipment in Make X.

Jenny Jordan, Library Youth Services Manager, reported the Summer
Reading Program was the Library's largest program. Staff changed the
Summer Reading Program to include children, teens, and adults. The
number of participants increased again in 2013. Staff focused on the
Springboard to Kindergarten Program to reach preschool children. She
provided highlights of Library programs for children, teens, and adults.

                                                                       Page 1 of 28
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                November 18, 2013
