                               MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz felt the City should save the low-income housing located in
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Paul Albritton spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 12. Staff and the
Architectural Review Board provided a new design, design criteria, pole
selection criteria, and landscaping information which led to a good design for
AT&T. He encouraged the Council to keep the Agenda Item on the Consent
Calendar. Poles and antennas were installed, resulting in much faster
service speed.

John Hamburger spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 12. About a year
ago, 22 residents signed a petition requesting that the City and AT&T
consider reasonable alternative locations for a DAS antenna. Relocating the
antenna would provide a smaller impact on the community.

Roger Peterson spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 12. Antennas should
be located along roadways rather than close to homes. In his neighborhood,
poles were located in yards rather than along streets. It was unfortunate
that residents did not have a technical expert to advocate for relocation of
antennas.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-12.

3.   Adoption of a Resolution 9335 entitled “Delegating Authority to the
     City Manager, or his Designee, to Execute and Administer the Northern
     California Power Agency Agreement Regarding the Use and Non-
     disclosure of Information.”

4.   Adoption of a Resolution 9336 entitled “Summarily Vacating Several
     Public Easements Which Have Been Relocated at 4329 El Camino
     Real.”

5.   Adoption of a Resolution 9337 entitled “Amending Utility Rule and
     Regulation 3 (Description of Utility Services), 5 (Service Contracts), 18
     (Utility Service Connections and Facilities on Customers' Premises),
     and 20 (Special Electric Utility Regulations).”

6.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the
     Auditor's Office Quarterly Report as of March 31, 2013.

7.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the
                                                                         Page 5 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/13/13
