             FINAL ACTION MINUTES
12 Unit Single Family and 60 Unit Affordable Rental Development for Seniors
(Attachment A), including Two Concessions under State Density Bonus Law
(Building height and Daylight Plane), and 3) Approve a Resolution Amending
the Comprehensive Plan Designation for a Portion of the Site to Single
Family Residential (from Multifamily Residential), for the Project Located at
567-595 Maybell Avenue (Attachment C).

REVISED MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to 1) Approve a Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment
B); amended June 4, 2013, 2) Adopt a Planned Community Ordinance
Amending the Zoning Map to Change the Zone Designations from R-2 and
RM-15 to Allow a 12 Unit Single Family and 60 Unit Affordable Rental
Development for Seniors (Attachment A), including Two Concessions under
State Density Bonus Law (Building height and Daylight Plane), and 3)
Approve a Resolution Amending the Comprehensive Plan Designation for a
Portion of the Site to Single Family Residential (from Multifamily
Residential), for the Project Located at 567-595 Maybell Avenue (Attachment
C). Furthermore, to reduce the number of homes on Maybell from 9 to 6
and homes on both Maybell and Clemo would change from 3 stories to 2
stories.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to improve the street facing elevations of all
single family units by varying setbacks of units along Maybell and Clemo.
Strengthen and refine the design features, roof lines and landscaping of all
housing units on entire site. Provide shuttle services for senior housing
residents. Require the applicant to have an accelerated payment schedule
of $200 thousand for Maybell Ave improvements to ensure expediting of
these improvements prior to the issuance of grading permits and building
permits.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that in the hazardous materials section of the
Mitigated Negative Declaration, change “no impact” to “less than significant”
in H(a) (b) (c) and add mitigation measure: “sweep surrounding streets
daily while contaminated soil is hauled offsite.”

MOTION TO CONTINUE: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to continue this item to Monday, June 17 th, during
that time the Palo Alto Housing Corporation and the neighborhood will meet
and negotiate to see if they can achieve a resolution, with the Mayor or his
designee facilitating the discussions. Designees by Barron Park Association,
Green Acres II Association, and the Maybell Action Group will be present,
Mayor may add one or two members of the neighborhood.
                                                                              Page 2 of 5
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Action Minutes: 6/13/13
