                               MINUTES
Mr. Bobel stated issuing the RFP would provide cost information from the
private sector about the exact technologies Council Member Schmid wanted
to see. Staff narrowed the field to AD and gasification, which other cities
were considering.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the vendor would operate the facility
for the length of the contract.

Mr. Bobel reported the facility would be owned and operated by the private
sector.

Council Member Klein referenced page 572 regarding an optimal 5-acre ECF,
and indicated the RFP was asking the proposers to determine the optimal
size of the facility. He inquired how Staff determined a 5-acre facility was
optimal.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff was unsure whether a 5-acre facility would be
optimal.

Council Member Klein noted Staff suggested the responses to the RFP and
Staff recommendation would be presented to the Council in February 2014.
He requested Staff's opinion as to the amount of time the Council would
need to reach a decision.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff allowed five to six months for evaluation of
proposals, and he anticipated the Council holding a Study Session or Staff
presenting informational reports to the Council during that time period.
Staff hoped the Council could make a decision in February 2014.

Council Member Klein assumed the Council would need a few months to
reach a decision. He asked if capping could be completed in 2014 or would
Staff need to request a second postponement.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff could add a few months to the request for
postponement now to avoid an additional postponement request.

Council Member Klein inquired if there was an end to the capping season,
such that the Council would have a deadline to reach a decision.

Mr. Bobel explained the construction season for capping was the dry season.

Council Member Klein did not know how much time would be required to cap
the landfill.


01-14-2013                                                         112- 182
