                               MINUTES
Mr. Williams explained the evaluation would likely make the Emergency
Parking Ordinance a permanent measure by deleting the provision subject to
the moratorium.

Council Member Schmid noted the moratorium extended only 12 months,
and the Development Cap Study might not be completed in that timeframe.

Mr. Williams reported the moratorium as adopted did not rely specifically on
the Development Cap Study.

Council Member Burt stated the Staff Report did not consider density of
employment per square foot, and inquired whether restricting the number of
employees of a business in relation to the number of parking spaces was
common practice.

Mr. Williams felt more cities were considering a ratio of number of
employees to number of parking spaces.

Council Member Burt noted the two largest employers Downtown had
employee density less than 1 employee per 250 square feet.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to add after e) eliminating or revising zoning exemptions from
parking requirements, and: “Staff evaluate mechanisms to control the
relationship between employee density and parking.”

Council Member Burt believed omitting this evaluation ignored the obvious.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Burt's comments.
Evaluation of the relationship between employee density and parking was a
practical matter. Staff could control employee density through a certificate
of occupancy.

Mr. Williams explained that was part of the Development Cap Study.
Evaluation of the relationship along with other programs required more time
and effort than Staff could provide in six months.

Council Member Berman reiterated that the Council needed more data to
make informed decisions. He did not understand how employee density
correlated to modification or elimination of Downtown parking exemptions.
Employee density should be addressed on its own merits.



                                                                      Page 22 of 32
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/18/13
