                         DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired whether other cities would join Palo Alto in
the letter.

Mr. Keene had not considered that. It was a big topic of discussion. Staff
wanted to ensure comments in the letter aligned with experts' comments.

Council Member Klein requested Ms. Salazar explain the reportedly large
amount of funds that would flow to the State under ACA, and how that might
trickle down to the local level.

Ms. Salazar reported the California Healthy Families program would be
replaced by Medicaid expansion on January 1, 2014. That change in
programs could potentially save the State of California a couple billion
dollars. Again, the issue was the large number of individuals who would not
be able to afford healthcare coverage, even through an insurance exchange,
because of the estimated cost of coverage.        Anticipated savings from
Medicaid expansion could be achieved, because the federal government
would assume potentially 100 percent of the costs of Medicaid expansion
from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2016. On January 1, 2017,
funding would decrease to 90 percent.

Council Member Klein noted another potential beneficiary was hospitals.

Ms. Salazar added insurance carriers. Because Medicaid reimbursement
would expand to a larger population, hospitals would target a larger number
of patients in the same way that insurance carriers would insure a larger
number of individuals.

Council Member Klein inquired about the impact on Valley Medical, which
was supported with tax dollars.

Ms. Salazar explained Valley Medical would potentially benefit financially,
assuming that reimbursements were paid on a timely basis. Valley Medical's
ability to support a larger demand placed on infrastructure would be another
discussion.

Council Member Klein asked when Staff expected to have a response to the
Union letters from the Union

Mr. Keene reported by the middle of the following week Staff would have the
letters drafted.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff considered compiling a list of
changes CalPERS or the Legislature needed to make to CalPERS limitations.
                                                                        Page 9 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
