                            MINUTES
housing units on the entire site; to provide shuttle services for senior
housing residents; and to require the applicant to have an accelerated
payment schedule of $200,000 for Maybell Avenue improvements to ensure
expediting of these improvements prior to the issuance of grading permits
and building permits.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether payment of the $200,000 for
improvements would be accelerated.

Council Member Price answered yes. The sidewalk and other improvements
were contained in the Staff Report, draft Ordinance and Conditions of
Approval.   The Motion addressed the need for affordable housing and
reduced the massing by adding additional design features. Improvements to
Maybell Avenue should be completed as soon as possible.

Council Member Berman inquired about setbacks required under RM-2 and
RM-15 zoning.

Tim Wong, Senior Planner, indicated the minimum front yard setback was 20
feet.

Council Member Berman inquired about height limits for RM-2 and RM-15
zoning.

Mr. Wong answered 30 feet and 35 feet respectively.

Council Member Berman asked if the City could prohibit garages and aprons
on Maybell Avenue for a development constructed under existing zoning.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director Planning and Community Environment,
reported typically the developer would be allowed to place driveways on
Maybell Avenue under standard zoning.

Council Member Berman asked if the City could require a sidewalk as part of
a new project on Maybell Avenue under RM-2 zoning.

Mr. Aknin indicated the requirement of a sidewalk would need some type of
nexus. If the project was to replace homes, then the answer would most
likely be no.

Council Member Berman asked if setbacks were measured from the curb.

Mr. Aknin explained that typically the setback was measured from the
property line, and the curb was usually located at the property line.


                                                                        Page 4 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 6/13/13
