We are blessed with probably the most vibrant small city downtown in the
world. Downtown Palo Alto is an economic engine that drives technological
innovation throughout the world. At this point in time, we have almost
unlimited demand for space in downtown. However such success breeds its
own challenges. The intrusion of downtown parking into the neighborhoods
surrounding downtown needs to be alleviated. We also need to insure that
all new projects in downtown are either fully parked or pay into the parking
fund. We will need to build more parking and advance stronger, leading edge
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) programs.

Council has initiated studies of downtown parking challenges to assist in
policy development related to zoning, parking, development allowances, and
other land use requirements, as well as identifying the potential for new
parking facilities and increased efficiencies of existing parking lots and
garages. On March 18th, Council will be considering a series of short-term
strategies to minimize parking impacts, as well as initiating a Downtown
Development Cap Study, and meetings with the community and the Planning
and Transportation Commission will follow.

Council has further directed staff to evaluate potential sites for additional
parking garages in downtown and related actions for implementation and
funding, intended to relieve parking for residents, employees and customers.

We need a multipronged approach to parking in the downtown. We need to
build more parking garages. We need to get people out of their cars through
aggressive leading edge TDM programs that have teeth. We need to close
loopholes, as we did recently by putting an end to the ground floor
exemption. All new projects now will have to provide parking for their
ground floor office or retail space. We need to stop granting transfer
development rights that allow developers to build without parking. We must
insure that all new buildings are either fully parked or pay the full cost of a
parking space into the parking fund.

Council has directed staff to prepare a study and recommendations for
downtown development limitations, appropriate land uses, and associated
parking strategies. On March 18th, Council will be authorizing staff to
release a request for proposals to hire traffic and planning consultants to
assist in conducting the study, with the goal of having proposed actions
before the Council by the end of the year. We need to reach beyond this too
and focus on design and architecture and demand the best for Palo Alto. We
have the best downtown on the peninsula and every decision we make going
forward should only enhance the attractiveness and livability of Downtown
and California Avenue. We should think beyond simply height limits and
focus on the totality of an urban design perspective that reflects our place in


                                      3
