Council Member Burt was not aware a cover letter could be utilized. With
the additional information and Council Member comments, his concerns
changed regarding including the built-out argument in the appeal. That was
a valid argument, but would not provide a good basis for a response.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove the reference to ABAG’s methodology
not considering the built out nature of Palo Alto and instead include that in
the cover letter.

Council Member Berman felt the language of "loss of public confidence"
would make ABAG less amenable to the appeal. Council Members had
different goals for the appeal; his goal was to transfer 350 units. The
language of the letter was not conducive to winning an appeal.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED FAILED: 6-3 Burt, Klein, Schmid yes

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

17.   Approval of Proposal for Project Submittals for the One Bay Area Grant
      Program.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official reported the One Bay Area
Grant (OBAG) Program was a new distribution model of federal and state
funding     for    the   Metropolitan  Transportation  Commission    (MTC).
Approximately $71.3 million would be released over the next four-year cycle
through two programs. The first program, a guaranteed fund program with
slightly more than $26 million, was a direct return-to-source program. The
intent of the fund was to supplement street programs, to help local
jurisdictions expand their pavement programs, and to make sidewalk
repairs. Palo Alto was estimated to receive approximately $954,000 of that
guaranteed program amount. Staff would make recommendations to the
Council regarding distribution of funds over the next four years as part of
the Capital Improvement Program (CIP). The Public Works Department
likely focused on street repair programs. The second program was a
competitive Complete Streets program with approximately $45 million for
distribution within Santa Clara County. All funds would be awarded through
competitive distribution. There was no specific limit on the number of
projects the City could propose, nor was there a cap on the number of
dollars the City could request. Staff anticipated this program would be
oversubscribed within Santa Clara County, given that it was the largest
grant distribution likely within the next four-year cycle. There would be
other distributions from the Bicycle Expenditure Program (BEP) and other
programs.       Staff identified and recommended ten projects for Council
consideration. If the City submitted all ten proposals, the requested total
                                  13                    February 11, 2013
