                             MINUTES
Surveys indicated residents were receiving better services with fewer
employees.

Mayor Scharff indicated the City now had a sound financial structure;
however, the City had more work to do. Many employee costs were outside
the Council's control.

Council Member Kniss believed increased revenues could lead to
implementation of new programs and increased Staff. However, the Council
made the reductions necessary for sustainability and could avoid that pitfall.
She asked if there was a teen center.

Council Member Burt related the Council's discussions regarding the teen
center in 2001.

Council Member Kniss recalled a community push for a teen center.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Council Member Burt meant for
the Motion to refer the teen program to the Policy and Services Committee.
Typically such programs were referred to the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC).

Council Member Burt suggested the Policy and Services Committee
determine which advisory bodies would review the teen program.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Scharff said that Council moved to hold the Council Retreat scheduled
for June 13, 2013 to August. August was already full with meetings and he
thought they should move the retreat to September instead.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman to
move the Council Retreat to September 2013.

Council Member Holman said that two Council Members would be at the
League of Cities meeting in September and asked that they consider that
when scheduling the Retreat.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Price asked for clarification on the policy regarding naming
streets in memory of public safety members.
                                                                         Page 29 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/13/13
