                                MINUTES
Council Member Holman felt the Council was in a position of having to act in
order to prevent loss of the Project and continued blight for the
neighborhood. Should the Council impose fines that the Applicant could not
afford, it again would be in a position of having to act. The City's consultant
determined that moving Building 1 was a significant impact, because the site
was important. It was important to hold open options until the SEIR could
be completed.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Price, seconded by Council Member Holman
to add to number 9 “The methodology for determining the fine for the
unauthorized demolition should consider the practices used effectively in
other communities.”

Council Member Price stated the Council would benefit from consideration of
effective practices in other communities in order to determine a fine amount.

Council Member Holman explained the Council could obtain benchmarks for
comparison of the amount of fines charged in other communities.

Council Member Klein felt the Project was unique, and practices in other
communities would not assist Staff in determining a fine. The Amendment
conflicted with language in the Motion.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Holman, Price, Schmid yes

Council Member Schmid noted the benefit calculation was based on housing,
and the Motion reduced the benefit calculation by 40 percent. With housing
being constructed in phases, the construction period would not be
shortened.

Council Member Burt stated the construction period was moot, because the
Developer could only build six units.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether the City Attorney could provide language
with respect to protecting the City from risk.

Ms. Stump felt the language in the Staff Report was sufficient. If the
Ordinance was not amended to reflect this structure, then all the buildings
would have to be removed.

Mayor Scharff requested the City Attorney provide language regarding
allowing six housing units to be constructed.



03-04-2013                                                           112- 357
