                       WORKING MINUTES
Mr. Bobel indicated Staff utilized Superintendent to link the proposed
Ordinance with an existing Ordinance and existing structure. The Council
could direct Staff to clarify that language within the Ordinance.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff had a suggestion for that change.

Mr. Bobel agreed one word would be better. Staff would need to review and
revise the entire proposed Ordinance.

Council Member Price noted a one-year exemption for participants in State
or Federal supplemental food programs, and inquired whether Staff would
monitor the exemption.

Ms. Weiss indicated Staff had a reporting requirement for the number of
people using bags under the exemption.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved to certify the Final Environmental
Impact Report and adopt the proposed Retail and Food Service
Establishment Checkout Bag Requirements Ordinance as proposed by Staff.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
approve Staff recommendations to certify the Final Environmental Impact
Report and adopt the proposed Retail and Food Service Ordinance, establish
the Checkout Bag Requirements Ordinance as proposed by Staff, with the
following amendments to the proposed Ordinance: 1) Chapter 5.35, Section
5.35.010 Definitions, subsection (f)i Pre-Approved Materials to allow smaller
reusable bags; 2) not require EcoLogo label indicated in Subsection (d)i Pre-
Approved Standard, Numbers 3 and 4; and 3) Section 5.35.030, Section (b)
to make the fee for paper bags 10 cents. Staff will return to Council in 18-
24 months for review of pricing policy, and this item will return as a first
reading of the amended Ordinance on the Consent Agenda.

Council Member Burt believed these were minor modifications in an attempt
to strike a balance between a progressive program and a practical program.

Mayor Scharff felt flexibility for smaller bags was important. He inquired
whether Staff was directed to review the proposed Ordinance for consistency
regarding the use of Superintendent.

Council Member Burt answered that term and any other inconsistency.


                                                                        Page 14 of 16
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 3/11/13
