                            MINUTES
Council Member Klein indicated designees of the Barron Park Homeowners
Association, the Green Acres II Neighborhood Association, and the Coalition
for Safe and Sensible Zoning would be parties to negotiations. The Mayor or
his designee were empowered to include other designees as appropriate. He
did not consider individuals as parties to the negotiation.

Council Member Schmid inquired about a deadline for parties to provide a
report of the meeting.

Council Member Klein hoped they would provide a report before the Council
meeting on Monday.

Council Member Schmid asked if information pertaining to a Council decision
had to be made available to the public before the scheduled discussion.

Ms. Stump reported the requirement was for an item to be agendized and
noticed 72 hours in advance of a regularly scheduled meeting. For a special
meeting, the notice requirement was 24 hours. Informational material
should be provided to the public at the same time as to the Council, but
there was not a deadline for providing material.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council instituted a policy requiring material
developed by Staff be provided in advance of the meeting. The negotiations
involved different parties.

Council Member Schmid asked if a report of the negotiations could be
provided to the Council and the public at the Monday Council meeting.

Ms. Stump stated that procedure was lawful.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether Barron Park Homeowners
Association, the Green Acres II Neighborhood Association, and the Coalition
for Safe and Sensible Zoning would name their designees to the meeting.

Council Member Klein responded yes.

Council Member Kniss asked who would be the designee for PAHC.

Council Member Klein indicated PAHC could name its designee.

Council Member Kniss assumed PAHC would have three designees to balance
the three designees on the opposing side.

Council Member Klein did not feel that was necessary, but was acceptable.



                                                                         Page 11 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/13/13
