                               MINUTES
contributed to High Speed Rail, Caltrain, Youth Well Being, Cubberley and
other topics. She urged support for Council Member Shepherd.

NOMINATION: Council Member Burt nominated Council Member Holman
for Vice Mayor in 2013.

Council Member Burt served with Council Member Holman on various
neighborhood organizations and on the Planning and Transportation
Commission. Council Member Holman had a great sense of fairness and
impartiality and a devotion to the Palo Alto process. She served on the
Finance Committee and chaired the Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Scharff asked the Nominees to speak if they wished.

Council Member Shepherd was honored to serve on the City Council. She
had effectively brought forward the Youth Collaborative and High Speed Rail.
She served on the committees for Bus Rapid Transit and Cubberley. She
exercised leadership on the Finance Committee, and the League of Cities
appointed her as the Santa Clara County Board Member and to the
Legislative Committee on Transportation, Communication and Public Works.

Council Member Holman felt both she and Council Member Shepherd were
qualified to serve as Vice Mayor. She served eight years on the Planning
and Transportation Commission. Commitment to fairness and process led to
predictability in outcomes. She served as liaison to various Palo Alto
Commissions and Boards, and served on County and League of Cities
committees.

Council Member Schmid seconded the nomination of Council Member
Holman. He referred to her long and distinguished service on the Planning
and Transportation Commission, and her recent role as Chair of the Policy
and Services Committee. She was not afraid to speak out for the citizens of
Palo Alto. She was an active advocate for community cooperation and
volunteer work. Her sense of place and history was important for the future
of Palo Alto.

NOMINATION FOR COUNCIL MEMBER SHEPHERD PASSED:                               6-3
Berman, Klein, Kniss, Scharff, Shepherd, Price Yes

NOMINATION FOR COUNCIL MEMBER HOLMAN FAILED:                       3-6 Burt,
Holman, Schmid Yes

Donna Grider, City Clerk announced that Council Member Shepherd with 6
votes was elected to the position of Vice Mayor for 2013.
                                                                        Page 3 of 6
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 1/7/13
