                       WORKING MINUTES

Zachi Baharav supported the proposed Ordinance limiting                 hours      at
Cubberley and use of funds to provide services to the homeless.

Penny Ellson reported the number of homeless people had increased along
with the number of arrests for assault and narcotics.       Approving the
proposed Ordinance would be a start to returning Cubberley to a community
center. Cubberley could not provide the needed services to facilitate a
transition from homelessness.

Chuck Jagoda believed children would not be afraid of homeless people if the
children met and interacted with them. Withdrawing resources from those
who did not have resources did not make the problem better.

Jean Wilcox felt the City should open its parking lots and community centers
to the homeless rather than pushing them toward private parking lots and
church facilities. She supported the proposed Ordinance.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to adopt an ordinance amending the Palo Alto Municipal Code to add section
9.61.020 to establish Community Facilities Hours, including Cubberley, Stern
and Mitchell Community Centers.

Council Member Kniss reported community members sought relief from an
uncomfortable situation at the Cubberley Community Center. The topic
included connecting the homeless with community services. The Agenda
Item resulted from two years of meetings. She and Council Member Price
met with Supervisor Joe Simitian regarding the situation. The Policy and
Services Committee recommended the Council provide $250,000 for
programs. The Opportunity Center had approximately 100 units of housing
and was supported by private sources, the City and Santa Clara County
(County). The safety and public health concerns of neighborhood residents
also deserved consideration. The item before the Council was the proposed
Ordinance, not a program for the homeless.

Council Member Price indicated homelessness was a public health and
welfare issue affecting the homeless and the community. The meeting with
Supervisor Simitian was productive. Discussion of the proposed Ordinance
highlighted the severity and plight of the homeless population in Santa Clara
County. The focus should be on the Homeless Services Task Force and
providing services. She suggested the Task Force invite corporate partners
and Stanford University to participate.


                                                                          Page 15 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
