                               MINUTES

Mr. Burns felt a number of injuries resulted from wear-and-tear rather than
a specific injury. The City was purchasing vests for officers to reduce the
weight of the gun belt, because a number of injuries were lower back
problems. In addition, the ergonomics of new patrol cars would be better.
He wanted to hire employees who demonstrated that health and fitness were
a way of life.

Council Member Holman asked if the fitness regimen was required for Fire
Employees and simply made available to Police Employees.

Mr. Nickel indicated Fire Employees had mandatory workout periods during
the course of the working shift. The program was modeled on one of the
national best practices.

Mr. Burns reported that Police Employees who participated in the program
with Sequoia Medical Center were allowed to work out an hour a day on
duty. Approximately 80 percent of officers participated.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Police Employees could be
required to participate.

Mr. Burns could speak to unions about requiring it. Generally participation
would be embraced.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to: 1)
approve the following response to the 2012-2013 Santa Clara County Civil
Grand Jury Report, “The State of Public Safety Disability Retirement Rates In
The County;” and 2) the Mayor will send a letter to the Grand Jury with the
City’s Response by the deadline, September 30, 2013, to include the
corrections indicated.

Council Member Schmid expressed concerned about the discrepancy
between the Grand Jury's data and the City's data. He noted question 62
did not have a response, and asked if the Grand Jury did not ask the
question or if the City did not respond.

Ms. Shen indicated that that information was provided to the Grand Jury
subsequent to the report via email.

Council Member Schmid asked if there was a discrepancy between City
records and the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS)
records.

                                                                       Page 23 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
