                               MINUTES
tax credits in March 2014 were much smaller. If PAHC did not receive the
credits in March 2014, then the property and project would be a concern.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER that the PC zone shall be approved as an
overlay to the existing zoning. The property owner has the option of either
developing under the PC development standards or the underlying zoning
standards. If the property owner elects to proceed with the senior housing
project, the PC zoning regulations shall supersede the underlying zoning.

Council Member Kniss requested Staff address the underlying zoning and
how it would affect a project at the site.

Mr. Aknin explained that a small portion of R-2 zoning was located parallel to
Maybell Avenue. Most likely a developer would perform a lot line adjustment
on the R-2 side of the site to achieve a lot depth of 100 feet. The site could
generally support four 75x100 foot lots across Maybell Avenue, with two
units constructed on each lot, for a total of eight units. That configuration
would reduce the overall size of the RM-15 zone behind the R-2 zone;
however, approximately 26 units could be constructed in the RM-15 zone
and up to 35 units with a density bonus.

Council Member Kniss asked if the maximum number of units for the site
could be 45.

Mr. Aknin replied yes.

Council Member Holman requested Staff explain how one zone could
underlie another zone. An overlay was an allowed use, not a zone.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported the PC zone was a
unique element of the Zoning Code. Treating a PC zone as an overlay was
typical. Palo Alto's Pedestrian and Transit-Oriented Development (PTOD)
overlay was similar. PC zoning could be viewed as a use, and as an element
of the Zoning Code that could supersede underlying zoning.

Council Member Holman did not see the purpose in delaying a decision that
would support the community's goals for the site. Achieving diversity in
design did not require individual purchasers for each parcel. The current
design of the houses was common and should be differentiated and
compatible with the neighborhood. She inquired whether a request to down-
zone a property was legal while an application was pending.


                                                                          Page 12 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes June 17, 2013
