                               MINUTES

Owen Byrd requested the Council not adopt the proposed Ordinance, but
issue a Request for Proposal for a program modeled on the Santa Barbara
and Eugene programs.

Susan Fineberg supported the proposed Ordinance. The decision concerned
effective management of public property and the safety, health and welfare
of all Palo Alto residents.

Carrie Leroy stated it was unconstitutional to ban the conduct of sleeping.
The costs of litigation would be enormous.

Eric Leroy noted the high numbers of teenagers who were homeless.

Roberta Ohlquist felt children should be exposed to diversity. A toothless
rental mediation task force and the lack of rent caps contributed to the
homeless problem.

Geoff Browning noted the lack of affordable housing in Palo Alto.

Public Hearing closed at 10:10 P.M.

Council took a break at 10:10 P.M. and returned at 10:23 P.M.

Council Member Kniss stated the Council was attempting to care for the
neediest in the community while taking care of the safety of residents. The
discussion focused on vehicle habitation at Cubberley because residents in
that area told the Council they did not feel safe. The City must provide for
the safety of the community. The Council needed to discuss safety of all
citizens, services for homeless citizens, and enforcement tools for the Police
Department. She shared information about the Santa Barbara vehicle
habitation program and mentioned programs in other cities. Any vehicle
habitation program would require input and assistance from citizens.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve the Policy and Services Committee recommendation to: 1)
amend Chapter 9.06 (Public Peace, Morals, and Safety) of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code, by adding section 9.06.010, prohibiting the human
habitation of vehicles (Attachment A); and 2) approve an ordinance roll out
plan that will defer full implementation of the ordinance for six months
(Attachment B).

Council Member Kniss challenged the community to work together to create
and implement a program for vehicle habitation. The Policy and Services
                                                                           Page 13 of 18
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
