           MINUTES

Ms. Gitelman wished to clarify that traffic volumes were not the sole
determinant of congestion. Peaking characteristics would differentiate daily
traffic volumes from peak hour traffic volumes.       Other factors were
conflicting movements and signal operation. Staff needed to communicate a
great deal of data as part of a comprehensive evaluation of traffic and
parking impacts. Perhaps that data could be communicated in the context of
the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Schmid suggested the Council open a dialog with the
community beginning with the basic issues of traffic and parking. The Palo
Alto traffic model consistently indicated no significant impact to traffic. Staff
could help the community engage in issues by providing data that everyone
could work with.

Council Member Klein believed a Special Meeting would be needed to
develop a dialog. The debate of growth in Palo Alto extended to the 1890s.
Palo Alto was a vibrant community.         Moratoriums had many types of
unintended consequences, usually negatives ones. He wanted to continue
consideration of the Jay Paul Company Project. The Council needed to be
creative in its outreach to all residents.

Council Member Berman wanted to see smart, strategic, limited growth in
Palo Alto. He expressed concern about the inability of his generation to
afford housing in Palo Alto. Parking was clearly a problem for the City. The
Council needed to create a comprehensive vision for the Downtown,
California Avenue areas and the City as a whole. The Council and Staff
would have to be creative in crafting a City dialog to create opportunities for
residents to engage.

Council Member Burt felt people lived in Palo Alto because they valued the
quality of life in Palo Alto. The community had always been willing to accept
a moderate rate of change under certain conditions. First, development
projects should be high quality. Second, indirect impacts of development
projects should not significantly degrade the broader quality of life. Third,
residents wanted early and meaningful participation in the process for issues
that affected them. The City could not accommodate every person who
wanted to live or work in Palo Alto.          The harm that resulted from
misinformation was difficult to repair and undermined the Council's and
Staff's credibility. Only 2 of the 21 projects in the pipeline were PC Zones.
PC Zoning was not the primary culprit of too much development occurring
too rapidly. The Council should ensure that PC projects were not abused.
Zoning standards needed to be adjusted to allow public space and
appropriately scaled buildings and parking. A 20 percent increase in jobs, an
                                                                            Page 15 of 20
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 12/02/13
