                  WORKING MINUTES

Mr. Hackmann asked if Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted to know if the study of
the 1.7 mile segment in the south end of Palo Alto would apply to northern
Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Shepherd answered yes.

Mr. Hackmann reported the same theoretical principles studied in the south
would apply in the north.        Additional existing realities of submerged
roadways and Caltrain stations in the northern area would have to be
layered on the information for the southern area. Moving north, grade
crossings became more complicated and more expensive. If the Council
could not accept costs for grade crossings in the south, then it could safely
assume the cost of grade crossings in the north would be even less
acceptable. If the Council could accept the cost of grade crossings in the
south, then it could decide to proceed with a study north into the Corridor.

Vice Mayor Shepherd referenced information from a community member
regarding reduction of traffic congestion by utilizing low-clearance
underpasses, and asked if Staff could request HMM review that as an option
to trenching.

Mr. Hackmann indicated Staff would inform HMM of the scope of the study
and present recommendations or alternatives proposed by community
members and groups.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the firewall between HMM employees
representing the City and HMM employees representing CHSRA remained in
place.

Mr. Hackmann understood HMM employees working with the City did not
represent CHSRA.

Council Member Price agreed with Council Member Burt's comments. The
assumptions      regarding    Caltrain  remaining    operational   throughout
construction did not state that Caltrain could remain operational using shoe
fly tracks or bus bridges.       She inquired whether HMM would assume
operational rail services included bus bridges or remained on fixed rail.

Mr. Hackmann understood HMM assumed the train would operate on fixed
rail.

Council Member Price suggested Staff talk with Caltrain about that so that
the Council could consider the actual experience during construction. She
                                                                            Page 16 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
