Robert Moss spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7 and indicated the basic
design of the building at 636 Waverley Street was bad. The building was not
compatible with the neighborhood. The glass walls were another problem.
ARB approval did not indicate the building was designed well or appropriate.

Doug Scafe spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7 and stated the project
at 636 Waverley Street met only one compatibility guideline. Changes made
to comply with ARB requests were minor.

Douglas Smith, Appellant, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7 and
related ARB Member comments in support of his position regarding the
project at 636 Waverley Street. The building would completely change the
pattern of the street.

Richard Elmore spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7 and felt the project
at 636 Waverley Street was not compatible with the neighborhood. The
project could fit in a modern setting with other buildings of similar height
and materials.

Herb Borock felt the Council should be allowed to hear public comment prior
to deciding to remove an item from the Consent Calendar. The Brown Act
required the Council to provide the public with an opportunity to speak on an
item before voting.

Joe Hirsch spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7 and expressed concern
about the lack of setbacks for the project at 636 Waverley Street. He urged
the Council to return this to the ARB for further discussion.

Rick Toker spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14 and urged the Council
to stay enforcement of the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance. The language of
complaint based enforcement was a loophole for selective enforcement.

Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14 and
believed the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance was extreme. The City could
create an affordable housing trust fund through implementation of a
business tax.

Aram James spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 14 and encouraged
Council Members to vote in favor of the proposed moratorium on the Vehicle
Habitation Ordinance. He requested the moratorium extend for at least one
year regardless of the outcome of litigation.




                                   6                   December 16, 2013
