                  WORKING MINUTES

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the initial estimates for the study were in the
millions of dollars. Technical engineering could be extensive if the Council
proceeded with a full study. The Committee chose to vet parts of the Rail
Corridor Study to determine the topics the community would be interested
in. Santa Clara County and Caltrain had no dedicated funding for grade
crossings. Once the Council determined the types of grade crossings that
were feasible in Palo Alto, then it could discuss funding sources with the
community. She requested Staff comment on the scope of work HMM would
perform and on determining factors of feasibility.        She requested Mr.
Hackmann clarify his comments regarding scenarios for south of Hamilton
Avenue and north of Hamilton Avenue.

Mr. Hackmann explained that the Hamilton Avenue to San Antonio Road
scenario was an example of an area that could be studied. San Francisquito
Creek and the University Avenue Station were additional obstacles that
would have to be addressed if trenching extended north of Hamilton Avenue.
As trenching moved north in the Corridor, more obstacles were encountered.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the cost estimate for the alternative
scenario included trenching to San Francisquito Creek.

Mr. Hackmann answered no.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested Staff provide that type of detail.

Mr. Hackmann reported HMM would study the alternatives and provide draft
concept exhibits to identify potential project impacts to roadways, rights-of-
way, traffic, and the existing railway in Phase 1. In Phase 2, HMM would
refine findings from Phase 1, address utility issues and construction staging,
and provide a feasibility report.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Planning Director, indicated information from Phase 1
and Phase 2 could be utilized in the City's responses to Caltrain's Draft
Environmental Impact Report (DEIR). Grade separations of some sort could
be required as mitigation measures in the Caltrain Environmental Impact
Report (EIR).

Lucas Ramirez was pleased the Council was considering options for grade
separations. Council Member Burt's comments in Committee discussions
addressed the need for grade separations. Perhaps cities in Santa Clara
County could form a Joint Powers Authority or a special district to fund grade
separations.

                                                                             Page 13 of 24
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
