                                MINUTES
Projects with active building permits were covered under existing Codes, and
Staff used those Codes to move projects forward. The General Nuisance
Law provided the City with the means to bring a general nuisance action.

Council Member Klein asked if the City had remedies for stalled projects
without active building permits, such as the project mentioned in public
comments.

Ms. Stump reported City Staff corresponded with the owners of the property
and identified a number of potential violations at that site. She was unsure
whether the site had an active permit.

Mr. Pirnejad also was unsure if the site had an active permit.

Ms. Stump believed the owners were close to obtaining a new permit and
proceeding with construction.   Staff was working on that site through
existing Code provisions. She could share the correspondence if the Council
wished.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the Motion should be amended to
direct the City Attorney's Office to explore tools regarding existing projects
without active permits.

Ms. Stump reiterated that the City could utilize the General Nuisance Law.
The standards for bringing an action were fairly rigorous. Staff notified the
owner that a nuisance action was possible. Staff could take Council direction
without a formal Motion and would be eager to identify additional helpful
Ordinances for the Council.

Council Member Burt believed the Council should consider modifications to
fencing requirements. The City did not have a mechanism to require
constructions projects to install a fence that screened the project.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to also return with draft ordinance revisions
to address improved fencing of stalled construction sites.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

8.    Colleague's Memo From Mayor Scharff, Vice Mayor Shepherd, and
      Council Member Price Regarding Electric Vehicles.



                                                                         Page 7 of 13
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/23/13
