                    DRAFT ACTION MINUTES

ACTION ITEMS

4. Response to Colleague's Memo: Health Care.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd; 1) for
Staff to review and summarize options for health benefit plans that may be
considered for negotiation with represented employees and discussion with
management employees, including flexible benefit plans, 2) City staff should
also review the continuing viability of the California Government Code
Section 22893 20-year graduated benefit retiree health plan that is currently
in place for employees who began City employment as of 2004-2006,
depending on bargaining unit, returning with a recommendation to continue
in the plan, amend or eliminate the plan, 3) for City staff to review City
benefit plans, policies and procedures for compliance with the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), bringing back recommendations
to Council for required action, and 4) that staff identify best wellness
practices, and health plan benefits that emphasize, teach and reward
wellness.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

5.   Colleagues Memo From Council Members Klein and Schmid Regarding
     Annual Council Reorganization Meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to request Staff prepare the necessary Resolution or Ordinance to
set the first business day of the calendar year as the date for the swearing in
of new Council Members, the election of the Mayor and Vice Mayor and the
recognition of departing Council Members/Mayor/Vice Mayor, with no other
business to be transacted at such meeting.

AMENDMENT TO THE MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded
by Mayor Scharff instead of having a Council Meeting if we can ask that the
new Council Members are sworn in on the first business day of the year.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Klein to refer this item to the Policy and Services
Committee.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-0

6. Approval of Resolution Scheduling the City Council Vacation and Winter
   Closure for 2013.
                                                                              Page 2 of 3
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 2/4/13
