                               MINUTES
Responsibility Act (TEFRA) requirements, the petitioner requested the
Council hold a public hearing in order to issue tax-exempt bonds. The
School issued a public notice as required by TEFRA and the Internal Revenue
Service Code.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, confirmed that the City's only role in the TEFRA
process was to host a public hearing. The City was not obligated on the
bonds, and issuance of the bonds would not affect the City's credit rating.
Federal law allowed certain private entities to access the tax-exempt bond
vehicle and required a sponsoring public agency to hold a public hearing
such that the public could object to issuance of the bonds. The City's only
responsibility was to allow public comment on the bonds.

Mr. Saccio noted the City would be reimbursed for administrative expenses.

Public Hearing opened and closed at 8:29 P.M. without public comments.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to: 1) conduct a public hearing under the requirements of the Tax Equity
and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1983 (TEFRA) and the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (Code); and 2) adopt a resolution (Attachment A)
approving the issuance of the bonds by the California Municipal Finance
Authority (CMFA) for the benefit of Gideon Hausner Jewish Day School, Inc.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Council was obligating the City
in any way regarding future zoning by holding the public hearing.

Ms. Stump reported no zoning matter was contained within the Council
Agenda, and no zoning matter was related to the issue. The City had no role
as a party to the bonds and had no financial obligation. The City was
providing a forum only for members of the public to speak to the issuance of
bonds by a private entity.

James Keene, City Manager, explained that the public hearing was a routine
approach to allow public comment within the public domain. There was no
liability or implication for the City.

Council Member Holman asked if the $7,000 amount to reimburse the City
was a percentage of the bond amount.

Mr. Saccio answered yes. The conduit agency utilized a formula based on
the amount of the bonds to determine the amount of reimbursement.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the $7,000 amount was sufficient
                                                                       Page 7 of 12
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 11/12/13
