                                MINUTES
Several years ago, Staff secured a 50-percent reimbursable grant from the
Federal Bureau of Reclamation for preparation of environmental documents.
The final cost to complete environmental documents was estimated to be
approximately $96,000. The EIR process would end in approximately one
year with presentation of a final EIR to the Council for consideration. Staff's
recommendation was for the Council to approve the contract. Staff wanted
to complete the EIR, capture remaining grant funds, and retain the recycled
water option for future discussion with the UAC.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the need for a contingency within the
consultant's contract.

James Keene, City Manager, explained the contingency amount covered any
unforeseen changes in a contract. A contract exceeding $85,000 required
Council authorization. Staff could continue working on a project without
seeking Council authority for contract changes if the change amount was
within the contingency limit. If contract changes exceeded the contingency
amount, then Staff had to return to the Council for authorization of
additional funds.

Council Member Kniss expressed concern about the use of contingency
amounts in contracts, and wished to have a discussion of City policy
regarding contingency amounts at the appropriate time.

Council Member Holman recalled contingency amounts were regularly 20
percent of contract amounts when she first joined the Council. That policy
had been change to 10 percent contingency amounts. She asked who would
pay for the costs of the recycled water system.

Mr. Procos reported there were many different ways to approach pricing.
Users were required to use recycled water for irrigation purposes should the
City provide recycled water. In terms of pricing, Staff was evaluating
Proposition 218 issues.

Council Member Holman inquired if there was a means to gauge public
support for the Project in general and in a scenario of water conservation
versus water for landscaping.

Mr. Procos indicated public outreach was limited to scoping meetings and
public comment periods regarding environmental documents related to the
EIR. There had not been a thorough and exhaustive process of outreach. In
developing the Facility Plan approximately four years ago, Staff held
discussions with customers.


04/01/2013                                                           112- 438
