                                MINUTES
projects in Palo Alto. Affordable senior housing had a positive impact on the
community. To provide 60 units of affordable senior housing had great
value. It was important to hold an election sooner rather than later.

Council Member Price supported the Motion as stated. The Council needed
to focus on the broader social good. The lack of affordable housing was a
cause of homelessness. The Project was well designed and provided needed
affordable housing. Extending the debate into 2014 would be divisive.
PAHC and the City offered to continue discussions with neighbors; however,
some opponents would not accept the offers. All Palo Alto voters had a right
and responsibility to vote.

Council Member Schmid requested the City Attorney comment on the City's
June 26, 2013 letter.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, had not seen the June 26, 2013
letter. City Staff contacted the tax credit association, which was aware that
the zoning did not take effect, that two referenda qualified for the ballot and
that a CEQA lawsuit was filed. A tax credit association official spoke with
Planning Department Staff who relayed pertinent information.

Council Member Schmid suggested a written status update regarding the
June 26, 2013 letter be provided to the Council. The second part of the
Motion continued the zoning change but not the Comprehensive Plan
change.   Several public speakers indicated the commitment for senior
housing was in perpetuity. He inquired whether zoning for the L-shaped
market rate homes was also in perpetuity.

Ms. Silver explained that the PC Zoning Ordinance provided that the PC
District was an overlay. If the property owner elected to develop the
property as a senior citizen housing complex, then the PC Zone superseded
the underlying zoning. The protection for the L-shaped parcels created with
the PC Zone would be in the Ordinance and would supersede any sale.

Council Member Schmid asked if those changes were considered in
perpetuity.

Ms. Silver stated the changes were not necessarily in perpetuity, because
the developer could request a zone change.

Council Member Schmid felt the proposed senior housing would be an asset
to the City. The zoning along Clemo and Maybell Avenues raised issues of
zoning and traffic for the neighborhood. He supported holding an election.

                                                                            Page 7 of 9
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 8/8/13
