              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              MINUTES
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                               June 13, 2013

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
            Shepherd

Absent:

ACTION ITEMS

1.    Continued Public Hearing – Assessment for California Avenue Area
      Parking Bonds - Plan G: FY 2013-2014; Adoption of a Resolution 9350
      entitled “Confirming Engineer’s Report and Assessment Roll, California
      Avenue Parking Project No. 92-13 (For Fiscal Year 2013-2014).”

Mayor Scharff reported this was the time and place set for the Public Hearing
of the parking assessment rolls for the California Avenue Parking District
No. 92-13, Resolution of Intention No. 7230 adopted August 9, 1993. The
City Engineer prepared and filed with the City Clerk a report providing for
the levying of special assessments within the California Avenue Parking
Assessment District. The report set forth the amounts of assessments
proposed to be levied for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013-2014. Assessments would
be utilized to pay principal and interest on bonds issued for the Assessment
District. The report was open for public inspection. At-places was an
amended version of Exhibit D. The purpose of the hearing was to allow the
Council to hear all persons having an interest in any real property within the
Parking Assessment District; to hear all objections, protests or other written
communications from any interested person; to take and receive oral and
documentary evidence pertaining to matters contained in the filed report; to
remedy and correct any error in formality in the report; and to amend, alter,
modify, correct and confirm the report and each of the assessments therein.
He inquired whether the City Clerk received any communications from
interested persons.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, replied no.



                                                                      Page 1 of 30
