                               MINUTES
Council Member Kniss asked about the procedure to obtain an overnight
parking permit.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated a permit cost of $1 would pay for administrative and
printing costs. A resident could purchase several permits at one time. He
needed to determine whether overnight permits could be purchased online.

Council Member Kniss requested Staff return with additional information
regarding online purchases.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff would communicate with Equity
Partners and the City Manager and Mayor of East Palo Alto.

Mr. Aknin replied yes.

Council Member Price requested a schedule to address an RPP program.

Mr. Aknin noted Staff held several outreach meetings primarily for
Downtown residents and commercial property owners. In September, Staff
would present a proposal for an RPP program for Downtown to the P&TC and
then to the Council. Once Staff developed the parameters for a program in
the Downtown area, then they could utilize those guidelines for other
neighborhoods.

Council Member Price asked if the $5 cost for a permit included costs for
enforcement.

Mr. Rodriguez    understood   enforcement    would   result   from    residents'
complaints.

Council Member Price inquired whether people without an overnight permit
would be warned or receive a citation.

Mr. Rodriguez explained warnings would be issued during the first two weeks
of the trial period. After that the Police Department would issue citations.

Council Member Price asked if Staff's analysis of the program would include
impacts to adjacent streets.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff would return to the area to count cars.

Council Member Holman asked why the 51 percent versus 70 percent
requirement and information about the East Palo Alto parking lots were not
included in the Staff Report.
                                                                          Page 8 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/12/13
