                               MINUTES

Ms. Stump explained sleeping, eating and resting were included in the
Ordinance as illustrative facts that could cause a police officer to conclude
that a vehicle was being used as a dwelling place. The operative language
was dwelling place.

Mayor Scharff reported the Policy and Services Committee would continue
the discussion of homelessness on August 13, 2013.      Approval of the
Amendment would be a mistake, because the success of the Santa Barbara
and Eugene programs were unknown. The Policy and Services Committee
needed to review alternative programs to determine their effectiveness.
Including the Human Relations Commission (HRC) would delay provision of
services to the homeless. He would not support the Amendment.

Council Member Berman understood the situation at Cubberley was
untenable. The safety concerns of neighborhood residents were serious and
real. The Council had an obligation to address those concerns. Originally he
believed other steps should be taken prior to implementing a ban on vehicle
habitation. He wanted to see an analysis of using City parking lots for
vehicle dwellers. He suggested removing from the Amendment the Eugene,
Oregon, program as an alternative model.

Council Member Burt noted the Santa Barbara and Eugene programs were
included in the Amendment as examples of alternative models, and agreed
to remove the Eugene, Oregon, program from the Amendment.

Council Member Klein opposed the Amendment, because it directed Staff to
prepare an RFP without review by the Council or the Policy and Services
Committee. In addition, there were no details as to what the RFP was to
accomplish.

Vice Mayor Shepherd liked the thinking on the Amendment but could not
support it.  The discussion should occur at the Policy and Services
Committee. The HRC should have a role in the discussion.

Council Member Price would not support the Amendment. The suggestions
in the Amendment would inform the Policy and Services Committee's
discussion. The community was already offering recommendations and
proposals. The issue was not just enhanced services, but more affordable
housing.

Council Member Kniss hoped the community would provide ideas at the
Policy and Services Committee meeting.

                                                                          Page 17 of 18
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
