                               MINUTES
Robert Moss reported the cost for fiber to the premises would be
approximately $12 million to $13 million.        The current fiber system
generated more than $12 million in assets. Benefits of fiber to the premises
were residents working from home, fewer cars on the road, lower carbon
emissions, and a means to attract businesses to the area.

Herb Borock reported the U.S. Postal Service was soliciting input regarding
the sale of the Post Office at 380 Hamilton Avenue to a private party. The
sale would not have an adverse historic effect if there was an adequate and
legally binding preservation covenant as part of the sale. The appropriate
party to hold such a covenant was the City of Palo Alto.

Stephanie Munoz did not support eviction of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park
residents. The City had reduced low-income housing. Working class people
were losing their jobs and homes. The lack of good schools was a problem.

Litsie Indergand stated Buena Vista Mobile Home Park was home to more
than 175 people, many of whom were low income, elderly, or disabled. Palo
Alto could not afford to lose affordable housing units. There was no
comparable housing in a comparable community for these residents. She
encouraged the Council not to deprive the residents of their homes.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve the minutes of January 14, January 22, and January 28, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman and Mayor Scharff to remove Agenda Item Number 7 from the
Consent Calendar to become Agenda Item Number 14a.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-6 and 8-14.

3.   Resolution 9322 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving a Carbon Neutral Plan for the Electric Supply Portfolio
     to Achieve Carbon Neutrality by 2013”.




03-04-2013                                                         112- 342
