                  WORKING MINUTES
2014, the Caltrain Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) would be
released.     In late 2014, Caltrain expected to proceed with a final
Environmental Impact Report (EIR). With respect to legislation, Staff was
concerned that California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) reform would
negatively impact the project. CEQA reform did not occur in the 2013
legislative session. The City was successful in working with Senator Hill
regarding clean-up legislation for HSR.              Neither the House of
Representatives nor the Senate passed transportation funding bills. Program
funding for Fiscal Year (FY) 2014 would likely remain at the FY 2013 level.
The City's federal legislative advocate anticipated no Federal funding for HSR
in 2014. Caltrain recommended a design build contract for the electrification
project. Caltrain was evaluating rolling stock options for an electrified
corridor. Caltrain was also reviewing level boarding for the system. In the
coming weeks within Palo Alto, Caltrain would install fiber optic cable to
support the advanced signal system and install a radio communication pole.
He provided updates regarding the Atherton appeal lawsuit and the case of
Tos v. California High Speed Rail Authority. The CHSRA filed a lawsuit
seeking to validate the issuance of $9 billion in Proposition 1A bonds.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted clean-up legislation regarding HSR was enacted.
The Council's Guiding Principles allowed Staff to work independently of the
Rail Committee (Committee) with good results.         Council Member Burt
attended Peninsula Cities Consortium (PCC) meetings and acted as the City's
liaison to the Caltrain Policy Advisory Committee. He was working with the
PCC to enhance policy conversations at the Policy Advisory Committee. The
Committee would meet in December 2013 to update information and would
be active in 2014 regarding the DEIR.

Stephen Rosenblum commended the Committee for recommending the
grade separation study. He suggested the Council consider a covered trench
rather than an open trench to gain real estate. Grade-level crossings had
many liabilities.

Council Member Kniss explained that installation of CBOSS would improve
safety and signalization of trains and allow the addition of trains. She
requested Staff comment on CBOSS.

Mr. Hackmann indicated CBOSS was mandated by Federal regulations.
CBOSS incorporated sophisticated technology to track and control trains.

Council Member Kniss stated implementation of CBOSS would allow the
transportation of more passengers.


                                                                             Page 10 of 24
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
