                                MINUTES
Cory Wolbach, Office of Senator Jerry Hill, reported on bills recently passed
by the State Legislature. SB 132, the Mountain Lion Protection Act, required
the use of non-lethal measures to remove a mountain lion from a
neighborhood unless the mountain lion posed an imminent threat. SB 589
allowed voters by mail to learn what happened to their votes. Voters by
mail could contact their local Registrar of Voters to learn whether their votes
were counted. SB 557, of particular interest to Palo Alto, ensured funding
could not be removed from Caltrain electrification and reiterated that a
blended system must be used on the Peninsula. A senior scam stopper
seminar was scheduled for September 27, 2013.

Herb Borock reviewed the history of the appointment of Michael Edmonds as
Acting City Auditor. All meetings concerning Mr. Edmonds' appointment
were public as required by the Brown Act. No public meetings were held
regarding the current appointment of an Acting City Auditor.

Stephanie Munoz requested the Council review the City's basic development
policy.

Omar Chatty reported three people were killed by Caltrain over the past two
weeks. Caltrain was outdated and should be replaced. Since 1995, 199
people had died. A blended system was not safe. The electrification project
was really for High Speed Rail rather than for Caltrain.

Trina Lovercheck felt Ordinances were adopted without data supporting the
need for the Ordinances. She reviewed the Human Relations Commission's
history regarding homelessness.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve the Minutes of August 12, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-10.

4.    Budget Amendment Ordinance 5211 entitled “Budget Amendment
      Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto to Appropriate the
      State Homeland Security Grant Program Funds for Blue Card
      Command and Control Certification.”
                                                                          Page 8 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 9/16/13
