                               MINUTES
Herb Borock inquired about provisions to reopen the GreenWaste contract,
timing for those actions, and whether GreenWaste could change revenue
provisions if the pilot program was implemented City-wide.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated the Finance Committee (Committee) provided
direction to Staff rather than a recommendation for the Council. Staff
presented two possibilities: keeping the black bin and infrequent collection.
The Committee felt simplicity was important. Staff refined the pilot program
and requested Council approval.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to
approve and authorize Staff to implement a Pilot Residential Compostables
Collection program for a one-year period in a small geographic area that will
be evaluated and selected by Public Works Environmental Services Division
Staff.

Council Member Schmid asked where the two carts were sorted.

Mr. Arp stated the blue cart would go to Z-Best in San Jose. The green cart
would continue going to the SMaRT Station.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether those two facilities would increase
their staff to separate the garbage collected in Palo Alto.

Mr. Arp indicated staff would not increase for the pilot program. The pilot
program would provide the facilities with information of how many additional
staff they would need if the pilot program was instituted City-wide.

Council Member Schmid asked if the City would receive an assessment of
potential costs.

Mr. Arp answered yes.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the amount of garbage that would go
to landfills.

Mr. Arp reported the amount of food-related compostables in garbage
increased from 44 percent to 50 percent. If 25 percent of waste was true
garbage, then the goal was to eliminate that 25 percent.

Council Member Schmid asked if the SMaRT Station would send waste to Z-
Best and Kirby Canyon for anaerobic digestion.



01-14-2013                                                          112- 194
