                               MINUTES
School Childcare Sites were removed, because the City paid for the sites
through the Cubberley Agreement. Parking garages in Downtown and
California Avenue were added to the list after discussion of the Council's
Priority and parking impacts. The History Museum at the Roth Building was
added to gauge public support for funding. Staff requested Council approval
of the project list for public opinion polling, so that polling could occur in
April 2013. Staff would present survey results in June 2013.

James Keene, City Manager, stated it would be a mistake to think of the list
as the infrastructure project list. This was a list for baseline polling. The
Council could subsequently modify the list. Polling on a set of projects would
not influence a subsequent poll.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, noted Council Member Holman would need to
recuse herself from consideration of the History Museum.             Staff
recommended the Council vote on items serially or as a group while holding
out the History Museum discussion and vote.

Adina Levin, Sierra Club and Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition, supported
funding bike and pedestrian projects. Consideration of parking garages prior
to having parking data was premature.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to make the following changes to the list of projects approved by the
Infrastructure Committee on March 7, 2013 for the public opinion research
firm to use in development of polling questions on a potential ballot measure
to fund infrastructure needs:       Remove Byxbee Park project, remove
Cubberley Replace/Expand project, remove the Post Office project, remove
the School Childcare Sites project, add the Downtown Parking Garage and
California Avenue Parking Garage project.

Council Member Klein stated the list was not an endorsement for any
project; it was a means for the Council to gather information. Polling helped
the Council make decisions regarding the number of libraries and the library
bond measure.      The Council had approximately one year to gather
information in order to decide whether or not to include a bond measure on
the 2014 ballot.

Council Member Burt agreed that polling was a method to learn the
community's opinions. He requested Staff's rationale for including streets
and sidewalks when the City had a plan to accelerate improvements.



                                                                        Page 25 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 3/18/13
