                               MINUTES
general comprehensive master plan for a parcel of Cubberleys’ size. The
concept and articulation of shared use needed to be refined; the Guiding
Principles that had been developed during the course of the Cubberley effort
should be considered in future activities.

Council Member Kniss felt it was important for the community to understand
Council was sharing their thoughts, not negotiating tactics. Once
negotiations were underway alterations were more fluid. The original intent
of the lease in 1988 was for the School Board to be assisted by the City
Council. The City owned one-quarter of the Cubberley site while the PAUSD
owned the other three-quarters so the concept of a shared plan would not
be equal. She believed completing the needs assessment was a valid tool to
have.

Council Member Schmid stated it was important to draw in and maintain new
and standing community members. The PAUSD would not be where they
were today without the assistance of the City in the 1980’s. The PAUSD and
the City support the same voters, the same community, and desire the same
achievement of a successful City.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved that the City
would explore a joint shared City/School District use for Cubberley.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND.

Council Member Schmid acknowledged there were ample elements of
Cubberley that would benefit all involved parties. He suggested as the
discussion continued that the PAUSD and the City work together to achieve
the best outcome for the families of Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Shepherd supported the Motion. She noted Cubberley had been a
community center longer than it was an active school site. She hoped to
actively maintain the CCAC report through the future negotiations of the
site. There were a number of joint efforts in the current lease agreement;
Palo Alto child care, the sports programs at the middle schools, and field
uses. The thought of a longer term lease agreement provided more time to
consider and identify what needs to be done.

Council Member Burt agreed with the Motion but felt it did not accomplish all
that should be discussed. There was a series of recommendations from the
CCAC and the Council had not discussed which ones they agreed to,
disagreed with, or could be modified. He felt the Council owed the
community what principles they saw going forward for Cubberley and from
PAUSD. The goal would be for P&S to return recommendations to the Council
                                                                       Page 15 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/13/13
