                             MINUTES
Robert Moss, thought it was unprecedented to have a Special City Council
Meeting on a Friday. He noted that the Adopted Project report said there
were “large numbers of seniors;” and announced some actual numbers of
people that would be displaced.     The traffic on Maybell Avenue was
dangerous and was incompatible with the residential zoning in the area.

Deb Goldeen, supported the Palo Alto Housing Corporation and said it was
an anchor for the community. She thought the Palo Alto municipality
needed to support low income housing developments, housing for seniors,
and housing for stable mentally challenged people. If there was effective
traffic engineering in the Maybell Avenue neighborhood, there would not be
problems.

Jennifer Fryhling, asked the City Council to reconsider the Maybell Avenue
Ordinance and brought out that the “In Lieu Below Market Housing Fee” was
changed or deleted in the original Ordinance. She also made note that the
Mitigated Monitoring Program report was not in any previous reports
submitted to Council.

Candice Gonzalez, Executive Director of the Palo Alto Housing Authority,
supported the Maybell Avenue Project and said the project would generate
the least amount of impact in comparison with other projects.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Number 1.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved to remove Agenda Item Number
1 from the Consent Calendar.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO A LACK OF A SECOND AND A THIRD

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman and Scharff absent

Council Member Burt asked the City Attorney to remark on Ms. Fryhling’s
comments regarding noted changes in the Maybell Avenue Ordinance.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney referenced the ‘In Lieu Housing
Fee’ and said the amount was put into the ‘Conditions of Approval’ report.
Staff thought it was more appropriate in that place.     She added that the
‘Mitigation Monitoring report’ was provided At Places tonight. The Mitigation
Monitoring report contained the same mitigation measures that were
contained in the Mitigated Negative Declaration.


                                                                            Page 2 of 3
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/28/13
