                               MINUTES

Council Member Price wanted a specific timeframe for holding a study
session.

Council Member Burt suggested a joint study session be scheduled for the
early fall.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired       about   the   status   of     the     Downtown
Development Cap Study.

Mr. Aknin reported Staff was reviewing bids and beginning interviews.                  In
August Staff would return to the Council for contract approval.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked when a final report would be available.

Mr. Aknin explained that the Development Cap Study was broken into two
phases and would require four to six months to complete. A final report
could be available in early 2014.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Downtown Development Cap
Study would be discussed as part of 27 University Avenue or independently.

Mr. Keene inquired about the intent of the Council's discussion in August
regarding guidelines or principles. He did not believe that the Motion
anticipated the Council having data from studies; however, they could
inform any Guiding Principles applied to the project.

Council Member Schmid indicated the intention was to review the project
strategically. The key question was whether the 27 University Avenue
project, if rezoned, would be included in Downtown. Data from the various
studies was not needed for the discussion; however, the studies would
inform the types of guidelines applied to developments.

Mr. Keene noted the discussions could proceed on a linear track or on
parallel tracks.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the 12 public outreach meetings
would solely be outreach or would each meeting discuss one component of
the 27 University Avenue Project. She favored the Focused Community
Input Process but with more meetings. She wanted the public benefits
discussion, but could not support the Motion. She inquired about the role of
Stanford University in the vision process.


                                                                               Page 6 of 35
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 06/03/13
