                  WORKING MINUTES
Jacques Adler recalled previous efforts to reduce use of the Dish. Reducing
the number of parking spaces would reduce use of the Dish. The Dish was
an important asset to the community.

Stuart Klein estimated 150,000 community members utilized the Dish. The
proposal to move parking created safety, health and welfare issues. He
urged the Council and County Supervisors to work with Stanford University
to balance the needs of the community with the needs of Stanford
University.

Marcia Sterling, Committee for Dish Access, was concerned that the proposal
to eliminate parking would negatively impact the health, safety and welfare
of the community. The congestion along Stanford Avenue resulted from
people seeking too few parking places. Reducing the number of parking
spaces was not a solution to the problem.

Chuck Jagoda requested the Council and Supervisor Simitian support the
armory in Sunnyvale remaining open as temporary housing for the winter of
2014. He encouraged the public to attend the Stop the Ban meeting. The
City could contribute the use of City parking lots for a safe parking program.

Edie Keating encouraged the Council and the public to attend the Stop the
Ban meeting. The Safe Parking Program was a win-win program for the
Santa Barbara area.

Supervisor Simitian explained staff assignments in his office and hours of the
district office at the North County Courthouse. Many issues such as the Dish
and homelessness were returning to the forefront of discussion.

Council Member Kniss requested Supervisor Simitian comment on light
synchronization on county roads.

Supervisor Simitian reported Santa Clara County (County) Staff worked with
City Staff regarding lights on Oregon Expressway. The first priority was to
provide for a dedicated left-hand turn arrow. In addition lights would be
further synchronized to allow easier traffic flow Monday through Friday.
Currently the project was scheduled to be implemented by the end of 2014.

Council Member Kniss noted those were county roads. She would not
request Supervisor Simitian discuss the Stanford Avenue closure at length,
but requested he comment on the hearing to be held in Palo Alto.

Supervisor Simitian reported the issue was not before the County. He
recommended constituents suggest solutions rather than enumerate
                                                                              Page 2 of 24
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
