Council Member Kniss understood the neighborhood wanted a grocery store
in the location. The Council received community complaints about the high
price of groceries. Grocery Outlet felt strongly about the sign. Mr. McNellis
had diligent searched for potential tenants. The space was small for a
grocery store.

Council Member Klein wanted to give a new store a chance to succeed.
Alma Street was designed with fewer traffic lights; consequently, cars drove
faster on Alma Street making it difficult to read signs. The proposed sign
was smaller than the prior sign approved for the location.

Council Member Burt inquired about the proposed sign's height above the
roofline.

Mr. Aknin replied 10 feet above the immediate roofline.

Council Member Burt noted a grocery at Alma Village needed stronger
signage than what the Council generally approved. The community seemed
to support having a grocery. If the proposed sign was only as tall as the
building, it would still be the largest signage along Alma Street, perhaps the
largest in the community. If Grocery Outlet was willing to accept a sign of
that size, it would build good will with the community. He asked if Grocery
Outlet would be willing to accept a sign smaller than proposed as a
compromise, perhaps a sign in the neighborhood of the height of the
building.

Mr. Drasin reported Grocery Outlet redesigned the sign several times in
response to Staff and ARB requests. The proposed sign was the minimum
sign schematic that would be beneficial for success.

Council Member Burt recalled the development history of Alma Plaza/Village.
He did not want to see another grocery fail at the site. He would prefer a
different sign, but that was not the issue. The Council would jeopardize the
store locating at Alma Village if it did not approve the proposed sign.

Vice Mayor Shepherd recently learned that low-income residents did not
have an affordable grocery in Palo Alto.    Ms. Furman mentioned that
opponents of the proposed sign attended the ARB hearing, and inquired
whether any of them addressed the ARB with their concerns.

Ms. Furman did not believe so.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if Ms. Furman stated neighbors were present at
the ARB hearing.


                                  13                      December 16, 2013
