                               MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to adopt guidelines for the lease renewal and that they consist of
eliminating the covenant not to develop, that the City not pay rent on the 8
acres they own, and any funds that would be freed up by those two changes
would be dedicated toward future infrastructure improvements at Cubberley.

Mayor Scharff believed the issues in the Motion would to be agendized in the
next meeting in terms of developing Guiding Principles and having a
thoughtful and long term discussion.

Council Member Burt felt the Motion was necessary prior to the May 20 th
Closed Session lease negotiation.

Council Member Berman stated the Motion was a way to update the current
lease and make it more equitable to the current situation while using the
savings toward that broader community need.

Council Member Klein would support the Motion as a Closed Session
discussion but did not support negotiations in an open arena. The more rigid
the guidelines the less flexibility the City Manager had in negotiations.

Council Member Kniss believed there needed to be a great deal of flexibility
during negotiations. The negotiation between the City and the PAUSD was
specific and she was unfamiliar with each aspect without the basic needs
assessment.

Council Member Price did not support the Motion as she felt it was
premature.

Mayor Scharff did not support the Motion because of the impending
negotiations.

MOTION FAILED: 3-5 Berman, Burt, Schmid Yes, Holman Absent

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to move Agenda Item 2 “2. CONFERENCE WITH LABOR
NEGOTIATORS City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his
designees pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene,
Pamela Antil, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Kathryn Shen, Sandra Blanch, Marcie
Scott, Darrell Murray, Val Fong) Employee Organization: Utilities
Management and Professional Association of Palo Alto (UMPAPA) Authority:
Government Code Section 54957.6(a)” and Agenda Item 16, “Consideration
of City of Palo Alto Offer to Purchase U.S. Post Office Building at 380
Hamilton Avenue and Agreement to Assume Enforcement of Historic
                                                                      Page 18 of 21
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/13/13
