an earthquake. We owe it to our public safety workers and to ourselves to
make the right choice and build a new public safety building. Our new
Council Infrastructure Committee will be focused on figuring out how to
finally make a new public safety building a reality.

Last year, the Jay Paul Company approached the City about a proposal for
additional office space at the AOL site using the Planned Community (PC)
process just off California Avenue with the public benefit being the
construction of the shell for a new public safety building. The Planning &
Transportation Commission recently reviewed the project and determined
that given the scale of the project, the public benefits weren’t sufficient. I
agree with the Planning & Transportation Commission and would expect
that, with the potential scale of the project, the Jay Paul Company should
simply pay for the new Public Safety building. The City Manager has
directed staff to contract for an independent third party financial analysis of
the value of the PC rezoning to inform the scale of public benefits.

Undergrounding Utilities
Finally, I want to address the lingering issue of undergrounding Palo Alto’s
electric utilities. Palo Alto has been working on undergrounding its utilities
since 1965. At this point approximately 45% of the physical area of the City
has been undergrounded and from my experience the community believes
that eventually the City will underground the utilities on their street. In the
past there has been money from the phone and cable companies to share
the cost of undergrounding the utilities. Cable and telephone companies
have traditionally paid 40% of this cost. This for the most part is no longer
the case and there are no plans or money set aside to underground any of
the utilities in our residential neighborhoods.

Current plans to underground utilities are very limited, and are limited to
commercial areas around downtown where others will share the cost. One
of the most frequent questions I get is when are they going to underground
the utilities in my neighborhood? The answer under current policy is never.
This year the City Council will be taking up this lingering issue and make a
determination in conjunction with the community, including possibly forming
a community task force as recommended by the UAC and the Finance
Committee, as to whether we should underground all of the utilities in Palo
Alto, and if so what is a realistic plan for doing so.

3. Technology and the Connected City

Palo Alto should be the Leading Digital City of the future. Council, by
designating Technology and the Connected City as one of the three priorities
for 2013, is affirming its commitment to making it so. Palo Alto recognizes


                                      12
