                               MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the study was supposed to determine a salary
range and provide flexibility to reward good work. The City wanted a stream
of knowledgeable workers who could replace retired workers. She wanted to
see the amendments made in order to address other issues. She asked
when the Council would discuss employee transit management.

Mr. Keene intended to have that conversation at another time.            Staff
discussed collecting information related to private sector jobs, but obtaining
information was difficult and complicated.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Kniss absent, Price no

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price said she had been attending Youth Council Meetings.
The youth were interested in engaging on issues such as the Connected City
and the Downtown and California Avenue Council Priorities as well as
upcoming events such as the Hackathon. She also discussed an Art Center
Event and Project Safety Net projects that relate to youth.

Council Member Burt reported that the Santa Clara County Emergency
Preparedness Council has begun to explore consolidating efforts. Different
functions could merge into an operational council similar to the Valley
Transportation Authority Board structure. The Stanford University Steering
Committee for the future of Searsville Reservoir formed an advisory
committee of stakeholders which includes Palo Alto. He was invited to
participate as the Palo Alto Representative.

Vice Mayor Shepherd participated in the Abilities United 50 year anniversary.
Palo Alto was honored with an award which she presented to the Council.
She also announced the League of Cities Conference was coming up and she
recommended colleagues attend.

Council Member Holman said she had been selected to serve on the Mid-
Peninsula Regional Open Space District’s Community Advisory Committee as
the Co-Chair.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 11:08 P.M.




                                                                        Page 26 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 5/6/13
