                            MINUTES
Council would have to consider whether to take action or have a special
meeting. If the Council held a special meeting on June 20, then it could
have a second reading before the end of June.

Ms. Stump indicated Council approval of a project on June 17 would leave
only two business days, June 27 and 28, for a second reading. The last two
days of June fell on Saturday and Sunday.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION TO CONTINUE: Council Member Klein moved,
seconded by Mayor Scharff that the agreement, if one is reached, would be
submitted to City Clerk’s Office no later than 1:00 P.M. on Monday, June 17,
2013.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION TO CONTINUE PASSED:                      8-0        Holman
Abstaining

Council Member Price inquired whether negotiating parties could include
individuals involved in the community working group and who spoke at the
public hearing held June 10.

Council Member Klein wanted the parties to be PAHC and those adversarial
to PAHC.    PAHC could represent individuals in favor of the project.
Negotiations would not be successful if parties were simply making
speeches.

Council Member Price felt the individual participants could assist the
discussion.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested the City Attorney comment regarding
negotiating parameters.

Ms. Silver reported the neighborhood voiced a variety of issues. The City
chose not to address those issues as required Conditions of Approval or as
mitigation measures in the MND, because the documentation did not legally
justify the requirements. Additional measures could be adopted that would
assist the neighborhood.       Many measures could address the existing
conditions more than the actual project impacts, because project impacts
were small in relation to overall conditions.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired about the existing conditions that concerned
neighborhoods.

Ms. Silver indicated some issues were described in improvements considered
for Maybell Avenue, such as Safe Route to School improvements, sidewalks,
additional crossing guards, and shuttle services.

                                                                        Page 13 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
