                            MINUTES
Council Member Berman inquired whether the City could prevent a developer
from constructing one or more driveways onto Maybell Avenue under
existing zoning.

Ms. Silver reported the City could have some input if the project required a
subdivision map.

Council Member Berman felt in all likelihood the developer would be allowed
to construct a driveway onto Maybell Avenue.

Ms. Silver answered yes, because there were four existing houses with
driveways onto Maybell Avenue.

Council Member Berman asked how PAHC could construct sidewalks in front
of existing homes on Maybell Avenue.

Ms. Silver indicated the applicant agreed to provide a certain amount of
money to study the area. Staff needed an additional survey to determine
who owned the right-of-way. PAHC could own the landscape buffer on the
south side of Maybell Avenue that was considered a right-of-way. There
may not be a City easement over that right-of-way.

Council Member Berman requested the applicant explain the history of the
sale of this site.

Candace Gonzales, Executive Director of Palo Alto Housing Corporation,
stated the property had been on the market for the last few years, and PAHC
considered purchasing the site because it was adjacent to an existing PAHC
site. In 2011, PAHC was unsuccessful in a bidding competition with other
developers. The property owners returned the property to the market, and
PAHC was successful in a second bidding competition.

Council Member Berman asked why the property owners chose PAHC over
private developers.

Ms. Gonzales explained the owners wanted to close the sale before 2013
capital tax gains increased and to take advantage of the charitable
contribution.

Council Member Berman inquired about PAHC's means to fund construction
of the project.

Ms. Gonzales reported the purchase price was funded through five or six
different sources. PAHC would apply for tax credits in July 2013 which would
supply approximately $13 million for construction of senior housing. In
addition, PAHC would utilize a conventional construction loan.
                                                                         Page 6 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/13/13
