                               MINUTES
Council Member Klein suggested Staff review the use of development impact
fees.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to refer this item to the Policy and Services Committee to develop formal
Guiding Principles and an approval process for the use of Stanford University
Medical Center Development Agreement funds. Furthermore, to authorize
the use of $2 million from such funds for Project Safety Net.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted to eliminate proposed Guiding Principle
Number 8 from Policy and Services Committee review.

Council Member Klein preferred not to restrict the Policy and Services
Committee discussion.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Motion was for the Policy and
Services Committee to draft Guiding Principles outside of Staff's
recommendations.

Council Member Klein suggested the Policy and Services Committee could
use or not use suggested language.

Vice Mayor Shepherd clarified that the Motion was for the Policy and
Services Committee to draft Guiding Principles with Staff input but without
restrictions. She inquired whether the Council would review Staff's
recommendation for the $173 million from Stanford University.

Mr. Keene indicated one of the largest pieces was related to the purchase of
Go Passes and other Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
requirements as part of the project.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was interested in the in-lieu fee for housing.

Mr. Williams noted $1.7 million of the Infrastructure, Sustainable
Neighborhoods and Affordable Housing amount was devoted to housing.
Remaining funding could be used for affordable housing or other projects.

Vice Mayor Shepherd agreed with Council Member Klein's comments
regarding endowment, and preferred to spend funds for capital
improvements. Reserving funds for the future did not allow for needed
incremental improvements. She asked if a proposal for additional shuttles
would be appropriate under the Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods
and Affordable Housing category or Climate Change and Sustainability
category.
                                                                       Page 11 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/6/13
