                               MINUTES
Davino Brown stated the project was ridiculous. The former Borders building
at 456 University Avenue could revert to a theater according to existing
zoning.

Robin Kennedy, TheatreWorks Board of Directors Chairperson, indicated the
project should include a professional performing arts theater to improve
connections between Stanford University and Palo Alto.

Beth Bunnenberg reported the location of the Julia Morgan Building was a
key land-use decision that needed to be considered carefully. Left at its
current location, the Julia Morgan Building could be incorporated with
buildings more to the same scale.

Martin Sommer recommended the Council adopt Option 2 or 3. Option 3
was similar to the South of Forest Area (SOFA), which was a beautiful area.
The area was too valuable to utilize only a few community meetings. He
volunteered for a task force if created by the Council.

GE Smith felt the proposed theater would provide many benefits to the City.

Donald Kennedy stated Palo Alto could not truly be great without the arts.

Barbara Shapiro referenced a study from the American Planning Association
regarding arts and economic development.          Cultural events generated
significant positive impacts on dining and shopping.

Mark Vershel remarked that TheatreWorks touched students through many
educational programs.

Elaine Meyer recommended the Council maintain height limits and ensure
development was traffic and parking neutral. TheatreWorks was not a public
benefit as the City had no control over it. Mr. Arrillaga and Stanford
University should fund a Transit Center rather than a theater. Development
proposals should follow public opinion.

AJ Lumsdaine, speaking on behalf of a group, proposed a compromise for 27
University Avenue, Maybell Orchards, and neighbors of both locations. The
Julia Morgan Building could be relocated to Maybell Orchards to become a
meeting place and educational center. The four existing homes at Maybell
Orchards could be sold at market rate to repay the original purchase price.
The 27 University Avenue project could include affordable housing where
transit, services and amenities were plentiful for seniors.


                                                                            Page 3 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
