                               MINUTES
10.   Approval of a Contract with Geosyntec Consultants in the Total Amount
      of $241,000 for Preliminary Site Remediation Design and Permitting
      Services for the Former Los Altos Treatment Plant Located at 1237
      North San Antonio Road (CIP PO-12002).

11.   Resolution 9325 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City Manager to Submit a Grant Application to the
      California Department of Water Resources for an Enhanced Regional
      Flood Warning System for the San Francisquito Creek Watershed.”

12.   Appointment of Lanie Wheeler to the Emergency Standby Council,
      Replacing Judy Kleinberg.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Burt, Schmid, Shepherd absent

Council Member Kniss asked when Agenda Item Number 9 would return to
the Council.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, noted the City Manager wanted it to return as an
Action Item on Monday, April 8, 2013.

ACTION ITEMS

13.   Approval of a Water Enterprise Fund Contract with RMC Water and
      Environment, Inc. for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $193,914 to
      Complete the Environmental Analysis of Expanding the City's Recycled
      Water Delivery System.

Nicolas Procos, Senior Resource Planner, provided background information
for the Recycled Water Program in Palo Alto. The Project would serve the
demand for irrigation water in the Stanford Research Park area. In February
2013 Staff presented a Water Integrated Resource Plan (IRP) update to the
Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC). Staff performed a preliminary analysis
of portfolio options, including use of groundwater and a connection to the
Santa Clara Valley Water District treated water system. With regard to the
Recycled Water Program, the recommendation was to complete the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) and to develop a financing plan for the
Project. Staff also discussed with the UAC possible sale of a portion of the
City's water supply entitlement. The UAC provided conceptual approval to
further analyze options. Staff wanted to complete the Federal and State
environmental review. Consultant costs were estimated to be approximately
$176,000 including a contingency amount.



04/01/2013                                                          112- 437
