                             MINUTES
owner to develop plans and submit an application for review of the Lot P
Parking Garage project.

Council Member Price felt the Project was an opportunity to address the
need for parking in Downtown. She supported the key terms as outlined in
the Staff Report. The shared-use concept was logical and increased parking
capacity. She hoped additional design features would be embedded in the
parking structure. By providing additional parking, the structure would
provide a positive impact for the community. The most significant benefit
was the construction of a parking structure at a pace much faster than would
be possible if solely City owned. A public-private partnership was one of
many options the City needed to pursue aggressively. She did not support
expansion of parking capacity as the sole means of solving the parking
problem. The City should consider Transportation Demand Management
(TDM) and encourage alternative transportation.

Mayor Scharff reported the Council was attacking the parking problem on a
variety of fronts. The Project would provide 145 parking spaces. Collecting
in-lieu parking fees sufficient to pay for a parking structure was a slow
process. He suggested adding a sixth floor to the Project and limiting the
life of the easement to 30-50 years or no longer than the life of the parking
structure. He assumed the terms of the MOU would address the easement.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the City had constructed a public-
private garage previously.

Mr. Williams replied no. Some of the Planned Community (PC) zoned
projects required public parking as part of the public benefit package;
however, they were not located on public land.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the City would need additional parking garages in
Downtown, because TDM alone could not manage the traffic capacity.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff could share examples of public-private garages
from around the country.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether adding a sixth story to the parking
structure would trigger additional requirements.

Mr. Williams reported a sixth story would extend beyond the 50-foot height
limit. The Council would have to grant a variance or PC zoning or other
mechanism to allow that. It would not necessarily trigger an Environmental
Impact Report (EIR). The review process would consider the visual impact
as part of an expanded Mitigated Negative Declaration.

                                                                         Page 9 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
