                                MINUTES
concerning Caltrain modernization improvements and the second regarding
subsequent improvements related to HSR.

Mayor Scharff noted CCRC Guiding Principle Number 16 amendments were
at places, because Staff had concerns regarding the language.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to approve the revisions to the Rail Committee Guiding Principles, as follows:
 Guiding Principle No. 3 was updated to clarify that during the
   environmental review stage, equal attention shall be given to all Palo Alto
   neighborhoods. Adopted mitigation measures should be proportionate to
   the impacts identified in the studies.
 Guiding Principle No. 12 now states that while the City supports Caltrain
   Modernization, the City’s position of electrification cannot be determined
   until the environmental impacts are studied, identified and suitable
   mitigation measures are implemented.
 Guiding Principle No. 16 language was strengthened, stating that the
   California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the National
   Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) shall not be modified in any way that
   affects the HSR or Caltrain Corridor environmental review process as
   currently required by law.
 Guiding Principle No. 17 was added, stating that the overall
   environmental review process should be comprised of two separate
   Environmental Impact Reports. The first EIR should be for the Caltrain
   Modernization Project. The second EIR should address any subsequent
   improvements proposed or necessary for HSR operation in the corridor.
 Minor language changes and clarifications were made throughout the
   document, all of which are shown in the attached redlined document.

Adina Levin stated under the blended system, Palo Alto would likely have
two tracks or possibly three tracks. The impacts of grade separating two
tracks were fewer. She encouraged the Council to review the benefits of
Caltrain electrification to address traffic and parking problems, and to review
various realistic options for grade separations and funding.

Herb Borock understood Council Member Klein's Motion was to adopt the
CCRC's recommendation; however, the current recommendation was
provided by Staff. The Council should adopt the recommendation for Item
Number 16 in the Staff Report, because it included the judicial process.

Council Member Klein expressed concern about language in Item Number
16.   The primary difference from the CCRC's language concerned the
environmental review process as currently required by law. That language
could mean the City would be opposed to a law that made CEQA stricter.
                                                                          Page 8 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
