Mr. Williams felt focusing on transferring the 350 units would lend credibility
to the argument for transferring the units. If Staff had to argue all issues,
then the transfer could be lost among all the issues. Including all arguments
increased the difficulty of focusing ABAG's attention.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the public would support the Amendment. She
had concerns about including issues not directly connected to reducing ABAG
numbers, and did not want ABAG to summarily dismiss all arguments. She
asked if the City could send two separate letters; one related to transferring
the 350 units, and one related to the allocation of housing units.

Mr. Williams indicated that was possible. Staff originally created a cover
letter containing all issues, while the appeal template contained only the one
issue. The majority of the RHMC felt a cover letter and template made
essentially the same point. Staff could put all issues in the cover letter and
the one issue in the appeal template.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the Amendment directed Staff to appeal based
on the numbers and the methodology.

Mr. Williams reported that was his understanding of the Amendment.

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested a friendly Amendment to the Amendment to
include the Amendment in a cover letter and not in the actual appeal.

Council Member Schmid agreed.

Council Member Klein disagreed.

Vice Mayor Shepherd would not support the Amendment.

Council Member Kniss did not recall ABAG retaliating in any significant
manner, and asked if that was correct.

Mr. Williams did not believe ABAG had ever retaliated.      There was a five-
year period before the next cycle.

Council Member Kniss did not believe ABAG could attack Palo Alto through
the current process. The County was not encouraged to give up their
numbers.

Council Member Schmid stated the Amendment included sending the appeal
to ABAG and copying the appeal to the HCD and DoF. He felt it important
for the key players to know the issues.


                                   12                     February 11, 2013
