could close. That would result in a closed shopping center. He would rather
have a grocery store and a shopping center than not.

Ms. Furman felt an Asian grocery store was needed.

Mayor Scharff reported Mr. McNellis had searched for an Asian grocery store.

Ms. Furman stated the design of the shopping center made it difficult for
stores to succeed. A grocery store and a Starbucks did not make a
neighborhood center.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Holman, Price, Schmid no

Council took a break at 9:47 P.M.

Council returned from break at 9:57 P.M.

Mayor Scharff announced Agenda Item Numbers 17 and 18 would be
postponed to a meeting in January 2014.

16.   Council Discussion and Direction to Staff Regarding the 567-595
      Maybell Avenue Site (Continued from December 9, 2013).

James Keene, City Manager, recommended the Council direct Staff to take
no action to terminate the Loan Agreement and to monitor future changes to
the inventory of housing sites identified in the City's approved Housing
Element. The language in the Loan Agreement with the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation (PAHC) contained an option for the City to purchase the real
property from PAHC. However, Staff did not recommend the City exercise
that option. PAHC could sell its interest in the property and make other
investments in affordable housing. If the City exercised its option, it could
cause a financial deficit for PAHC. Staff did not believe PAHC should be
punished as a result of the project being terminated. The City did not have
funds available to purchase the property. The exploration of infrastructure
investments should not be derailed by an ad hoc request for the City to
make a public investment. Other property could be identified for the City to
purchase and enhance. Housing units proposed for the Maybell Avenue site
were included in the Housing Element and would be lost.

Kenneth Scholtz felt the City was in a unique position to ensure the site was
developed to benefit the community and to protect the neighborhood from
increased traffic. The problems with PAHC's proposal for the site were lack
of parking and increased density. The City could assume the property and
provide a lasting community benefit.


                                    17                 December 16, 2013
