                          DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Perez had numbers from the last actuarial report. Currently, retirees
under the age of 65 numbered 377, of which 67 were on a family plan. The
Blue Shield plan covered 27 retirees under 65. A couple hundred thousand
dollars was the difference between what the City paid for the single 53
retirees under age 65 in Blue Shield and the 27 retirees under 65 for the
Blue Shield plan.

Mr. Keene said he would provide a full report.

Council Member Klein wanted figures for active employees as well as
retirees.

Mr. Perez said he would provide that; in terms of over age 65, the cost was
much lower.

Council Member Klein expressed concerns about the Council advising Staff
as to what inflation rates to use. He was uncomfortable with Council
direction to Staff to use 10 percent for the inflation rate on pensions. The
LRFF was not the Council's document; it was Staff's document and the
Council should not second guess them. On the cost side of employee
compensation, he noted four major variables the Council could impact:
salary, pension which seemed to be off the table, healthcare, and reducing
the number of employees.

Mr. Keene agreed those were factors on the expense side.

Council Member Klein wanted to focus on the expense side of things.

Ms. Shen also agreed. Providing services through fewer employees or
public-private partnerships would be another method short of actually
reducing Staff.

Council Member Klein indicated that was the same as having fewer
employees.

Mr. Keene reported the competition between those choices would be
determined by management and policy decisions. Remaining on a defined
benefit healthcare plan in that trajectory could place downward pressure on
salaries or to reduce the number of employees. The Council would have to
confront this as an equity issue and a service level issue.

Council Member Schmid understood that the pension obligation was very
different from the health obligation. The pension was allocated to the cities
in which the employee worked. If an employee worked for one city for 20
                                                                        Page 11 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
