                                    MINUTES
Council Member Schmid requested the specific dates the counts were made.

Mr. Daiso explained a growth factor of 1.1 percent per annum was applied to
the counts. He divided the total incremental change in growth over existing
conditions by the number of years to reach an average annual rate of
growth. The average annual rate of growth was then applied to traffic
counts. Traffic counts were conducted November 7, 2012 between 7:00
A.M. and 9:00 A.M. and between 4:00 P.M. and 6:00 P.M.

Council Member Schmid stated a number of nearby development projects
were not online in November 2012, when the traffic counts were conducted.
Cumulative impacts of the various development projects were significant.
He inquired about the method for determining the actual growth of traffic
within the City.

Ms. Gitelman reported that the CEQA statutes and guidelines provided two
methods to approach the question of cumulative impacts. Cumulative
impacts could be analyzed by reviewing a list of projects or through a
projections-based approach.     The Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) model used the projections-based approach. The question
should be whether the projections included in the model were sufficient to
capture cumulative impacts. Obviously VTA believed that approach was
appropriate for the area.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council had discretion to determine the
approach used in traffic studies.

Ms. Gitelman was aware that the City wanted better information and
invested in an updated model that utilized different projections. The current
project had been in review since January 2013. Staff utilized the best tool
available at the time, the projections-based approach.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Staff was retaining annual traffic
counts at key intersections to build a historical base.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff was retaining counts; however, she did not
know when they began.

Council Member Schmid stated El Camino Real happened to be a key east-
west corridor for traffic and schools. The intersection of El Camino Real and
Charleston Road was critical to four schools. He asked which direction of
traffic would receive an extended red light if the timing for a right turn was
extended.



                                                                        Page 19 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  November 18, 2013
