                               MINUTES
Charlie Duncan, Carey & Co. Architects, reported Building Number 1 was in
worse physical condition than Building Number 2. Wood beams in Building
Number 1 could not be saved due to the extent of deterioration. The only
effective loss from demolition of the building was the steel columns. After
rehabilitation, Building Number 2 was almost identical to its original state.

Gayle Olson supported the project. The shopping center was enhanced
through the project and provided services to nearby elderly residents.

Heather Rosmarin noted safety issues along West Bayshore Road. The
shopping center could increase pedestrian, bicycle and motorist traffic.
Forty Palo Alto residents signed a petition in support of sidewalks along
Bayshore Road.

Brenda Erwin supported a sidewalk or bicycle path along Bayshore Road.

Public Hearing Closed at 8:42 P.M.

Council Member Holman observed Building Number 1 being demolished
rather than deconstructed.       The demolition violated the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), the PC Zoning Ordinance, the project
approvals and the provision of public benefits. She inquired about the cost
of improvements along Bayshore Road and the person designing the
changes.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Planning Official, indicated Staff had not completed a
proposal to begin a design process. A rough estimate of the construction
cost was $250,000 to $300,000.

Council Member Holman asked what action Staff recommended the Council
take.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that Staff requested the Council accept the penalty
amount but not dedicate it. Staff would return with a recommendation for
use of the penalty amount in six months.

Council Member Holman noted the estimated construction cost of
improvements was $250,000, yet the penalty amount was only $94,200.
She inquired about potential sources for the remainder of funding for
improvements.

Mr. Rodriguez could identify funding sources when Staff returned to the
Council.

                                                                        Page 13 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/7/13
