                                MINUTES
Council Member Price agreed employee density was a critical issue for
parking; however, the Downtown Cap Study would address the issue.
Employee density had many enforcement issues.

Council Member Klein agreed employee density did not fit with modification
of parking exemptions. Employee density was a topic for a long-term
project, not a near-term project.

Council Member Holman explained the short-term component was matching
employee density to parking requirements for available parking.

AMENDMENT FAILED:            2-5, Burt, Holman yes, Scharff, Shepherd not
participating

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Scharff, Shepherd not participating

Council Member Berman recused himself from the discussion of item (f) at
10:24 P.M., because he had an interest in his residence, which was in a
neighborhood adjacent to the Commercial Downtown District.

Council Member Holman recused herself from discussion of item (f) at 10:24
P.M., because she had an interest in her residence, which was within 500
feet of a residential neighborhood adjacent to the Commercial Downtown
District.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the Council needed a unanimous
vote to pass the item due to the Council having only five Council Members
with no conflict of interest.

Ms. Stump answered no.       The item was a direction to Staff, not an item
requiring a majority vote.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to direct Staff to evaluate and implement near-term (1-6 months) downtown
parking improvements, including but not limited to: f) initiating parking
restrictions and/or permit parking in adjacent residential neighborhoods.

Council Member Kniss felt the community discussed this issue the most.
Parking in Downtown neighborhoods was a serious issue.

Council Member Price agreed this was a key issue. Given the amount of
community interest, she favored an analysis and evaluation of options. She
assumed part of the analysis would note Staff costs to monitor enforcement.

                                                                      Page 23 of 32
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/18/13
