                         ACTION MINUTES
ACTION ITEMS

16.   Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution 9366 entitled “Resolution of
      the City of Palo Alto Confirming Weed Abatement Report and Ordering
      Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment on the Respective
      Properties Described Therein”.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to adopt a Resolution confirming the Weed Abatement Report and ordering
abatement costs to be a special assessment on the properties specified in
the report.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

17.   Public Hearing: Approval of Ordinance Adding Section 9.06.010 to the
      Palo Alto Municipal Code to Prohibit Human Habitation of Vehicles.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve the Policy & Services Committee Recommendation to; 1) amend
Chapter 9.06 (Public Peace, Morals, and Safety) of the Palo Alto Municipal
Code, by adding section 9.06.010, prohibiting the human habitation of
vehicles (Attachment A), and 2) approve an ordinance roll out plan that will
defer full implementation of the ordinance for six months (Attachment B).

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to; 1) have Staff initiate a Request for Proposal for non-profits to
offer a program similar to an alternative model, such as Santa Barbara,
California, 2) have Staff attempt to engage one or more neighboring cities or
Santa Clara County to participate in the initiative, and 3) have the Human
Relations Commission play a lead role in Palo Alto’s efforts as a citizen
advisory body.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Berman, Holman yes

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Berman, Holman no

Council Member Comments, Questions, and Announcements

Council Member Price reported that the Valley Transportation Authority’s
Bike Share Program will be implemented in August. She also participated in
a meeting regarding the Palo Alto Transit Center sublease issues. The
discussion to find a process regarding these issues was underway.

Council Member Berman spoke at a Hepatitis B event.       He said everyone
                                                                          Page 4 of 5
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Action: August 5, 2013
