             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
             MINUTES
                                                            Special Meeting
                                                              June 3, 2013

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:05 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
           Shepherd

Absent:

ACTION ITEMS

1.   Direction on Community Engagement Process for Concept Plan
     Refinement for Arts and Innovation District.

Council Member Klein recused himself from the item as his wife was a
Stanford University faculty member. He left the meeting at 5:08 P.M.

James Keene, City Manager, noted the Council directed Staff to plan for at
least two public outreach meetings. Staff provided a range of options and
aligned costs and timeframes with Council's directives.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment,
reported that the Arts and Innovation District, also known as 27 University
Avenue, included the Transit Center and the Julia Morgan Building, contained
slightly more than 4 acres, and was owned by Stanford University. The
name of Arts and Innovation District was utilized for consistency; however,
the name could be changed.         The Stanford University Medical Center
Development Agreement set out the expectation of linking Stanford
University with Downtown. Independent of any development occurring on
the site, the Council would have to consider Transit Center capacity. Staff
reviewed site circulation and layout and architectural alternatives for the
Transit Center. The site could be a viable retail location. The Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC) was concerned that questions regarding the
location of the Julia Morgan Building was delaying the design of El Camino
Park; therefore, they recommended the Julia Morgan Building not be located
in El Camino Park. Staff wanted to ensure that the vision resulting from the
community input process determined the development. A Master Plan for


                                                                    Page 1 of 35
