                       WORKING MINUTES
were honored to share their experiences and memories from the Shanghai
trip. They recognized that Palo Alto had an international and diverse identity
and how the exchange program was providing a valuable, practical and
global business experience for them. They noted expanding the exchange
program would improve the diplomatic and cultural relationship between the
U.S. and China.

Mayor Scharff read a letter from Representative Anna Eshoo congratulating
the students on their successful trip to China. He presented the students
with Certificates of Recognition from State Senator Jerry Hill and
Assemblyman Richard Gordon. He also read letters he wrote to the students
and to Dr. Fong.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

None

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, recognized Vice Mayor Shepherd's work with
the exchange program. The San Francisco Bay Regional Water Quality
Control Board would present the City's Regional Water Quality Control Plant
with the 2013 Dr. Teng-Chung Wu Pollution Prevention Award on
September 11, 2013 at 9:00 A.M. in Oakland, California.            The Junior
Museum and Zoo would host a Bubble-Palooza on September 15, 2013, from
1:00 to 4:00 P.M. The last major impediment to steelhead trout migration
in Lower San Francisquito Creek was removed with Federal and State
funding. A special community meeting to review the Rinconada Long Range
Plan was scheduled for September 12, 2013 at 6:30 P.M. Staff would hold a
community meeting with residents of the Southgate neighborhood on
September 17, 2013 at 7:00 P.M. to present the final design and
construction schedule for the Storm Drain and Green Street Improvement
Project. Scheduled for September 15, 2013 at 1:00 P.M. was the Annual
Midtown Neighborhood Association Ice Cream Social. He shared a letter of
appreciation from American Airlines to Fire Chief Nickel regarding an in-flight
medical emergency.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Sydnee Journal invited the public to participate in the Ninth Annual Applied
Materials Silicon Valley Turkey Trot to be held on November 28, 2013. The
event raised and donated more than $3 million to charity in eight years.


                                                                          Page 2 of 17
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Working Minutes: 9/9/13
