                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman was interested in a range of financing options, but
was not interested in reviewing the proposal for Lot P. The Amendment did
not mention Lot P.

Council Member Klein did not understand why part 1 was needed in the
Motion. The developer made a proposal, and the Council was required to
consider it.

Mr. Williams agreed. Part 1 was not an appropriate part of the Motion.
Staff's intent was to discuss the proposal within the context of the overall
study. The developer was not available for the discussion; therefore Staff
scheduled the discussion for June 10, 2013.

Council Member Klein felt part 1 should be omitted as it was unnecessary.
He was interested in discussing a range of financing options; however, Staff
could not provide the information by June 2013. He suggested the Council
consider part 1 as deleted by Staff, and then consider a Motion for parts 2
and 3.

Mayor Scharff agreed with removing part 1 from the Motion as long as Staff
returned with the proposal for Lot P in June 2013.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Amendment was to expand the study
to include a range of financial options.

Council Member Scharff agreed with removing part 1 with the maker's and
seconder's approval.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff's intention was to return with the proposal for Lot
P in June 2013.

Ms. Stump reported the specific proposal for Lot P would be presented to the
Council on June 10, 2013. Staff was not in a position to fully flesh out
alternative financial options and the implications for a similarly sized garage
on Lot P by June 10, 2013.

Council Member Schmid requested Staff suggest a substitute date.

Mr. Keene stated Staff could not return with the information in June 2013.
Staff anticipated financing options would be a fundamental part of any
analysis. He would talk with Staff about the amount of time required to
compile that information.


                                                                            Page 18 of 20
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 5/20/13
