                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd questioned whether the Council should refer HSRAP
funding to the Policy and Services Committee or the Finance Committee.

Council Member Klein felt the question was policy rather than financial.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated HSRAP funding was not submitted to the
Policy and Services Committee upon approval.

Council Member Klein explained his Motion concerned the process for
allocating funds, not the amount of funds.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Burt felt the community did not sufficiently understand the
function of a School Resource Officer (SRO), and requested Staff clarify the
SRO's role.

Ron Watson, Police Captain, could provide the role of the SRO now versus a
few years ago when the City had two SROs.

Council Member Burt wanted to know the roles, other than law enforcement,
of the SRO.

Mr. Watson explained the majority of a SRO's time was spent either in the
two high schools or performing functions related to the high schools. The
difference was the day-to-day relationship with the schools, parents and
students. Without an SRO, patrol officers would respond to calls at the
schools. An SRO typically identified a faster, more efficient, and longer
lasting resolution for a problem, because of his familiarity with the
circumstances, administrators and students. The SRO had an ongoing
relationship with the students, parents and administrators which a patrol
officer would not have. The SRO worked with the Parent Project and the
Code Red training, reviewed all juvenile arrest reports, participated in the
absence review board committee and the county truancy boards, and
provided juvenile training.

Council Member Burt related the history of the Downtown Teen Center. He
recommended Staff identify a sustainable process to utilize funds for teen
programs. The Council could provide Staff with policy guidance to return
with a sustainable process based on the anticipated revenue.

Council Member Price assumed the Youth Council and youth advisory boards
would be engaged in the discussion regarding potential uses of funding.

                                                                         Page 27 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 6/13/13
