          MINUTES

STUDY SESSION

10.   Initiating a Community Conversation on the Future of the City,
      Including the Comprehensive Plan, Planned Community Zoning,
      Parking and Traffic Strategies, and Related Matters.

James Keene, City Manager, acknowledged that residents were fortunate to
live in the center of one of the world's premier areas. Increasingly, every
existing industry felt compelled to connect to Silicon Valley, and Palo Alto
was the heart of Silicon Valley. The impacts of renewed demand for Silicon
Valley generated significant contemporary challenges and concerns in the
community. Because of concerns regarding planning for and managing of
growth, the Council scheduled the Study Session. Staff was concerned
about their ability to manage demands and workload. The Study Session
was a positive opportunity to clarify a collective vision expressed through a
renewed Comprehensive Plan and through citizen participation to inform the
Council's decisions. Staff solicited initial comments and questions from the
Council to shape the Staff Report.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment,
reiterated that the Comprehensive Plan was the City's guiding document for
land use and development decisions. Other policies were intended to be
consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. The Comprehensive Plan was
adopted in 1998 and remained valid. The Comprehensive Plan articulated
limits for Citywide development and Downtown development, both of which
the City had not reached. The Staff Report attempted to articulate changes
in Palo Alto and concerns that occurred because of changes. The City had an
opportunity to combine planning efforts into the Comprehensive Plan update
and to subject it to community engagement and environmental review.
Another opportunity was to continue short-term problem solving related to
traffic and parking. A third opportunity was to continue processing projects
consistent with current zoning while holding them to a high standard. Staff
provided six broad questions to capture individual comments and
suggestions from Council Members. In discussing the questions, Staff hoped
to focus on a process and return with information at the time of the Retreat.

Mr. Keene felt the Council needed time to hear from the public and to
discuss broader strategies. Staff provided initial thoughts for discussion and
could summarize the Council's comments at the end of the discussion.

Harvey Miller indicated a discussion of the future of the City should be placed
in the context of the future of the nation. The issue was the demographic
shift. He provided copies of an Atlantic Monthly article regarding housing.
                                                                          Page 10 of 20
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/02/13
