                                   MINUTES
Mitchell Park Library reopened, she hoped circulation figures would increase
dramatically.

Mayor Scharff inquired about other media.

Ms. Ziesenhenne reported other media included CD ROMs and downloads.
Personal computer use also decreased, probably as a result of residents
utilizing their own devices.

Mayor Scharff noted DVD circulation was strong, CD circulation decreased
slightly, and audio book circulation also increased.

Ms. Ziesenhenne explained that audio books could be downloaded, which
increased circulation. Audio books were popular with commuters.

Council Member Kniss inquired about downloading items to a Kindle and the
process for downloading items.

Ms. Ziesenhenne indicated Staff or a technology tutor could assist patrons
with downloads. Each platform for eBooks had different capabilities and
limitations. Instructions could also be found on the Library's website.

Council Member Kniss inquired about limitations for downloading books to an
eReader.

Ms. Ziesenhenne reported borrowed items had a due date and would
disappear from the eReader on the due date.

Council Member Kniss asked if patrons could download the latest bestsellers.

Ms. Ziesenhenne explained the eBook had to be made available by the
publisher and the Library's vendor.

Council Member Kniss reiterated that an eBook could be borrowed for three
weeks, and then it would disappear from the eReader.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

None

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the holiday tree lighting was
scheduled for November 30, 2013. Staff was working closely with Neighbors
Abroad to provide relief to Palo, Philippines. Aurora was successful lighted
on November 16, 2013.

                                                                        Page 3 of 28
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 November 18, 2013
