                                MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the lack of local control affected the Council's
relationship with its constituents. She inquired about ways the Council could
improve its advocacy of local control.

Senator Hill stated the impression was that the League of California Cities
was antagonistic towards the State.       That antagonism could give the
impression that the time was ripe for legislative changes. They needed to
continue the conversation regarding issues relevant to local government.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood that businesses were required to act as
agents in transitioning employees to the Affordable Care Act, and inquired
about streamlining the process so that businesses did not have to take on
the agent role.

Senator Hill, as a business owner, had not found a burden placed on
businesses as a result of implementation of the Affordable Care Act.

Council Member Price asked about Senator Hill's top priorities for the next
Legislative Session.

Senator Hill reported his priorities were ensuring the safety of public utilities,
developing the threshold change for voter approval and monitoring of water
quality. In addition, he would follow up on legislation proposed in the 2013
session.

Council Member Price requested comments regarding sea level rise,
particularly related to the Bay area.

Senator Hill noted the Environmental Quality Committee would review that
topic in 2014.

Mayor Scharff requested Senator Hill be sensitive to local control issues.
The community was concerned about the Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) mandates. There did not seem to be accountability for
or legislative oversight of the California Department of Housing and
Community Development (HCD).

Senator Hill would look into the problem and discuss how to effect change.

Mayor Scharff inquired about the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) strike.

Senator Hill indicated the number of unions created a problem for
negotiations because of the politics of each union. Some solution needed to
be found that protected labor's interests without inconveniencing the public.
                                                                            Page 4 of 34
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 10/21/13
