                    MINUTES
within a mile of Caltrain stations; consequently, the Caltrain program worked
well for Stanford University.

Council Member Burt learned that VTA passes for a group of 100 residents or
employees along El Camino Real cost $30 per year per resident or employee.
The Council would have to create a governing body for participation. The
speakers provided valuable information. Unfortunately their successes could
not be applied directly in Palo Alto.

Council Member Berman felt the speakers' TDM strategies could be used in
Palo Alto.    Using alternative transportation was logical from a health
standpoint, from an environmental standpoint, and from a productivity
standpoint. Participation would need to be as easy as possible. A Zipcar
program would provide participants with flexibility. He inquired about the
use of cabs rather than shuttles at the Centre.

Ms. Tanner-Busby tried shuttles from the BART station to John Muir Hospital.

Council Member Berman asked the distance from the BART station to the
hospital.

Ms. Tanner-Busby responded 4 miles. A contract with a cab company was
more cost beneficial than shuttles running constantly.

Council Member Berman asked if the Centre received a favorable contract
with a cab company.

Ms. Tanner-Busby replied yes.

Council Member Berman believed regional connectivity was desperately
needed.

Council Member Price noted many cities and counties utilized TDM Programs
effectively, providing the Council with models to review. The US Green
Building Council had a TDM element giving developers points for
incorporating TDM Programs. There was a robust residential TDM process in
place, but she could not remember the name. She spoke with the City of
Mountain View Planning Director regarding TMAs. Moffett Park had an
interesting and vigorous TDM Program. She inquired whether any of the
speakers utilized peer-to-peer programs for users.

Mr. Hamilton indicated Stanford had a number of groups approach it to
partner with them. Stanford did not want to encourage that type of program

                                                                         Page 8 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
