                               MINUTES
Council Member Price mentioned she would not be supporting the Substitute
Motion. She felt if additional study and investigation were to be accepted,
the TDM program would lack the focus which would result in delaying
incremental changes.

Mayor Scharff agreed there needed to be Study Sessions although without
hiring a consultant to determine what direction was best for Palo Alto there
was not a subject to study.

Council Member Berman asked the number of employees in the downtown
business district.

Aaron Aknin, Acting Director of Planning and Community Environment,
stated an exact number would be difficult to determine but the last
conversation with the Economic Development Manager the estimation was
between 10,000 to 15,000 and the same for California Avenue.

James Keene, City Manager, noted there was not an accurate matrix system
for tracking all employees throughout the City with varied shifts and
schedules.

Council Member Berman stated for a comprehensive TDM there needed to be
accessible data whether through a business registry or a business license tax
that was revenue neutral. He did not see a clear difference in the end result
between the Motion and Substitute Motion with the exception of a
comprehensive process in the Substitute Motion. He noted his support for
the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Schmid asked if there were continued plans to move
forward with a comprehensive parking plan in the downtown area.

Mr. Keene recognized the Colleagues Memo tried to identify some tracks that
were concurrent with TDM. Some of the concepts could be partly identified
as TDM such as an RPP.

Council Member Schmid suggested changing the language after Study
Sessions to include Transportation Demand Management; so the Motion was
specific.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to add “on transportation demand management” after “direct
Staff to organize one or two study sessions.”


                                                                       Page 29 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
