                              MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation for outstanding
public service to Sidney A. Espinosa as Council Member and Mayor.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Former Council Member Espinosa thanked Former Mayor Yeh for his service.
When he first joined the Council, he found a hardworking Staff. The City
was strong and responsive with strong leadership. Council Members were
committed to thoughtfully attacking issues. The public was more engaged
and smarter than he imagined. The Council addressed each issue he noted
in his campaign literature. He asked the Council to continue its hard work,
because much was yet to be done. He thanked the community, City Staff,
Council Members, and his family for their service, dedication, and support.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Tony Kramer recalled his appeal of the Palo Alto Noise Code. He believed
the Planning Department's interpretation of the Noise Code was incorrect,
and would result in high noise levels in residential areas. He hoped the
Council would act to correct the misapplication of the Noise Code.

Andy Vought noted a meeting at the Lucie Stern Community Center to solicit
neighborhood input on the proposed Newell Road Super Bridge Project. The
proposed super bridge was too large for Newell Road, would increase traffic
volume and speeds, and impair child safety. He asked the Council to
address flooding issues, but not at the expense of quality of life.

Cory Wolbach appeared as a representative of Senator Jerry Hill. Former
Mayor Yeh and Former Council Member Espinosa would be missed on the
Council. He thanked them for their extraordinary service. He congratulated
Council Members Burt, Schmid, Kniss and Berman on their election to the
Council. He urged the Council and community to contact him or Senator Hill
with any concerns or suggestions.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 8:50 P.M.




                                                                       Page 6 of 6
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 1/7/13
