                              MINUTES
Craig Bright felt senior housing was a civic good and provided benefits.
PAHC made concessions in response to neighbors' concerns. He supported
the Project.

Reverend Annamae Taubaneck was interested in the Project because of its
proximity to the Veterans Affairs Hospital where she received medical
services.

Lydia Klussman supported the Project and did not believe it would harm the
neighborhood. Development of the property as market rate homes would
cause much more traffic.

Thomas Panilla, Stevenson House Executive Director, reported Stevenson
House became an integral part of the community and provided a
multicultural richness to the community. He encouraged the Council to
approve the Project.

Kevin Hauck, speaking on behalf of a group, was concerned about glaring
factual omissions and the lack of data in the traffic report. The traffic study
reported that hundreds of pedestrians and bikes used the Maybell corridor,
with no analysis or counts. The trip generation data was outdated. The
traffic study was fatally flawed and utilized outdated data.             Staff's
recommendations were based on the inaccurate study. He supported the
Project under the existing zoning.

Don Anderson stated the issues had an impact on traffic and safety, design
appropriateness for the neighborhood and degree of need for senior housing.
No one proposed an alternative use for the site that would provide less
traffic impact.   The proposed design was not be a blight for the
neighborhood.

Michael Lowy expressed concerns about quality of life.       Rezoning was an
attack on quality of life.

Ruth Lowy reiterated that neighbors opposed rezoning the site to high
density. The lack of sidewalks and narrow roadway was dangerous for
senior citizens. She questioned the manner in which senior citizens carried
their purchases from stores or the bus stop.

Barb Luis stated the Project was based on bad traffic data. The development
should be appropriate to the neighborhood.

Mid Fuller supported the proposal to build low-income housing on Maybell
Avenue. The opportunities to build affordable housing in Palo Alto were few
and far between. There did not appear to be tangible evidence that the
                                                                           Page 25 of 33
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 6/10/13
