                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired about the Anheuser Busch Beer garage.

Ms. French stated it was office space. 195 Forest Avenue was not part of
the item, because it did not face the street.

Council Member Burt indicated 171 and 175 Forest Avenue were part of the
item.

Ms. French added 698 Forest Avenue.         Some of those sites were retail
spaces in the past.

Council Member Burt inquired whether office space had to convert to retail
space when the office occupant changed.

Mr. Williams answered no. As long as there was not a 12-month cessation
of an office use, the site could continue as office use unless the Council were
to amortize the site.

Council Member Berman felt the general consensus was to have a ground-
floor retail overlay for the 600 block of Emerson Street. The concern
seemed to be the corner sites. The area provided an opportunity for new
retail companies to get started at cheaper rents. For that block, ground-
floor retail was preferable. The current building at 203 Forest Avenue did
not appear to be conducive to retail use; however, it could continue as an
office use. He asked about the implication in one of the P&TC meetings that
the 12-month vacancy rule could be extended in certain circumstances.

Mr. Williams explained in a few instances Staff had extended the time period
when remodeling projects unexpectedly required a vacancy of more than 12
months.

Council Member Berman indicated the statement was in response to a
hypothetical from one of the Commissioners regarding unanticipated delays.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, stated in some cases a decision was made at the
administrative level that the circumstances warranted an extension of the
12-month time period.        Staff did not have open-ended discretion to
reinterpret application of the Ordinance in extenuating circumstances.

Council Member Berman inquired about the Council's ability to mandate
ground-floor retail at 203 Forest Avenue if the property was excluded from
the Motion.


                                                                             Page 9 of 20
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 4/8/13
