                               MINUTES
Site development costs were relatively high given the soil condition on the
site, and were estimated at $18 million. The total construction cost would
be approximately $185 million. City fees such as impact fees and building
permits, the cost of the Environmental Impact Report (EIR), and other soft
costs such as marketing and leasing were estimated at an additional $24
million. Financing of construction added another $8 million. He estimated a
grand total of $217 million to construct the two office buildings. Based on a
projection of financing arrangements, he estimated the company would need
to front approximately $88 million in cash along with financing. On the
revenue side, he estimated lease rates would be $5.40 per square foot per
month, and assumed a 2 percent vacancy rate based on the current market.
After adding revenue for parking, the gross revenue was projected to be
approximately $22 million a year. He assumed the Developer would bear
some common area costs, but the annual increases would be passed directly
through to the tenants. By translating the net operating income into a sales
value, he developed an overall value for the project of approximately $245
million, slightly less than $790 per square foot. Given the initial investment
of $88 million and the projected revenues, the project would break even in
year 18 if held for 30 years. Over 30 years, the internal rate of return would
be 6 percent. The project would generate actual cash of $171 million over
30 years. In today's dollars that amounted to approximately $15.7 million,
which would be an approximate 17 percent return on the Developer's equity
investment. In a scenario without the Public Safety Building, the return on
investment would be $39.7 million. A series of risk factors could improve
the Developer's position in the project and some could make it worse.
Factors that could be adverse to the project from the Developer's standpoint
were increased interest rates, higher than projected site costs, and faster
escalation of construction costs. At this stage in project planning, there was
not a California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) analysis; therefore, the
economic analysis did not include any costs associated with mitigations. He
assumed a low vacancy rate. If the general economy declined, then the
vacancy rate could increase and the annual revenues could decrease. If
operating costs could be passed through to tenants, then that impacted the
value of the project. From the City's perspective, the sunk costs of the land
improved the profit outlook.         If the market continued strong and
capitalization rates moved, then the project could have a higher value than
projected. As the initial scenario was developed, the land cost and site
development costs of the project were relatively fixed but could be
mitigated. The size of the project could be reduced; however, a foundation
and a basement would still be needed. Almost any size project on the site
would have to deal with soil issues. If those factors were held constant,
then reducing the project 25 percent would decrease the amount available
for the public benefit by 60 percent. The economic analysis assumed 60
percent of the profit would fund the public benefit. If a higher percentage
                                                                        Page 11 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/16/13
