           MINUTES
morning hours. Menlo Park had a successful shared-use partnership at
Nealon Park. The key to success of shared-use dog areas was partnership
with a dog owners' group. Outreach and negotiation would be needed to
make a shared-use program successful.

Keith Reckdahl, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, remarked that the new
Golf Course would be a destination location; however, it would be a bit
tarnished by the aging facilities.   Golf Course revenues would not be
maximized with the current facilities.    Staff proposed a 2015 Capital
Improvement Program (CIP) to renovate the parking lot.         Staff was
reviewing methods to improve the plaza, entrance, and restrooms. There
were no plans to renovate the clubhouse; although, it would be logical to
renovate the clubhouse concurrently with the Golf Course. A timetable for
making improvements was a concern.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted to support the PARC's efforts regarding dog
parks, because they were a community need. She was unsure whether the
Council clarified use of the Land Bank. Locating athletic fields at the
Baylands could lead to tournament play. She wanted the PARC to vet all
possibilities for athletic fields. She understood and shared concerns about
the Golf Course clubhouse and pro shop. She suggested the PARC review
Audubon certification for the Golf Course.

Council Member Schmid was impressed by the PARC's careful, detailed
discussions based on good data. With respect to the Master Plan, he
suggested the PARC consider whether a 7 1/2-acre site on the Los Trancos
Valley should be a part of Foothill Park.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Schmid's comment
regarding the 7 1/2-acre site. She questioned whether the PARC considered
the Stanford-Mayfield playing fields within the Master Plan. Sterling Canal
had potential for community gardens, dog parks, and trail connectivity. She
inquired about the status of the parks and trails application.

Ms. Hetterly indicated a redesign of the website was in process. A parks and
trails application was beyond the PARC's scope of work. An application could
be considered in the future.

Council Member Holman presumed the PARC was reviewing the Lucy Evans
Interpretive Center for updating. She wanted the PARC's input regarding
the urban look of parking lots located in natural areas.

Council Member Burt felt renovating the Golf Course parking lot provided an
opportunity to make it compatible with the Baylands area. If the projections
                                                                         Page 3 of 20
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/02/13
