                                MINUTES
Jean Wilcox supported the idea of the five year lease extension with an
option for another extension after the City reviews the infrastructure status.

Donna Pioppi urged the Council to work with the PAUSD on a joint use plan.

Rachel Samoff stated the land at Cubberley was a rare and precious
resource that should be coveted.

Council Member Klein appreciated the CCAC report which provided two
services. It revealed that PAUSD did not need the more than 27 acres for a
comprehensive high school and the notion of the site housing more land with
a different configuration. He felt it was appropriate for Council to publically
discuss their thoughts on renewing the lease, the needs assessment, and the
discussion of a shared use plan. There were a number of items that should
not be publically discussed such as the lease extension, property rent
amounts, or the options between the PAUSD and the City.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to; A) state publically that the City was in favor of renewing the lease
subject to significant revisions with the Palo Alto Unified School District, and
B) to refer to the Policy and Services Committee whether a needs
assessment study should be completed.

Council Member Klein stated the lease of the 27 acres over the past 24 years
has benefited the community as a whole. He understood the world and
needs of the community have changed in those 24 years and thus so should
the terms of the lease. The needs assessment should be vetted by the Policy
& Services Committee (P&S) to derive the actual needs of the City and
community. He was not in favor of the City expending large sums of funds
on the assessment and was not certain what the design of the assessment
should be. The concept of a shared facility was not part of the Motion
because there were currently a number of joint uses between the City and
the PAUSD. The term shared implied planning buildings together and/or
occupying buildings, which was a long distance away. Neither the PAUSD nor
the City was in a position to discuss the functional needs wanted or needed
for Cubberley. Foothill Community College was leaving the Cubberley site by
2015 once their new facility was complete which was going to free a
significant amount of space.

Council Member Price shared her appreciation for the work the community
has put into the Cubberley effort. She supported the general community
needs assessment be conducted inclusive of a detailed site utilization. There
needed to be a clear set of program goals and objectives prior to a site plan.
The agreed Master Plan was critical but it was not uncommon to perform a
                                                                          Page 14 of 21
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/13/13
