                               MINUTES
Health and Safety Programs category, the Council spent $139,000 for
Project Safety Net. The majority of funds expended from the Infrastructure,
Sustainable Neighborhoods and Affordable Housing category supported the
Stevenson House and Maybell-Clemo projects.

Mr. Keene added that generally the Council had discretion to expend SUMC
funds. Funds in the two Linkage categories were required to be spent by
2016; therefore, Staff included those amounts in the Capital Improvement
Program (CIP). He anticipated establishing a joint committee composed of
Stanford University and City representatives to consider and review funding
proposals for the $4 million in the Community Health and Safety Programs
category. The joint committee would make recommendations to the Council,
and the Council would make the final decision regarding allocation of those
funds. Funds in the Community Health and Safety Programs category had to
be expended over a ten-year period from the date of the Development
Agreement.      In the Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods and
Affordable Housing category, $1.7 million was devoted to affordable housing.
Expenditure of remaining funds was within the Council's discretion.

Mr. Ramberg indicated in the Infrastructure, Sustainable Neighborhoods and
Affordable Housing category, $4.3 million was spent or loaned. As required
by the Development Agreement, $1.7 million was loaned to the Stevenson
House and Maybell-Clemo projects. A short-term loan for the remainder of
the Maybell-Clemo project was approved in March 2013 for a two-year
period. The City received approximately $1.1 million in housing in-lieu fees,
which would partially repay those loans. Additional in-lieu fees would repay
the loans as funds were received. Staff suggested an additional $1.5 million
could be set aside for affordable housing. With regard to Guiding Principles,
Staff proposed a review package consisting of a clear accounting of
transactions, review of prior decisions, and review of guidelines. Proposed
allocations would be presented to the Finance Committee as a package, and
then the Finance Committee would make recommendations to the Council.
From a prior Council discussion, Staff noted comments regarding not using
SUMC funds for budget deficits, funds were one-time in nature, and using
funds for transformative projects. Staff provided endowment management
concepts to assist the Council in its discussion. The Fiscal Year (FY) 2014
Proposed Budget would contain allocations for Project Safety Net and for the
Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan.        These allocations were
proposals only.

Mr. Keene noted the heart of the conversation concerned policy guidelines
for allocating SUMC funds. The City Council should strive to be wise
stewards of funding, and allocate it to provide the most impact. The
suggested Guiding Principles included not using funds for ongoing expenses
                                                                        Page 7 of 26
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/6/13
