                               MINUTES
Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Public Works, explained the Public Works
Department was the wholesaler for recycled water, and the Utilities
Department was the buyer and distributor of recycled water. As part of the
Long Term Facilities Plan for the sewage treatment plant, Staff held a series
of public meetings. Participants were interested in recycled water, because
of the long-term lack of fresh water in California.

Council Member Holman did not believe Stanford supported the Project
because of its mature landscaping. Use of groundwater as a water source
was not likely, because salt would flow into the aquifer.

Mr. Bobel noted the only part of Stanford University that expressed concern
about use of recycled water was the group managing the Stanford Research
Park. The group's only interest was to maintain landscaping and to ensure
no degradation occurred. Twenty years ago, the level of total dissolved
solids (TDS) in the water supply was in the neighborhood of 1,100 parts per
million (ppm). Various projects reduced that level to the low 900s, and
future projects could reduce it further to the mid-800s. The City's goal for
TDS was 600 ppm. Regulatory agencies did not impose any standards.

Mayor Scharff expressed concerns about putting salt in the earth,
environmental degradation, and the amount of Staff time required for the
Project. The Council adopted the 600 ppm TDS guideline. He was unsure
why the City would want to build the Project prior to the TDS level reaching
600 ppm.

Mr. Bobel reported the 600 ppm value for TDS was Staff's recommendation,
which was based on the level Staff believed they could achieve long term.
Achieving a TDS level of 600 ppm would require a number of years.

Mayor Scharff referenced Staff comments that the cost for the Project could
be $32 million or $40 million, and inquired about the discrepancy in
amounts.

Mr. Procos reported the Facility Plan indicated the cost was approximately
$32 million. The consultants determined an amount and added a significant
layer of contingency to reach the $32 million estimate. A full engineering
analysis was needed to determine a realistic cost estimate.

Council Member Kniss asked how the EIR would help the Council reach a
realistic decision on the Project. She questioned whether the end result of
using recycled water would justify its use. She assumed Staff had a reason
for targeting use of recycled water at the Stanford Research Park.


04/01/2013                                                          112- 439
