                    MINUTES

Dan Hattis favored the Project and was surprised by opposition to the
Project. A beautiful, modern building could enhance the park.

Todd Simon felt the building was attractive and would complement the
historical nature of the Cardinal Hotel.

Kristin Hayes liked the proposed building.

Ethan Gui felt the Project would be attractive to shoppers, office workers,
and residents. He liked the proposed building.

Ashly Huntington indicated a town and its architecture should reflect its
people. In Palo Alto, too much uniformity was alienating; whereas, diversity
was unifying. A progressive building design supported those concepts.

Peter Giovannotto believed the Project widened the space and provided a
sense of progress.

Doria Summa reported the Staff Report provided confusing information.

Jeff Levinsky clarified that the Project had space between the ceiling and
roof, but no true mezzanine or office space. For the Project to be legal, it
needed at least 1,327 square feet of grandfathered upper-stair space.

Martin Bernstein referenced the non-binding nature of the Urban Design
Guidelines. Mimicking historical architectural styles was a weak, cultural
response. Compatibility was based on texture, harmony, balance, rhythm,
contract, proportion, and massing. The modernity of the Project completed
the urban space around King Plaza.

Neilson Buchannan indicated the Project was one of several that outpaced
the supply of parking spaces.

Joe Hirsch felt a sense of history in Palo Alto. The Project was a modern
building that would not reflect history in 20-30 years. He supported the
appeal and objected to the modern design of the Project.

Brad Ehikian remarked that the City identified and incentivized the
preservation of historic properties. Non-historic buildings should not be
subject to stringent, historical design criteria. Mr. Hayes designed a cutting-
edge, high tech and beautiful building.


                                                                          Page 34 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/9/13
