Applicant did not meet the three requirements in Section 16.20.040 to
warrant exception to the Sign Ordinance.

Harold Justman felt the ARB was the appropriate body to make a
determination of beauty. The Council should defer to the ARB.

Josh Walker suggested the main focus of the discussion should be the need
for a discount grocery. Low-income residents needed a discount grocery.

Trina Lovercheck requested the Council approve the proposed sign. A large
sign was needed to alert people to the location of the grocery.

Herb Borock did not hear any disclosure of Council Members discussing
projects with Board and Commission Members. Those conversations should
be disclosed.

Lynn Chiapella believed Grocery Outlet would be successful with or without a
sign. The sidewalk was narrow and unsafe for cyclists and pedestrians. The
sign was inappropriate and did not meet City requirements.

Ms. Furman asked if Mr. McNellis and Grocery Outlet would speak next. If
so, she would not have an opportunity to rebut their statements.

Mayor Scharff responded yes. That was the Council's usual process.

Ms. Furman stated other Grocery Outlet stores did not require such signage.
Appellants objected only to the size of the sign. A compromise was an
option.

Mr. McNellis reported no houses were affected by the proposed sign. The PC
required a market in the location. Grocery Outlet would not proceed without
the proposed signage.

Council Member Kniss requested comment from Grocery Outlet.

Marc Drasin, Grocery Outlet, studied the location. One reason for Miki's
Market failure was signage. In Grocery Outlet's opinion, better signage was
needed. The proposed sign was the minimum size for success at the
location.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
that the Council deny the appeal by approving this item, and upholding the
Director’s decision to approve the Architectural Review/Sign Exception
application subject to the conditions on the Record of Land Use Action.


                                  12                  December 16, 2013
