                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams reported the Council required some enforcement mechanisms
for the 195 Page Mill project. Very few development projects had any type
of TDM program.

Mr. Keene stated the real deficit was rooted in the past in that the City's
actions had not matched progress.

Council Member Holman said the threshold for triggering implementation of
change could be very low. Enhanced code enforcement was needed to
correct illegal office and retail locations. The Staff Report did not reference
mixed use application and parking exceptions based on mixed use. Staff
should review the impact of existing private parking garages.               She
questioned why Staff did not include residential square footage in Planned
Communities.        The City needed to manage construction vehicles in
neighborhoods. She requested information regarding the feasibility of a
Caltrain parking validation program, and an update of neighborhood
handicapped parking spaces.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff was scheduled to discuss handicapped parking
with the P&TC in the next one or two months.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to direct Staff to evaluate and implement near-term (1-6 months)
downtown parking improvements, including but not limited to:         a) an
attendant parking trial in select downtown parking garages or lots (Lot R);
and b) a City commitment for reducing 50-100 employee permit spaces in
the City Hall garage.

Council Member Holman believed these two programs did not require
additional information and could be implemented quickly.

Council Member Schmid was interested in the spread of neighborhood
parking, and the Development Cap Study was critical to understanding that.
Without the Development Cap Study, the Council had difficulty taking
definitive actions. Staff identified these two programs as programs that
could be implemented now to have an impact.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to direct Staff to evaluate and implement near-term (1-6
months) downtown parking improvements, including but not limited to: a)
an attendant parking trial in select downtown parking garages or lots (Lot
R); b) a City commitment for reducing 50-100 employee permit spaces in
the City Hall garage; and c) evaluation of a potential public-private
partnership for a new parking garage on Lot P.
                                                                         Page 15 of 32
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 3/18/13
