                            MINUTES
AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Holman, Kniss, Price no

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted the cost for the City's 31 parking spaces would
be approximately $48,000 per space under the terms of the proposal. She
expected this type of analysis to be part of the due diligence process.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd
moved, seconded by Mayor Scharff to allow Staff to work on a Memorandum
of Understanding with 135 Hamilton LLC.

Council Member Holman noted the Project was subject to ARB and P&TC
review; therefore, drafting an MOU was premature

Vice Mayor Shepherd requested that Staff provide a sequence for drafting an
MOU.

Mr. Williams indicated Staff could begin drafting many components of the
MOU. ARB and P&TC review of the specific Project plans would be completed
depending on other terms.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt drafting the MOU now would clear some of the
hurdles of the type of partnership.

Council Member Holman did not believe MOU terms could be negotiated prior
to receiving the information requested in the Substitute Motion.

Mr. Williams reported the last six or seven items in Attachment A could be
negotiated; however substantive issues would have to be resolved after the
Council received information from the Substitute Motion.

Mr. Keene felt the Council would not pass the Amendment if there was not
some interest in entering into an MOU for a public-private partnership.

Council Member Holman believed the language of the Amendment did not
limit negotiating an MOU to the mechanical aspects as Director Williams
indicated. The Amendment appeared to conflict with the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Scharff would accept Staff's discretion regarding which terms to
negotiate. The language of the Amendment should be changed to state "to
allow Staff to work on the MOU."

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the Amendment would allow the Council and
applicant to discover pitfalls sooner rather than later.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the terms of the MOU would
include times for the top two floors to be cleared for public use.
                                                                       Page 17 of 33
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 6/10/13
