                    MINUTES
Council Member Holman disclosed that she held conversations with a few
members of the public.

Council Member Price disclosed that she met with Mr. Hayes but did not
receive any new information.

Mayor Scharff disclosed that he met with Mr. Smith, Mr. Elmore, Mr. Hayes,
and the tenant.

Michael Hodos indicated the Project required 46 parking spaces; 20 of which
were assessed, 20 were covered by TDRs, and 6 were covered by in-lieu
payments. However, the Project would not provide 28 parking spaces.

John Lindon did not believe the large expanse of glass in the Project would
enhance the area at night.

Judith Wasserman understood the appellant objected to the decisions and
the makers of the decisions. The Comprehensive Plan and the Municipal
Code did not favor traditional buildings.

Paula Shaviv supported denial of the appeal. The appeal was not legitimate
under the current Municipal Code.          The City's architectural design
environment should be allowed to flourish, evolve, and inspire.

Kent Mather agreed with many community concerns regarding parking,
zoning and building design. The appeal represented the appellant's
opinions. He recommended the Council deny the appeal on the basis of
aesthetics.

Robert Peterson supported the Project and the ARB's recommendation.

Poul J. Andersen stated the building was not compatible with the area, and
interiors would be visible from the sidewalk.

Marion Odell expressed parking and traffic concerns.

Paul Karol indicated the office space in the Project would contribute to the
parking problems in Downtown.

William Ross reported Staff noted that the procedures for parking
computations changed on December 11, 2013; however, the Project
description did not change. There was no supporting substantial evidence
for the Traffic Intrusion to Residential Environment (TIRE) analysis in the

                                                                       Page 32 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                           Minutes: 12/9/13
