                               MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Stephanie Munoz felt the Council should build senior housing rather than
giving away development rights at 27 University Avenue and Buena Vista.

Paul Machado and his neighbors mapped parking in his neighborhood using
City guidelines. The map did not include area projects that would further
impact the neighborhood.

Winter Dellenbach urged residents to vote yes on Measure D. She was
disturbed by misinformation regarding the campaign. The Maybell Avenue
Project was an appropriate use of Planned Community (PC) Zoning to
provide affordable housing.

Cheryl Lilienstein, President of Palo Altans to Preserve Neighborhood Zoning,
opposed high-density rezoning of residential neighborhoods and Measure D.
She asked when Ms. Gitelman would begin work as Director of Planning and
Community Environment.

James Keene reported Ms. Gitelman would begin work on October 28, 2013.

Ms. Lilienstein requested the Council place a moratorium on the processing
of all high-density building permits to allow Ms. Gitelman time to learn about
the issues. Palo Altans to Preserve Neighborhood Zoning wished to schedule
a meeting with Ms. Gitelman after the election.

Ruth Lowy requested the Council not create spot zoning, but to consider a
comprehensive plan. Overzoning created problems for the City.

Mora Oomman invited the public to attend the California Avenue Trick or
Treat and Halloween Carnival. The event was family friendly, and organizers
hoped to build community.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve the minutes of August 19, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Berman abstaining

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-10.
                                                                         Page 7 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/21/13
