                               MINUTES
unresponsive. He kindly asked the Council to consider incorporating some
or all of residents' comments into the RFP.

Joe Brock felt the RFP for the proposed Matadero Creek Trail was inadequate
in numerous ways.       He enumerated many of the residents' concerns
regarding the RFP.

Winter Dellenbach reported the property owner submitted the Relocation
Impact Report for the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. Each step brought
400 residents closer to losing their homes. Support for residents continued
to grow. The Human Relations Commission adopted recommendations in
support of residents of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.

Jeff Rensch read a letter from Mary Alice Thornton, president of the Palo Alto
League of Women Voters, supporting residents of Buena Vista Mobile Home
Park. A public-private partnership could be utilized to purchase the land and
preserve the low-income housing.

Erika Escalante, president of the Buena Vista Residents Association,
expressed concerns about the small number of mobile homes that would
survive relocation and the proposed relocation benefit. Most residents would
not only lose their homes but also their jobs, because they would not be able
to remain in Palo Alto or the Bay Area.

Sue Eldredge advocated for the families and students of Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park. Redevelopment of Buena Vista represented the single largest
displacement of children in Palo Alto's history. The Parents and Teachers
Associations Council supported keeping Buena Vista children in Palo Alto
schools by supporting efforts to locate affordable housing within Palo Alto
Unified School District (PAUSD) boundaries. The PAUSD Board would adopt
a statement of support for Buena Vista students. She urged the Council to
keep Buena Vista residents in Palo Alto.

Donald Barr recalled the compromise which led to development of Oak Court
and Woodmark condominiums. The only alternative to maintaining Buena
Vista as a mobile home park was a collaborative, cooperative joint
development providing affordable housing and market-rate housing on the
site.

Terry Godfrey encouraged the Council to consider adding a School Resource
Officer (SRO). One SRO was eliminated from the Budget in 2009. Children
needed a positive experience with police officers.


                                                                         Page 4 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/13/13
