                     MINUTES
space. She questioned the reasons for allowing less than 5,000 square feet
of residential space when the 2,000-square-foot mezzanine was not a
grandfathered use.

Mr. Aknin requested additional clarification of the question.

Council Member Holman reiterated that the Code allowed 5,000 square feet
of residential space and 5,000 square feet of non-residential space. The
Project proposed approximately 3,400 square feet of residential space with
remaining square footage allocated to commercial space.            That was
inconsistent with Code allowances. The use was not grandfathered, while
the FAR was grandfathered. The Code and findings discussed compatibility.
The criteria for compatibility were stated in the Code regarding the South of
Forest Area (SOFA) II and the Downtown Urban Design Guide. When new
construction shared general characteristics and established design linkages
with the area, then it met the requirements for compatibility. The windows
of the Project did not establish design linkages with buildings across the
street. Finding Number 2 did not reference design compatibility. Finding
Number 4 did not reference the design of the building. Finding Number 6
was a circuitous argument. Those findings were not adequate for approval
of the Project.

Mr. Aknin explained that a TDR allowed the transfer of up to 1.0 FAR above
that existing on the site. Since 7,000 square feet currently existed on a
5,000-square-foot lot, 12,000 square feet of commercial space was allowed
on the site. The Project proposed 11,527 square feet of commercial space.
The Project was allowed up to 3.0 FAR by having about 3,500 square feet of
residential floor area on top of that.

Council Member Holman noted the applicant's use of a TDR for 4,327 square
feet and a TDR parking exemption for 5,000 square feet. She asked how the
applicant could use more parking exemptions than TDRs for the square
footage.

Mr. Aknin clarified that the applicant currently would apply the entire 5,000
square feet on both the FAR and the parking.

Council Member Holman again requested clarification regarding the reason
for allowing the applicant to utilize less residential space than was required
by Code.

Mr. Aknin indicated that the base FAR was determined by the amount of
space grandfathered in. At the current time, the Project proposed 7,000
square feet of grandfathered commercial space on a 5,000-square-foot lot.
                                                                            Page 38 of 40
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/9/13
