                               MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to change the Item Number Two in the Incorporation to read
“direct Staff to return to the Policy and Services Committee and
subsequently Council with a draft program to bring about greater
implementation of EV charging stations and/or EV charging banks of stations
at commercial facilities, potentially including Utilities Department or City
incentives, and to ask staff to consider revising fee structure based on the
number of stations at potential EV station banks.”

Council Member Burt felt the Council should provide comments to Staff;
however, he did not wish to be prescriptive.

Council Member Price expressed concern about the lack of preciseness in the
language. The Council required an on-street EV charging station at the
Lytton Gate development and two on-street charging stations at the Maybell
Avenue affordable housing project.

Council Member Holman noted the language "all new housing units" in the
Motion was inaccurate, because multi-family and mixed-use units were not
included.

Mayor Scharff reiterated that the goal was for the Council to make a policy
decision while the Policy and Services Committee would refine the details.
The Motion should state single-family housing.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the language regarding charging
stations at commercial facilities should include multi-family and mixed-use
units.

Council Member Burt replied yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to change Number 5 in the original motion to read “announce at
the EV celebration to be hosted at Palo Alto City Hall on September 25,
2013, that Palo Alto will be a leader in the nation in the installation of EV
stations by mandating that all new single family housing units be required to
install the necessary rough in circuitry.” And to change Item Number Two in
the Incorporation to read “direct Staff to return to the Policy and Services
Committee and subsequently Council with a draft program to bring about
greater implementation of EV charging stations at commercial, multi-family
and mixed use facilities, potentially including Utilities Department or City
incentives.”


                                                                       Page 11 of 13
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/23/13
