                    MINUTES
approximately 11 commercial projects were not completed. Residents had
not complained about any of those commercial projects, and Staff did not
believe action was necessary regarding commercial projects. The Building
Code required the expiration of all building permits after 180 days, and
provided the Chief Building Official with the ability to extend permits once
and a second time only with consideration. Under the proposed Ordinance,
the Chief Building Official could extend an expired permit three times before
it moved to Council review. If fines exceeded $10,000, then Staff would
seek Council review and approval. After the permit had been expired for
more than 31 days, the Chief Building Official had the right to impose fees
up to $200 per day. From the 61st day through the 120th day, the Chief
Building Official had the right to impose fees up to $400 per day. After the
121st day, fees would increase to $800 per day. Language allowed the Chief
Building Official flexibility regarding circumstances beyond the owner's
control and contractor delays. Staff would utilize discretion to ensure that
flexibility was not abused.

Albert Yang, Deputy City Attorney, indicated the correct version of the
proposed Ordinance incorporated the direction of the Committee. Under
Section 2 of the proposed Ordinance, the Chief Building Official was limited
to granting three extensions of permits with additional extensions requiring
Council review. In Section 3, the Chief Building Official was limited to
waivers up to $10,000 with larger waivers requiring Council review.

Public Hearing opened at 9:46 P.M.

Stephanie Munoz suggested the Council limit the amount of time in which
residential projects could degrade. The need to renew a building permit was
a disincentive.

Joe Hirsch provided pictures of a home that remained partially completed
after approximately 8-10 years. The proposed Ordinance was needed for
situations such as that.

Public Hearing closed at 9:52 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to adopt the Ordinance, adopting penalties for maintenance of
expired residential building permits.

Council Member Kniss noted the proposed Ordinance would impose time
limits. The Committee discussed various circumstances which could delay
construction. The intent of the proposed Ordinance was not to burden the
property owner, but to protect surrounding property owners.
                                                                        Page 28 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
