                               MINUTES

John Novitsky developed a solar-powered water purifier which was being
provided to the Philippine Red Cross. He requested the Council provide
assistance if possible.

Sunny Dykwel requested the City respond to the destruction in Palo by
making a donation or organizing a fund raiser. Water, food, clothing, and
shelter were needed.

Diana Cabcabin stated shelter, food, and water were needed desperately in
the Philippines following the typhoon. The typhoon was a direct result of
climate warming.

Ruth Lowy felt the outcome of Measure D was an expression of residents'
displeasure with high-density rezoning. High-density rezoning resulted in
the decline of quality of life for residents. The Council needed to understand
the consequences of high-density zoning.

Stephanie Munoz urged the Council to continue building affordable housing
to retain senior citizens in the community.   The City needed land to
construct affordable housing.

Joseph Hirsch, Palo Altans to Preserve Neighborhood Zoning, was gratified
by the results of the Measure D election. Any new development seeking any
significant increase in development must be based upon a comprehensive
traffic study using current methodology. Mayor Scharff's proposal should be
extended to all high-density projects. Residents needed to participate in a
two-way conversation with the Council.

Council Member Holman requested by acclimation that the City Council
authorize the City Manager to expend $10,000 from the Council Contingency
Fund as a relief donation to Palo, Philippines.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-6.

Council Member Holman registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 6.

2.    Approval of Construction Contract to D&M Traffic in the amount not to
      exceed $180,000 for Safe Routes to School Intersection Improvements
      at Various Locations.

                                                                         Page 5 of 12
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 11/12/13
