                       WORKING MINUTES

Ms. Weiss wanted to confirm San Francisco's process for compostable bags.

Council Member Schmid asked if the City's trial garbage pickup of food waste
included paper, but not plastic.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Environmental Services, replied yes. If the
trial program expanded to the entire City, then residents would place
compostable material in the green cart along with green yard trimmings.
Staff would encourage the use of a compostable bag. For the trial area,
waste would go to composting and would be separated from the green
material.

Council Member Schmid asked what a compostable bag was.

Mr. Bobel explained it was similar to a biodegradable bag, but met a slightly
different standard. Compostable meant ideally the bag would breakdown in
the timeframe of normal compost.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the goal of garbage collection
within a few years would be to use compostable bags.

Mr. Bobel responded yes.        Staff did not encourage residents to use
compostable bags, because food scraps were not being composted. When
food scraps were composted in the future, then the Council could reconsider
this Ordinance to determine if compostable bags could play a larger role in
composting. Residents in the pilot area could reuse compostable produce
bags that some grocers were offering. Eventually he hoped residents would
get a compostable produce bag at the grocer, fill it with food scraps, and
place it in the green cart for composting. The City was not quite ready to
link the two programs.

Council Member Schmid noted the Staff Report did not contain any of that
information. He believed tonight's discussion would be an opportunity to
prepare for the expiration of contracts with GreenWaste and Smart Station.

Council Member Price requested the City Attorney comment on the Retail
Food Code and its relationship to the proposed Ordinance.

Molly Stump, City Attorney reported the State had the authority to
determine that it would exclusively regulate an industry. The question was
whether the State Legislature had done that by passing the Retail Food
Code. The City received correspondence from an industry coalition asserting
that the proposed Ordinance was preempted by the Retail Food Code. That
                                                                         Page 5 of 16
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Working Minutes: 3/11/13
