Mayor Scharff spoke with the Applicant and one of the Appellants.

Molly Stump. City Attorney, reported Council Members should disclose any
new items that they learned in their contacts and that were outside the
record. She requested Council Members provide that additional disclosure.

Council Member Berman did not learn anything new in his meetings with the
Applicant and one of the Appellants.

Council Member Kniss reported that she learned nothing new.

Council Member Schmid learned that someone could drive from the southern
end of Palo Alto to the north end of Palo Alto along Alma Street and not see
such a sign.

Mayor Scharff reported that he did not learn anything new.

Council Member Price did not learn anything new.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment,
reported Alma Village was a Planned Community (PC). As a PC, the
development had site specific zoning and requirements for a site and design
application and a Master Sign Program. Those elements were submitted to
the approval process. A basic outline of the size of signs was included in site
and design and PC review. The sign shown on the original site and design
application was a fabric projecting sign of approximately 104 square feet.
The Architectural Review Board (ARB) recommended approval, and the
Planning Director approved it. The projecting sign was not installed because
of real estate signage on the building. Miki's Market did not have an
opportunity to install the sign prior to closing. The new tenant for the space,
Grocery Outlet, requested the fabric sign be changed to a slightly smaller,
illuminated cabinet sign. The entire cabinet was not illuminated, only the
letters. The sign could not be illuminated after 10:00 P.M. according to the
Municipal Code. The ARB recommended approval, and the Planning Director
approved it. The proposed sign was smaller than the original sign proposed
in the site and design application.

Mayor Scharff disclosed that the Applicant reviewed a list of potential
tenants he contacted about the space. Only Grocery Outlet was interested
in leasing the space. That information was not contained within the Staff
Report and did influence his thinking.

Sherry Furman, Appellant, indicated the appeal concerned the size of the
sign. The project's Master Sign Program specified a 100-square-foot banner.
                                   10                   December 16, 2013
