                                 MINUTES
System (CalPERS) tentatively approved changing the period for smoothing
the rate of return from 15 years to 5 years, and changing the assumption
regarding life expectancy. The LRFF presented to the Finance Committee in
December 2012 projected a $4.2 million surplus over 10 years without
factoring in the CalPERS changes. In March 2013, the LRFF presented to the
Finance Committee projected a $0.5 million surplus including the CalPERS
changes. Impacts from the CalPERS changes would be included in the
Proposed Budget for FY 2016. The LRFF projected a $34.8 million gap when
the model included CalPERS changes and an additional 1/4 percent rate
decrease for the rate of return assumption. Potential savings from the third
tier of pension were not reflected in the LRFF, because Staff needed an
actuarial firm to calculate those savings. The Finance Committee requested
Staff utilize 20-year compounded annual growth to project revenue trends.
Projections were matching actual numbers with regard to the five major
taxes and total revenues. The base model of the LRFF contained an
additional 1 percent as a contingency amount for any unforeseen CalPERS
changes. The 1/4 percent rate reduction resulted in additional costs of $8.1
million for Miscellaneous Employees and $6.3 million for Public Safety
Employees. Using the base model, Staff projected small surpluses in FY
2014 and FY 2015 and a $2.4 million deficit in FY 2016. The alternative
scenario reflected the additional 1/4 percent decrease for the rate of return
resulting in a $49 million deficit. This deficit did not include savings from the
third tier for pension or any cost savings measures implemented by the City.
He expected CalPERS Staff to approach the CalPERS Board in February 2014
with a recommendation to reduce the rate of return another 1/4 percent.
Staff recommended the City not smooth the impact of the decreased rate of
return over two years, but rather to pay it in one year. He said Staff
presented samples from the Cost of Services Study, received feedback, and
expected to provide a draft summary report in the next few months. The
Council could expect to make decisions regarding delivery of services and
cost recovery policies.      Staff should continue to secure funding for
infrastructure needs and continue to restructure benefits for cost sharing
with employees. The Finance Committee recommended the Council discuss
the possibility of earmarking new revenues for infrastructure.

Council Member Burt, Chair of the Finance Committee stated the Finance
Committee had three meetings on the LRFF.         The Finance Committee
requested the LRFF project revenue on the basis of a 20-year compounded
rate of growth; and utilize the most recent CalPERS rate of return and
assumptions. The LRFF did not include potential savings from the third tier
of pension. A majority of the Finance Committee recommended the Council
discuss new revenue streams, such as the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT)
from new hotels. He asked if the LRFF included projections for increased
TOT from new hotels.
                                                                           Page 7 of 21
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/13/13
