                               MINUTES
intersections. The decorative elements of the existing facility would be
continued in the new building.

Annette Eros, CEO of Ronald McDonald House, explained that children were
suffering more serious health conditions; treatment was more intensive;
stays were longer; and families had higher levels of financial distress. The
average length of stay increased from six days ten years ago to 29 days at
the current time. The Ronald McDonald House was filled to capacity every
day, and 40-50 families filled the daily waiting list for housing. The Lucile
Packard Children's Hospital had plans to expand; therefore, Ronald
McDonald House needed to expand to meet current and future demand.

Sarah Reichanadter, Ronald McDonald House Family Activities Coordinator,
interacted with the families daily and provided tours of the facility. The
families created communities and supported one another.

Sherri Sager, Chief Government and Community Relations Officer for Lucile
Packard Children's Hospital, supported the Ronald McDonald House
application to expand to serve children and their families. She urged the
Council's approval of the application.

Public Hearing closed at 10:38 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to accept Staff, the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC), and the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) recommendation to approve:

(1)   a Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment M) for the project;

(2) an Ordinance (Attachment A) to rezone a 1.57-acre site at 50 El
Camino Real, from CC(L) to PF(D) (from Community Commercial with a
Landscape Combining District (CC(L)) to Public Facility with a Site and
Design Combining District (PF-D);

(3) a Resolution (Attachment B) amending the site’s Comprehensive Plan
land use designation from Streamside Open Space to Major
Institution/Special Facilities; and

(4) a Record of Land Use Action (RLUA, Attachment C) approving a
Conditional Use Permit (CUP) and Site and Design Review application for the
construction of a 69-room, three story, 51,948 square foot building to house
an expanded Ronald McDonald House program.


                                                                           Page 29 of 35
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/03/13
