                                MINUTES

Muriel Gravina favored postponement of capping, because the plan should
be completed first. The ultimate goal was not to transport refuse. She also
favored AD or whatever technology would work.

Emily Renzel urged the Council to direct Staff to cap the entire landfill in
2013. Capping was intended to contain methane gas and to prevent
leachate formation. Capping should not be delayed any longer. She urged
the Council to investigate the basis for a fair market value rent of $10,800
an acre per year. The Refuse Fund had not paid rent for Byxbee Park since
Fiscal Year 2011.

Enid Pearson stated every attempt had been made not to close the landfill.
She opposed the construction of an AD facility. The Council should not allow
parks to be eroded by development. She urged the Council to cap the entire
landfill.

Walt Hays felt the Staff recommendation limited an ECF to 5 acres. It was
unlikely the City could obtain a permit to uncap a portion of the landfill. He
talked with Assemblyman Rich Gordon, who indicated he would personally
work on behalf of Palo Alto to obtain permission from the regulators.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere urged the Council to delay capping, because the
amount of land needed for an ECF was currently unknown. If the Council
chose to cap a portion of the landfill, he suggested capping 22 acres rather
than 34 acres.

Herb Borock believed the entire landfill should be capped. The RFP solicited
proposals for a regional facility, in which case the contractor should pay fair
market value. Staff indicated the project would be located on the site;
however, the RFP provided an option for export. The RFP was unclear
concerning costs which the contractor would pay.

Jeb Eddy was interested in clean air and energy efficiency.     He urged the
Council not to cap the landfill in 2013 to keep options open.

Edith Eddy hoped the Council would consider any actions to decrease carbon
dioxide emissions.




01-14-2013                                                           112- 187
