                               MINUTES

Public Hearing Closed at 9:37 P.M.

Council Member Burt indicated the public participated extensively at the
Finance Committee's discussion of the CDBG Program.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to: 1) adopt the attached funding Resolution allocating CDBG funding as
recommended by staff in the 2014 Action Plan; 2) authorize staff to submit
the 2014 Action Plan to the Department of Housing and Urban Development
by the May 15, 2013 deadline; and, 3) authorize the City Manager, or
designee, to execute the 2014 application and Action Plan for CDBG funds
and any other necessary documents concerning the application and grant
agreements and to otherwise bind the City with respect to the application
and commitment of funds.

Council Member Price felt the outcomes from funding would be impressive.

Council Member Holman requested clarification of adjustments to funding.

Ms. Hernandez reported Staff would make adjustments to allocations once
they received the annual allocation from the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD). Amounts used for planning purposes were
based on an 8.2 percent reduction.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff could separate the administrative
costs from the total allocation of $150,000. She suggested Staff provide
more time and more outreach for the public regarding notice of the CDBG
Program.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, indicated
Staff would determine ways to enhance outreach. He inquired whether
Council Member Holman was referring to a breakdown of the $101,000
amount.

Council Member Holman answered the $150,000 allocation for the Micro
Assistance Program, and suggested Staff separate the administrative portion
from the total $150,000 allocation.

Ms. Hernandez explained that some agencies used a portion of funds for
salaries and a portion for other items such as equipment. Of the $150,000
total allocation, $36,000 was estimated to be used for administrative costs
with the balance for direct services.        Staff tracked their time for
administrative costs via time cards.
                                                                     Page 16 of 26
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 5/6/13
