                               MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Robert Moss stated the Planned Community (PC) process was broken.
Developers received huge benefits while providing no benefits to the public.
Planning Staff did not know how to regain public benefits. He suggested the
Council place a moratorium on PC Zoning for the remainder of 2013 until the
Council could define public and private benefits and determine how to
enforce public benefits.

Mike Francois shared a Time magazine December 2012 article regarding
diseases. A 2012 Harvard study indicated fluoride affected adolescent's
ability to learn. Jackie Speier thought the Glass-Stegall Act should be the
law of the land. The United States was considered to be the Saudi Arabia of
natural gas.

Aaron Greenspan reported many College Terrace residents were not aware
of the adjacent EPA Superfund site. Monitoring wells showed increased
levels of chemicals. No water and air data was available for the site,
because no wells were installed. Landlords should be required by law to
notify tenants of conditions harmful to tenants.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated she would not participate in Agenda Item
Number 10 due to an interest in property within the Business Improvement
District.

Council Member Berman indicated he would not participate in Agenda Item
Number 13 due to a business interest in plastic bags.

Council Member Holman registered a No vote on Agenda Item Number 7.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 7-15.

Council Member Kniss received mail regarding automatic external
defibrillators (AED). She supported use of AEDs and hoped they would be
widely disseminated.

Council Member Burt noted Staff planned to propose in the Fiscal Year 2014
Budget AEDs for each police vehicle. The Finance Committee recommended
the Council implement a comprehensive program through use of the Council
Contingency Fund.

                                                                           Page 5 of 18
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 4/15/13
