                               MINUTES
Market value meant the current value of a portfolio versus liability. He
suggested using market value if one wanted to fund the trust today. The
AVA would be useful for a long-term view.

Council Member Berman asked whether the goal of the funded ratio was 100
percent funding.

Mr. Perez indicated the typical goal was 80 percent and higher.

Council Member Berman inquired whether that applied to both AVA and
MVA.

Mr. Perez indicated the focus was on AVA. The funded ratio was debated
across different sectors. The Council should watch that and be concerned
about it. CalPERS would be reviewing the issue of smoothing and whether
to stop smoothing.      High returns meant the payment amount would
decrease faster, and low returns meant the payment amount would increase
higher.

Council Member Berman requested a comparison of benefits among similar
cities.

Ms. Scott reported Staff had a chart they would provide the Council. Of 12
cities around the Bay Area, 41 percent established second pension tiers for
Non-Safety Employees and 50 percent for Public Safety Employees before
PEPRA was enacted.        Three of 12 cities paid some portion of the
Miscellaneous Employee contribution to CalPERS, and only one city paid
some portion of the Public Safety Employee contribution.

Mr. Keene believed the City compared more favorably when total
compensation was considered rather than one component of compensation.

Ms. Shen added retiree medical for the retiree and his family was a real
draw to the City.

Council Member Schmid was disappointed with the Report in that the intent
of the original Colleagues Memo was to explore options and alternatives that
might be available to the City. CalPERS was acting to maximize payouts,
not to assure that each city was being run in a responsible manner.
Employees had the biggest interest in the system, yet CalPERS did not
accept the actuarial recommendations for a prudent reserve number. The
risk was being placed on cities, and he questioned who the partners were in
the risk. The most realistic alternative that was in the best of interest of

                                                                         Page 14 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
