                               MINUTES

Council Member Holman stated the nature of Study Sessions often did not
provide Staff with explicit directions as to what information was needed from
them.

Council Member Kniss noted the City did not own the Maybell property. The
Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC) owned the property. PAHC had the
right to determine the future of the property. The City loaned PAHC funds to
assist with the purchase of the property.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ken Horowitz was concerned about bicycle safety during darkness. The
California Vehicle Code required bicycles operated on a public street during
darkness to have a lamp and reflectors. Perhaps the City could emphasize
bicycle safety in community communications.

Shari thanked the Mayor for acknowledging the devastation in the
Philippines. She encouraged the City and community to provide aid and
relief to victims of the typhoon. The City of Palo was completely destroyed.

Ruth Carleton, Vice President for the Sister City of Palo, urged the City and
Council to help Palo, which was destroyed by the typhoon.

Winter Dellenbach advocated for a moratorium on Planned Community (PC)
Zoning.   Affordable housing was easily disregarded in the Measure D
election. Most residents felt PC Zoning resulted in overdevelopment of the
commercial nature of PC projects. Now was the time for PC Zoning reform.

Chris Donlay provided a parking density map of the Ventura neighborhood.
Street parking density at midday was fairly heavy. Ten projects under
review for the neighborhood were untenable. He requested the City include
the neighborhoods of Ventura and Evergreen in the biennial parking study,
and a pipeline report be made available on a regular basis.

John Guislin presented a parking saturation map for the Crescent Park area.
Parking saturation reached 50-79 percent for 11 of the 29 blocks surveyed.
He urged the Council to utilize a comprehensive approach in examining the
impacts of increased traffic parking which would result from new
developments.

Neilson Buchanan noted increased collaboration with respect to commuter
parking in neighborhoods. Data regarding commuter intrusion was needed
to further discussions.
                                                                        Page 4 of 12
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 11/12/13
