          MINUTES
8 percent increase in population, a 30-50 percent increase in intersection
congestion, and a 20 percent decline in traffic was not possible. The number
of PC projects had not increased over the prior 15 years. Many PC projects
were now valued community assets. Community dialog was needed. He
was frustrated by the lack of emphasis placed on project compliance with
the Comprehensive Plan.        Staff Reports should present all significant
elements of the Comprehensive Plan that a project impacted. He was
interested in the possibility of new projects being fully parked and perhaps
even over parked. The Council needed data regarding the number of
employees for each employer in the City. He favored implementation of a
business registry to obtain accurate data. The review process should be
altered to ensure the quality and compatibility of projects was better for the
community.

Council Member Holman inquired about further discussion of the topic and
the possibility of Staff summarizing Council comments.

Mayor Scharff indicated a Special Meeting would be held to continue the
discussion.

Council Member Holman requested clarity regarding next steps for Staff
follow up.

Council Member Klein called Point of Order.         There should be an
understanding regarding the length of Council Member comments.

Mayor Scharff believed each Council Member should be allowed to speak at
least once.

Council Member Klein suggested Council Members be notified when their
comments reached 15 minutes in length.

Council Member Holman agreed with a number of Council Member Burt's
comments. The Council recently discussed Core Values, and the Council
should adopt public trust as a Core Value. The Council should require
transparent, objective, and balanced Staff Reports. Data regarding traffic
impacts was not plausible, and the Staff Report should contain other factors.
The Staff Report mentioned support of innovation and entrepreneurship;
however, it did not mention support of community character. The City
should have a moratorium on PC projects, including projects in the pipeline.
In a number of instances, public benefits were not delivered, were not
consistent, were not clearly identified, or were not enduring. The Council,
Boards, and Commissions needed specific training on compatibility.
Development standards should be reviewed. Her previous question to Staff
                                                                         Page 16 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/02/13
