                               MINUTES
impact a Liaison's attendance at meetings. The language regarding policy
issues should be "but have discretion in representing the City on issues
where the Council has not taken a policy position on a matter." The
Committee expected a Tier 2 Liaison to attend meetings. Tier 3 included
meetings of community-based organizations (CBO), and Liaisons had
discretion regarding attendance.   The Committee and Staff thoroughly
vetted the recommendations.

Council Member Burt questioned whether Tier 1 included other official
advisory groups.

Council Member Kniss asked if Council Member Burt meant ad hoc groups.

Council Member Burt clarified groups such as blue ribbon task forces.

Council Member Kniss noted those groups became ad hoc groups unless they
were established as a long-term Commission. She was amendable to adding
ad hoc groups to the language.

Council Member Klein reported Staff cleaned up some of the Committee
language. To be consistent, the Council should review the language on page
670. Staff correctly changed the language to "those appointed by the Mayor
and Council, i.e., the City's Boards and Commissions."

Council Member Burt asked how the various task forces fit into the scheme
of tiers.

Council Member Klein stated task forces were a Board or a Commission. He
was agreeable to adding task forces.

Council Member Burt wished to understand the intention. Tier 2 stated
county, state, and federal levels; however, Attachment B contained many
regional agencies that were neither county nor state agencies.             He
suggested the language be revised to county, regional, state, and federal.

Council Member Kniss agreed.     She and most likely the Committee would
accept clarifying language.

Council Member Burt noted Tier 2 indicated Liaisons that may be selected by
those other than the Mayor, and inquired which Tier would contain Liaisons
selected by the Mayor.

Council Member Kniss indicated they were listed on page 666.

                                                                            Page 8 of 18
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 4/15/13
