                              MINUTES

2.    Approval of a Construction Contract to JCM Construction Inc. in the
      Amount Not to Exceed $358,600 to Provide Construction Services to
      Reconfigure the City Hall 6th and 7th Floor Public Works Engineering
      Services, Fire Department, and City Clerk's Office Areas.

3.    Resolutions 9375, 9376, 9377, and 9378 entitled “Resolutions of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing the City of Palo Alto’s Healthcare
      Premium Costs Under the Public Employees’ Medical and Hospital Care
      Act (PEMHCA) for Palo Alto’s New Bargaining Units, Palo Alto Police
      Management Association and Utilities Managers and Professionals
      Association of Palo Alto.”

MOTION PASSED FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 2-3: 7-0 Holman, Price
absent

ACTION ITEMS

4.    Update on the Infrastructure Committee’s Work to Evaluate Finance
      Measures to Fund Infrastructure Projects and Financing Measures.

Sheila Tucker, Assistant to the City Manager, reported a baseline survey
was conducted in the spring of 2013. Findings from the survey were
presented to the Council in a Study Session.              The Infrastructure
Committee (Committee) analyzed the results for areas of further study,
refined the costs of infrastructure projects, evaluated the issuance of
Certificates of Participation (COP) and the utilization of finance measures,
and considered bundled measures and Mello-Roos Districts.

Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works, indicated total project
costs with committed funding were $180 million. Attachment A to the
Staff Report contained details of the various projects. Committed funding
included funds committed through the Capital Improvement Program (CIP)
Budget, the Five-Year Plan, and grants where funds had not been
received. The net cost, which remained unfunded, was $180 million. The
Committee reviewed grant opportunities, removed uncertain projects and
reconciled the project list to the CIP. The City applied for several grants
and was awarded $5 million applicable to the Bike Bridge Project and
Charleston-Arastradero. Projects with ongoing studies or needing Council
decisions, such as Cubberley Community Center and the Municipal Service
Center (MSC), were considered uncertain.         Costs of projects in the
surface, parks and buildings categories decreased as a result of projects
being funded through the Five-Year CIP. The Committee decided streets
projects should be eliminated because of additional funding and the
                                                                           Page 4 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/28/13
