                               MINUTES
to determine the amount of a fine. She was not convinced that $94,000
would deter a developer from taking similar action in the future.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to assess a penalty of $170,000 instead of $94,200.

Council Member Schmid felt the historical resource was removed.      A
replication of the building was not the same as the original building.
Because of an improved economy in Palo Alto, the property received an
increased valuation. Sharing the increased value was logical.

AMENDMENT TO MOTION FAILED:               2-6 Holman, Schmid yes, Scharff
absent

Council Member Price inquired whether the calculation for the penalty would
be codified as a means to assess future penalties.

Ms. Stump indicated that the structure was part of the PC Ordinance for the
project. There was not sufficient basis to generalize the calculation to other
potential penalties. The Council and Staff should have a broader discussion
regarding potential future penalties.

Council Member Price asked if the topic of that discussion should be the
whole issue of penalty and codifying approaches for the future.

Ms. Stump responded yes. In the case of this project, the existing Code
structures were inadequate. The Motion did not amend the Code; it was
specific to the project. The Council should have a broader discussion to
amend the Code.

Council Member Klein suggested the Motion be revised to add a new item
after Item Number 2: "3) to assess a fine against the developer of $94,200
with respect to the improper demolition of Building Number 1."          He
requested the City Attorney's opinion regarding that language.

Ms. Silver reported an existing fee structure indicated the fee for demolition
of a historic structure was $500. In order to assess this as a fine, the
Council would need a corresponding amendment to the fee structure. The
Council could assess this as a payment in connection with the overall PC
Amendment.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the language "require the developer
to pay the sum of $94,200 with respect to the improper demolition of
Building Number 1" would be appropriate.
                                                                         Page 17 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/7/13
