                          DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Klein explained in the years five Council Members were
elected, the City could conceivably not have a quorum. The easiest solution
that did not require a Charter Amendment was to set the swearing in and
reorganization date on the first business day of the year or January 2. The
City Charter was out of sync, but a Charter Amendment required a vote of
the people. Term ending dates could be earlier, but that would also require
a Charter Amendment and vote of the people. The City Attorney correctly
instructed former Mayor Yeh that he could not perform any actions as Mayor
after December 31, 2012, because he was no longer in office. Having the
swearing in ceremony on the first Monday in January could result in a
serious problem.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to request Staff prepare the necessary Resolution or Ordinance to
set the first business day of the calendar year as the date for the swearing in
of new Council Members, the election of the Mayor and Vice Mayor and the
recognition of departing Council Members/Mayor/Vice Mayor, with no other
business to be transacted at such meeting.

Council Member Schmid noted four Council meetings in January and
February were not business meetings.       It made sense to have the
organizational meeting on the first business day, and hopefully the first
Monday would add a meeting to keep the Agenda moving.

Council Member Kniss did not believe this     had been a problem for many
years. There was a historical precedent        for holding the organizational
meeting on the first Monday in January.        The City liked the pomp and
ceremony. She inquired whether anyone         could be sworn in as early as
January 1.

Ms. Stump answered yes. The only people who needed to be sworn were
folks who were elected to a new term. They were eligible to be sworn from
the first moment of January 1 under the Charter.

Council Member Kniss recalled that if the Council wished, it could extend the
time period for the Mayor's service until January 7. She asked Council
Member Klein if his term was extended in 1984 or 1985 because of
extenuating circumstances.

Council Member Klein stated the terms of Mayor and Vice Mayor were
defined differently. Council Members left office at midnight on December 31.
Mayors and Vice Mayors, if they were still Council Members, continued in
office until their successors were elected. Former Mayor Yeh could not
continue in office beyond December 31, because he was no longer on the
                                                                          Page 22 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
