                          DRAFT MINUTES

Mayor Scharff wanted to know the name of the agency, but was fine if she
was uncomfortable providing the names.

Ms. Salazar stated some information was public knowledge. One agency in
financial distress reached out to Wells Fargo and requested advice regarding
methods to minimize healthcare costs. The agency implemented a flex plan
to create a defined contribution model for active employees. The agency
could pay a large portion of the premium of one particular plan offered by
CalPERS and that would be available to the majority of employees. The
agency implemented a 3 percent inflationary rider on the defined
contribution. They also created a different tier of retiree healthcare benefit
allowance for new employees. Those employees would only receive from
that particular agency a minimum contribution, which was required by
CalPERS. They would have an equal contribution for active and retired
employees, in which case they minimized their healthcare costs in the future
as new employees would only receive the minimum contribution at
retirement from that agency. At the same time, they chose to offer a retiree
healthcare trust, which enabled the employee population to prefund the
retiree healthcare costs through an automatic salary deduction. The agency
matched up to $2,000 a year. Another agency implemented a defined
contribution model. They had a plan similar to Palo Alto's, rescinded the
CalPERS vesting schedule, and implemented their own retiree healthcare
graded schedule

Mayor Scharff inquired whether the City could have its own vesting schedule
rather than using the CalPERS schedule.

Ms. Salazar answered no. The City could not have a vesting schedule
outside of the CalPERS. The agency offered a longevity stipend. Based on
the years of service with that agency, the employee would be eligible to
receive a defined contribution at retirement which would be deposited into a
trust. The retiree would use trust funds for qualified healthcare expenses as
defined under Section 213(d) of the IRS Code.

Ms. Stump inquired whether the City could change the benefit schedule
contained in the Statute, Section 22893. However, the City could exit the
plan and use CalPERS rules to create its own version negotiated with
employees.

Ms. Salazar responded yes. It would not use the term vesting schedule,
because it was not a vesting schedule. It would recognize years of service in
the form of a longevity stipend or a graded retirement benefit.

                                                                         Page 18 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
