                                 MINUTES

Alex Panelli reported he paid taxes to support PAUSD; however, his home
was zoned for the Los Altos School District. The City's Lease Agreement was
a subsidy of PAUSD. He suggested a City-wide vote regarding rededication
of the Utility Users Tax (UUT) to fund infrastructure projects; the City assist
PAUSD with crafting and passing a revenue measure to replace the subsidy;
and renegotiation of the Lease such that the City Lease payment was
approximately equal to net rents collected.

Jim Olstad advocated termination of the current Lease with future discussion
of a new Lease if needed. A new Lease could have a fresh and rigorous
review with balanced input from advocacy groups.

George Browning felt each report presented and defined problems such that
the Council and PAUSD could easily make decisions. CCAC's efforts were
worthwhile.

Karen Chin indicated Cubberley should continue to play a valuable role in
shaping children into strong citizens for the future.

Joe Hirsch, President of the Cardiac Therapy Foundation, reported the
Foundation would go out of business if it did not have the Cubberley site.
He suggested utilizing three to four acres of Cubberley to build a wellness
center to serve people aged 50 and older. He expressed concern that adults
would not be allowed access to shared facilities during school hours.

Deirdre Crommie lived in Palo Alto but her children attended Los Altos
schools. She was interested in how her tax dollars were spent. Cubberley
was irreplaceable.

Barbara Mitchell, Palo Alto Unified School District Board Member, inquired
whether CCAC discussed the need for athletic fields should PAUSD construct
a high school.

Ms. Hetterly reported CCAC expected a high school would have full athletic
activities, and fields would not be available for community use during high
school sports seasons. With shared use, a gap for field uses remained.

Ms. Mitchell noted the report indicated the possibility of an additional field,
and asked if an additional field along with a high school would serve
community needs without a loss of services.

Ms. Hetterly stated CCAC did not evaluate the City's need for fields. Some
of the 9.4 acres could be dedicated to fields.


                                                                 March 14, 2013
