                                MINUTES

Chuck Jagoda stated City Staff and the working group did not consider all
alternatives.

Becky Johnson indicated the proposed Ordinance would allow police officers
to remove people from public spaces even though they had not committed a
crime.

Paul Mitchell suggested the Council designate areas for vehicle habitation.

Edie Keating believed the Council needed to accommodate the homeless
population and determine where the homeless could live.

Yu-Shen Ng reluctantly supported the proposed Ordinance. The City needed
structured support for the homeless population.

Diane Guinta urged the community to find a solution better than the
proposed Ordinance.

Phyllis Cassel expressed concern that the proposed Ordinance would not
solve the vehicle habitation issue. The proposed Ordinance would affect
those homeless people who were not creating problems in the community.

Aparna Ananthasub Camarian recalled solutions proposed at working group
meetings. Any solution should be developed or vetted by a group of people
representative of those affected by the issue.

Sandy Perry noted the funding challenges for Section 8 housing. Affordable
housing was the only reasonable solution.

LaDoris Cordell listed problems that would be caused if vehicle dwellers were
incarcerated under the proposed Ordinance.        She did not support the
proposed Ordinance.

Tony Ciampi believed the problems at Cubberley could be alleviated through
enforcement of existing Ordinances.

William Safford offered to represent vehicle dwellers cited for violation of the
proposed Ordinance.

Elliott Wright hoped to find an alternative solution to the vehicle habitation
problem.

Sandra Nakagawa opposed the proposed Ordinance.
                                                                             Page 12 of 18
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
