                             MINUTES

Council Member Schmid asked if the middle group, the 147, could still claim
the parking exemption.

Mr. Aknin replied yes.

Council Member Schmid referenced the parking exemptions in Attachment C
of the March 5, 2012 report, and asked about a cause for the gap between
323 exemptions and 532 TDRs.

Mr. Aknin noted the March 5, 2012 report was part of the annual report to
the Council. Staff performed the most in-depth analysis of TDRs that had
ever been performed in preparing the Staff Report.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the annual reports might have
some questionable data.

Mr. Aknin indicated that the annual reports considered parking that came
online since the TDR. The table within the Staff Report only showed the
number of TDRs used. It did not show any offset from parking built
Downtown.

Council Member Schmid was interested in the dynamics of the current
situation. People from Downtown North and Professorville indicated there
was a dynamic in the neighborhoods that was quite different than in the
past. He asked if the gap between exemptions reported in the annual
reports and in the Staff Report was a possible explanation of the changing
dynamic.

Mr. Aknin suggested the change in dynamic was affected more by the
change in occupancies within buildings than by the new floor area.
Downtown Palo Alto contained approximately 3.5 million square feet of non-
commercial area in 1986. The growth rate was less than 10 percent over
the last 30 years. Obviously the parking problem grew by more than 10
percent. A change in use had a greater proportional effect than TDRs on the
overall parking situation.

Council Member Schmid commented that the Council could proceed with the
proposed Ordinance; however, the future would bring bigger issues. Good
data would be critical to making good decisions.

Mayor Scharff asked how Section 3 related to losing 2,000 square feet of
FAR as it only mentioned parking. Section 2e disallowed the parking

                                                                     Page 21 of 34
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 10/21/13
