                                MINUTES
educational center with an enrollment in all programs totaling more than
4,000.     Cubberley provided indoor sports and health programs with
approximately 2,000 participants. Cubberley's athletic fields and tennis
courts covered approximately half the campus and were used intensely year-
round by 7,000 participants. The demand for athletic fields continued to
grow. Seventeen studios and 22 artists in residence occupied three wings of
the Cubberley campus. The program established a community of visual
artists who supported, collaborated with, and exchanged ideas with one
another and the community. Cubberley housed a theatre seating 317 people
and provided a location for a variety of performance and lecture events.
Accompanying rooms provided approximately 500 musicians of all ages with
space to practice, rehearse, and perform. Dance programs covered all age
groups and many dance styles. Cubberley provided meeting and office
space for dozens of regular users. Cubberley was a vibrant, thriving
community center that met the social, cultural, and educational needs of
thousands of people. In response to outreach, 25 percent of programs
reported they would go out of business if Cubberley was not available; the
remaining 75 percent reported they would attempt to relocate outside of
Palo Alto due to high rental rates.

Ms. Reklis stated Cubberley was a unique community center that served all
of Palo Alto. Many programs and much space would be lost if Cubberley was
replaced by the community center at Mitchell Park. The clusters of services
supported and interacted with one another.             Major tenants provided
significant administration and scheduling services. A professional needs
assessment was needed to identify community needs. The Sub-Committee
believed services could be preserved and expanded while providing space for
a high school. Benefits of the City's and PAUSD's joint use of Cubberley
were enhanced programs, preservation of resources, and a joint vision.
There was no place to which Cubberley could be moved. PAUSD would incur
a large cost to purchase the City's 8 acres to build a high school. As a
fallback alternative, the City could construct buildings on the 8 acres it
owned, and provide the same square footage of Cubberley and parking. In
the short term, the City and PAUSD should renegotiate a Lease to include
planning a joint community center and school facility with site parking
access, and perform a professional community needs assessment. Medium-
term recommendations were for the City to construct community buildings
while most of the site continued to operate; for PAUSD to plan future
schools; and for the City and PAUSD to plan shared spaces and negotiate a
Lease.    Long-term recommendations were for the City to continue to
evaluate the best mix of tenants and a fee schedule for community space;
for PAUSD to build a new school; and for the City and PAUSD to plan how to
share space and energy. A more efficient layout of the site would provide
space for all existing activities and meet potential school needs.


                                                               March 14, 2013
