                                MINUTES
appropriate. Comparison to cities with utilities was a factor in considering
compensation for Council-appointed officials. She concurred with comments
regarding the importance of comparing Palo Alto to cities that provided
utilities. She would not support the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER for the Finance Committee to refer this item back
to the City Council no later than the meeting on Monday, June 10, 2013.

Mr. Keene believed the intention was for the Finance Committee to return
with a potential recommendation in a timely manner.

Council Member Burt noted the schedule of Budget hearings for the Finance
Committee, and inquired whether this issue could be placed on the Finance
Committee Agenda in May 2013.

Lalo Perez, Director Administrative Services/Chief Financial Officer, believed
the positive financial outlook would allow the Finance Committee to discuss
the compensation plan in May.

Council Member Berman supported the Motion. He assumed the Finance
Committee would receive more quantitative information. He asked if
employees above midpoint would be Y-rated.

Ms. Shen explained employees would not be Y-rated unless they were at the
120th percentile.

Council Member Berman inquired whether employees above the midpoint
would remain above the midpoint when raises were implemented.

Ms. Shen reported Human Resources would issue guidelines to hiring
managers regarding moving people through the range. Merit increases
would be allocated based on performance. If someone was an excellent
performer, he could receive a greater increase, particularly if he was lower in
the range. If an employee was higher in the range, he could receive a lower
increase. In the span of a career, an employee would expect to begin lower
in the range and move up over time. Long-tenured employees would be
above the midpoint of the range.

Mr. Keene envisioned more in-depth Staff work regarding criteria to manage
salary increases. The first item was to set the salary schedule in relation to
competition. Staff would provide recommendations regarding placement of
employees within ranges.

                                                                         Page 25 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/6/13
