                               MINUTES
Carla Wittenberg believed Cubberley was a hub to the community and
provided support.

Malati Raghunath requested the Council maintain Cubberley for the
community.

Patricia Rohrmeier spoke highly of the pre-school program at Cubberley.

Brian Carilli believed a citywide needs assessment would be beneficial to
determine all of the needs rather than simply Cubberley.

Mike Cobb spoke on the demands placed on the City by the Association of
Bay Area Governments (ABAG). He supported an agreement between the
City and PAUSD before the ABAG process removed the possibility.

Kelly Carnevale recommended the City and PAUSD work together to create a
viable joint space use plan.

Megan Swezey Fogarty understood the Cubberley discussions were complex
in nature and that it was rare to have an opportunity to recreate civic space.
She encouraged Council to be courageous in their journey through
Cubberley.

Lanie Wheeler asked Council to renew the lease and come to an agreement
with the PAUSD to divert the funds from the Covenant Not to Develop into
the infrastructure needs at Cubberley. The needs assessment should be
performed citywide not strictly for Cubberley.

Elizabeth Alexis did not believe there was a reason for Cubberley to sit idle
until the PAUSD needed the site. The schools were doubling in their size
while the community needs were not matching those needs.

Penny Ellson spoke regarding cooperation between the City and the PAUSD.
Understanding the comprehensive needs of the City and a comprehensive
understanding of the resources available to meet those needs should be
accomplished prior to moving forward.

Claire Kirner said Cubberley was a vibrant and centrally located facility. She
urged the Council to complete a needs assessment.

Diane Reklis asked Council to share their general vision for the Cubberley
site.


                                                                        Page 13 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/13/13
