                       WORKING MINUTES
Jeff Rangel, Brocade Director of Corporate Affairs, extended an invitation for
everyone to participate in the Turkey Trot. He explained the process for
competing for the Mayor's Cup.

Kathleen King, Healthier Kids Foundation, indicated the Turkey Trot was key
to providing food and housing for children. One goal was to be the largest
and fastest growing event.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the event sold out.

Ms. King answered yes.      They were planning for 28,000 participants;
however, youth participants would be limited in number to 900.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if all citizens could participate.

Ms. King responded yes.

Palo Alto Free Press referenced a Supreme Court opinion regarding self-
expression. He urged the Council to reconsider its policy regarding public
clapping at meetings. Clapping was not disruptive behavior.

Herb Borock noticed advertising on the outside of a public toilet when it was
Council policy not to have advertising.

Art Liberman indicated the City needed a comprehensive traffic and planning
vision for new developments. The current traffic process failed to provide a
coherent context for new projects.       Public involvement was essential
because traffic issues were complicated and contentious.

Sven Thesen asked the Council to direct the Planning and Transportation
Commission to draft an Ordinance to require all housing stock to be electric
vehicle ready; to direct Staff to create a task force to streamline the current
permitting process and to reduce the permit fee; and to direct Staff to create
a task force to develop a permitting process for residential curbside electric-
vehicle chargers.

Stephanie Munoz requested the Council place an item on the Agenda to
discuss the closing of the JJ&F Market. The agreement to develop the
property was to retain a grocery story on that site.




                                                                           Page 3 of 17
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Working Minutes: 9/9/13
