                                 MINUTES
Council Member Klein acknowledged there had been a number of requests
received for a public meeting on Cubberley and including the requests
received from Chair Cobb and Vice Chair Hetterly of the Cubberley
Community Advisory Committee. He believed those opinions needed to be
respected. He felt a public meeting would provide the Council an opportunity
to explain the process to the community. Palo Alto was an open and
transparent community; although, there was no definition to the terms. The
Cubberley site would be a negotiation and he was unfamiliar with any type
of negotiation being performed in public. When negotiations reached the
terms of the lease options and rental amounts that was a private matter. In
speaking with Chair Cobb regarding the public meeting; he asked who would
speak or attend that had not previously.

Chair Cobb was uncertain although he felt if there was additional outreach
there may be additional public comment.

Council Member Klein stated the Council’s goal of completion for the
Cubberley agreement was December of 2013. He wanted to assure the
community that he had read the full Cubberley Community Advisory
Committee report and he was aware other colleagues had done the same
and they were prepared to make a decision. He apologized for any confusion
with respect to the legal title of the Agenda Item referencing a sale of the 8
acres. The City was not contemplating the sale of the 8 acres.

Council Member Holman acknowledged the public meeting held at the
Cubberley Community Auditorium for discussion on the matter and review of
the Cubberley Community Advisory Committee report was not heavily
attended. She looked forward to a more lively discussion at the upcoming
public meeting. She supported the Motion but had complications with the
date of May 13, 2013.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was pleased to support the Agenda Item as a public
meeting. She asked if the Cubberley Community Advisory Committee had
been disbanded.

James Keene, City Manager, stated that was correct.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood and wanted to share with the community
that the completed report was available for viewing and it was a substantial
piece of work.

Council Member Schmid supported the Motion and was surprised a Closed
Session was scheduled prior to an open session. He believed the Council had
agreed to an open session during the Cubberley Study Session.

                                                                    April 22, 2013
                                                             City Council Minutes
