                         ACTION MINUTES
Council Member Burt spoke about the monthly San Francisquito Creek Joint
Powers Authority meeting which focused on the construction plan for
downstream of Highway 101. The Caltrain Policy Maker Advisory Group also
met regarding level boarding which is important because between level
boarding and electrification it becomes a more efficient system.      The
Peninsula Cities Consortium discussed that the Caltrain Policy Maker
Advisory Group was not being well attended and should serve in a better
advisory role. They were drafting letters for agencies to send to Caltrain
sharing their concerns and recommendations.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to: 1) send the Minutes of August 19, 2013 back to Staff and request
they work with the Planning Staff to create a more in depth analysis of the
Architectural Review Board Study Session and bring back to Council at a
later date and 2) approve the Minutes of September 20, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 5-1-0 Berman abstaining, Kniss and Price Absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to approve Agenda Item Number 2.

2.   Recommendation that Council Adopt the Attached Corrected Version of
     the Community Facilities Closure Ordinance (Ordinance No. 5209),
     adding Section 9.06.020 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code – Overnight
     Use of Community Facilities Prohibited.

MOTION PASSED: 5-1-1 Holman no, Berman abstaining, Kniss, Price
Absent

ACTION ITEMS

3.   Discussion and Possible Adoption of Core Values.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved seconded by Council Member
Burt for Staff to return to Council in early November with a plan for
community outreach to solicit and encourage input from the community on
what they think Palo Alto’s Core Values are with the goal of having a Council
discussion at the 2014 City Council Retreat.


                                                                           Page 2 of 4
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Action: 9/30/13
