                 WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired about the radio communication pole to be
located at Greenmeadow.

Vice Mayor Shepherd clarified that the pole would be located at Town and
Country Shopping Center.

Council Member Holman inquired about the size and configuration of the
pole.

Mr. Hackmann added that an existing communication pole was located at
Greenmeadow and Alma Street. An additional pole would be located near
Palo Alto Medical Foundation.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated Staff provided the Council with a picture.

Council Member Holman suggested Staff describe acronyms in the Staff
Report.

Council Member Klein reported the legal decision regarding violation of
Proposition 1A was a landmark decision. The hearing regarding remedies for
the violation could potentially end the HSR program as it currently existed.
The validation litigation could have greater impacts than originally
contemplated. The State Attorney General took unusual positions in the
lawsuits.

Vice Mayor Shepherd added that the litigation could also impact Caltrain
funding. She asked if further appeals could be made.

Council Member Klein stated the Judge's decision would likely be appealed.
If the Judge ruled that the CHSRA could not utilize State funding, then the
decision could impact Caltrain's electrification program on the Peninsula.

Vice Mayor Shepherd noted that Caltrain utilized funding as quickly as
possible for modernization.

Council Member Klein felt the Attorney General's argument that Caltrain was
spending only Federal funding was unusual.

Council Member Price inquired whether the Committee discussed the
implications of no funding for the electrification project.

Council Member Burt explained that prior to the Legislature approving
funding for HSR, one State Senator believed a significant portion of Federal

                                                                            Page 11 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
