Council Member Burt supported removing Project Number 8 and including
Project Number 9. He asked if Measure A funds were available for the
Intermodal Center.

Mr. Rodriguez reported approximately $250,000 of Measure A program funds
were dedicated to the Transit Mall for a study. The City returned the money
in 2010.

Council Member Burt believed there was a much higher allocation.

Mr. Rodriguez answered no.

AMENDMENT TO AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded
by Vice Mayor Shepherd to add Project Number 9 back into Motion.

Council Member Holman suggested the applications for the Arastradero Road
Corridor and Charleston Road Corridor Improvements state these projects
were roadway improvements as part of a larger plan and not streetscape
improvements. To strengthen the application, it should state 11 schools
plus preschools. She inquired whether improvements at Page Mill Road and
Interstate 280 could be included in the list of projects.

Mr. Rodriguez explained Page Mill Road and Interstate 280 were outside the
City's jurisdiction, and Staff could not recommend a project for that area.

Council Member Holman asked if the City had any influence over
improvements in the Page Mill Road/Interstate 280 area.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff was developing a concept for improvements
with Caltrans, VTA, and the County. Staff could pass along a message if
Council chose.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Park Boulevard project could
be included on the list.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated project proposals had to be at least $350,000, and
the Park Boulevard project was not valuable enough. The City funded and
planned to build almost all of Park Boulevard.

Council Member Holman asked why Project Number 7 covered only two
years rather than a longer period of time.

Mr. Rodriguez explained the intent of the OBAG program was not to be an
ongoing revenue source for transit expansion projects; however, the OBAG


                                 22                    February 11, 2013
