                      WORKING MINUTES
      September 9, 2013. The project Includes a Variance to Encroach Into
      the Required Seven Foot Special Setback Along Hamilton Avenue and
      the Required Six Foot Special Setback Along Ramona Street.
      Environmental Assessment: an Initial Study and Mitigated Negative
      Declaration Have Been Prepared. Zone District: Downtown Community
      Commercial (CD-C)(P)(GF) with Pedestrian Shopping and Ground Floor
      Combining Districts (STAFF RECOMMENDS ITEM TO BE CONTINUED TO
      SEPTEMBER 9, 2013).

15.   Request For Authorization To Increase Compensation of Existing
      Contracts With (1) the Law Firm Of Burke, Williams & Sorensen, LLP
      for a Total Contract Not-to-Exceed Amount of $120,000 for Litigation
      Matters; and (2) Moscone Emblidge Sater & Otis for a Total Contract
      Not-to-Exceed Amount of $160,000 For Transactional Legal Services.

MOTION PASSED to approve Agenda Item Numbers 8-12 and 15:                      8-0,
Berman absent

MOTION PASSED to approve Agenda Item Number 13:              7-1 Holman no,
Berman absent

ACTION ITEMS

16.   Update on Development of Approaches to Positively Impact
      Homelessness and Adoption of an Ordinance amending the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code to add section 9.61.020 to establish Community
      Facilities Hours including Cubberley, Lucie Stern and Mitchell Park
      Community Centers.

Robert De Geus, Assistant Director Community Services, reported the Policy
and Services Committee discussed methods to address homelessness with
an emphasis on the Cubberley Community Center. Staff recommended an
Ordinance to establish facility hours. The Policy and Services Committee
recommended several items to the Council; however, Staff requested
Council action on the Ordinance to establish facility hours. Staff would
return to the Council in 30 to 60 days to address other elements of the
Policy and Services Committee recommendation.

Minka Van Der Zwaag, Human Services Manager, stated 600,000 people
experienced homelessness on any given night in the United States. A point-
in-time count indicated 7,600 people in Santa Clara County and 157 people
in Palo Alto were homeless. Agencies in the County reported 28,000
individuals requested homeless-related services.        Two trends were
responsible for the rise in homelessness in the United States over the past
                                                                         Page 12 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                      Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
