                                MINUTES
Mr. Keene noted Staff could participate in Council meetings through public
comment; however, it was difficult for most Staff to remain in the evenings.

Council Member Holman believed the prior Council discussion included a
request for alternatives for dialog with Staff.

Ms. Shen reported the forums were held in the afternoon at City Hall and at
Cubberley.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council could direct Staff with specific ideas.

Council Member Holman suggested Council Members could attend, but not
participate in, employee meetings if they knew about them.

Ms. Stump explained Staff could review methods for other opportunities.
The Council's key responsibility was the collective bargaining process.

Mr. Keene wanted a specific request from the Council to establish the
parameters for communications and to manage the Brown Act aspect of
communications.

Council Member Holman suggested meetings similar to the recent Newell
Bridge meeting.

Mr. Keene noted the Newell Bridge meeting was a public meeting.

Council Member Holman felt observing this type of exchange would be
helpful.

Mr. Keene indicated meetings pushed the boundary between the Staff and
the Council. Very clear parameters would be needed for meetings which
Council Members attended.

Council Member Burt asked how part 2 of the Motion would be implemented.
The Council needed a different form of communication at different levels. He
suggested topics of problems the City faced, actions taken by the Council
and the State, constraints to completing solutions, and actions to address
those constraints. The public and the press did not understand the impacts
of pension changes and the restraints placed on the Council. The public's
political pressure on Legislators would be important to reform. He strongly
recommended the Council revise its method of communication and different
avenues for communication.


                                                                         Page 19 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
