                        WORKING MINUTES
ground floor hotel rooms. Council Member Schmid had asked the applicant
at the time of presentation for something more. The ARB was not
comfortable asking questions such as changing the ground floor use to
another function. He felt the external design on how the ground floor
structure looked and functioned was within their purview.

Mayor Scharff asked how the City could achieve a mechanism that provided
the ARB with authority to come to Council to seek changes outside of their
purview. He believed the purpose of the Colleagues Memo was to task the
ARB with revising the Grand Boulevard plans, the South El Camino Real
guidelines and zoning as appropriate to make them consistent with that
vision. He was expecting the ARB to return with specific changes.

Council Member Holman asked if there were standards rather than
guidelines that required certain actions would that address the difficulty the
ARB had with respect to certain street/building functionality.

Aaron Aknin, Interim Director of Planning and Community Environment,
stated any time there was a guideline rather than a standard it was
debatable. Standards created uniformity but all standards could have built-in
flexibility; as with the setbacks there could be an adopted average to
provide flexibility in the front of some of the larger buildings. The goal would
be to have the applicant come to the table with something built-in rather
than debate with the ARB.

Council Member Holman understood and agreed El Camino Real was not a
one design fits all. Communities evolve and change over time and the City
may be required to build more housing then they may want. She cautioned if
they did not widen the sidewalks on all segments there may be a future
development precluded because of the lack in width.

Commissioner Lippert explained the ARB had several retreats where the
Commission reviewed the El Camino Real guidelines and the Grand
Boulevard concept. He stated the ARB did not have the ability to implement
any changes in those types of documents.

Mayor Scharff clarified the Colleagues Memo provided the ARB the discretion
to suggest to Council the need for authority for those types of changes.

Commission Lippert said there were other opportunities and tools available
that would allow the ability to change buildings while following specific rules
that would provide a specific profile of buildings the City might be looking for
along El Camino Real.

                                                                             Page 6 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                         Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
