                               MINUTES
Joseph Baldwin felt the Comprehensive Plan had been breached rather than
observed.    He urged the Council to remember the goals of the
Comprehensive Plan in making decisions.

Emily Renzel stated parking problems existed as early as 1973. The Parking
Assessment District was not effective.       The City encouraged bonus
development as transit-oriented development around transit stations without
protecting parking for transit stations.

Ana Carvalho could find parking at her home in Philadelphia, because
residential parking permits were effective. She felt residential permits were
needed in Palo Alto.

Ian Irwin reported cars went the wrong way on a one-way street in order to
reach parking spaces. Many accidents occurred in the area of Homer Street.
He suggested the Council engage neighborhood residents and other
stakeholders in resolving parking issues. Residential parking permits worked
well in other cities.

Christopher Storer indicated the goals of TDRs were to protect older
buildings and to increase seismic safety. TDR programs provided true public
benefits. Constructing a parking structure on Lot P was not a near-term
issue, and the long-term impacts were unknown.

Faith Bell, Bell's Book Store, felt developers should have an obligation to
include adequate parking on the property. The 1:1 Floor Area Ratio (FAR)
should be eliminated. Placing a parking structure on Lot P would grievously
impact the flow of goods and services to businesses. Parking structure R
had no signage at the High Street entrance to indicate public parking.

Richard Brand stated the Staff Report did not contain a density calculation,
which affected the total number of potential cars parking in neighborhoods.
It was critical for parking exemptions to be well constructed. A TDM
enforcement process should be included in the recommendations to the
Council.

Beth Bunnenberg believed TDRs were a powerful incentive for preserving
historic buildings.

Michael Griffin reported parking problems negatively impacted quality of life
and lowered property values in neighborhoods, while increasing the profits
for Downtown developers. He hoped the Council would be empathetic to
residential concerns when considering zoning issues.

                                                                        Page 9 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
