                  WORKING MINUTES
funding was not necessarily linked to the Central Valley project. Those funds
possibly could be redirected toward Caltrain modernization.

Vice Mayor Shepherd added that many factors could change the direction of
HSR at any time.

10.   Rail Committee Recommendation on the Preliminary Cost Estimates for
      Grade Separation and Trenching Studies.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, clarified that the Rail Committee
(Committee) discussed a number of different scenarios. Ultimately the
Committee recommended Staff work with Hatch Mott MacDonald (HMM) to
proceed with one trenching scenario and one grade separation scenario. In
working with HMM, Staff attempted to develop a scenario that provided a
high level of detail for a limited expenditure. The trenching scenario was
proposed because its scope of work provided the most detailed analysis.
Staff hoped a preliminary study would begin a community discussion. The
two scenarios were submerging the roadway and trenching the railway.
With respect to the first scenario, Staff proposed study of the intersections
at Churchill, Meadow, and Charleston based on volume.               The second
scenario represented an approximate 1.7-mile stretch of the Rail Corridor
from Matadero Creek to San Antonio Road. HMM proposed two phases for
the study. The Committee recommended the Council proceed with Phase 1,
which included draft concept design exhibits, draft cost exhibits, and HMM
participation in one community meeting. Phase 1 had a total cost of
$59,790, which would be paid from an open contract for on-call engineering
design services with HMM. If the Council chose to proceed with Phase 2 for
one or both scenarios, then the City would receive final concept design
exhibits, final cost estimates, a final feasibility report, and HMM participation
at two additional community meetings. The cost of Phase 2 would be
$67,760. An alternative track trenching scenario would be approximately
3.8 miles in length and would extend from Hamilton Avenue to San Antonio
Road. HMM indicated a study of the alternative scenario with the same level
of detail as the original scenario would cost between $450,000 and $550,000
because of complexities in north Palo Alto. To trench the railway under San
Francisquito Creek required a longer run of trenching and increased the
City's dependence on cooperation from outside agencies.

James Keene, City Manager, inquired about timeframes for the different
proposals.

Mr. Hackmann reported Phase 1 would require approximately 2.5 months for
completion. The alternative scenario increased not only the cost but also the
timeframe by 1.5 months for each phase.
                                                                               Page 12 of 24
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
