           MINUTES
Mr. De Geus reported the infrastructure of the park would allow lights to be
added later. Additional outreach was needed, because some residents lived
fairly close to the field.

Mayor Scharff inquired about the cost of installing lights.

Mr. De Geus indicated approximately $100,000.

Mayor Scharff felt the issue was not funding, but outreach to neighbors.

Council Member Kniss asked if neighbors complained about the lighted fields
at Palo Alto High School and Gunn High School.

Ms. Hetterly stated the PARC did not receive complaints.

Vice Mayor Shepherd understood PAUSD received complaints.

Mayor Scharff was sympathetic to improving the Golf Course parking lot, pro
shop, and clubhouse. He suggested the PARC provide advice to the Council
regarding Golf Course facilities. He preferred improvements be made sooner
rather than later. With City revenues improving, some projects might be
funded. He recalled that the Council planned for athletic fields at the
Baylands. The PARC should provide the Council with reasons for not
constructing athletic fields at that site. There would be few opportunities to
create athletic fields in the future. He was intrigued with the concept of a
dog park similar to the one in Menlo Park. He inquired whether the PARC
had determined a location.

Ms. Hetterly reported the PARC had not vetted a location. There was a
variety of locations for consideration. Possible locations were Greer Park,
Baylands Athletic Center, and Sterling Park.

Mayor Scharff asked if a dog park was most useful in local parks or one large
area.

Ms. Hetterly indicated the demand was for both local parks and a large area.

Mayor Scharff noted the Council recently became aware of the 7 1/2 acres
next to Foothill Park. That would be an interesting area for the PARC to
consider.

Council Member Holman recalled that the Golf Course architect presented
information to the PARC regarding the original designs for buildings at the
Golf Course.
                                                                            Page 6 of 20
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 12/02/13
