                              MINUTES
Mr. Williams indicated the HSR was available as a public document;
however, it contained some information concerning the valuation of the
structure.

Council Member Holman felt the public was concerned with the integrity and
features of the building.

Mr. Williams suggested Staff could excise financial information from the
HSR.

Council Member Holman inquired about the process for seeking
reimbursement from USPS for enforcement costs of the historic covenant.

Mr. Williams did not believe the City would seek reimbursement for
enforcement costs from USPS. The City would seek reimbursement from the
purchaser. That statement was not correct.

Council Member Holman indicated the City typically did not engage in
purchasing property from the open market.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXXXX to direct Staff to identify local commercial real estate
agents, negotiate terms, and engage an agent to assist with the purchase of
the Post Office.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent

12.   Update of and Direction for Downtown Parking Garage and Attendant
      Parking Study and Implementation of Trial Attendant Parking at Lot R.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, reviewed the Downtown
Parking Garage and Attendant Parking Study which focused on the options of
building additional parking structures within Downtown and on better
management of the current structures. Staff studied five sites: Lot E,
Gilman Street (West); Lot G, Gilman Street (East); Lot O, Emerson/High;
Lot P, High/Hamilton; and Lot UL, Urban Lane. In evaluating the sites, Staff
considered constructability factors, impacts to adjacent properties, access
points, existing utilities, parking gain, overall costs, and possible alternative
uses for the sites. Lot D, with 86 existing spaces, would yield a total of 300
parking spaces with a five-story parking structure. Lot E, with 34 existing
parking spaces, would yield the smallest return of 75 total parking spaces.
Lot G would yield a positive parking supply of 113 spaces for a total of 166
                                                                               Page 9 of 20
                                                               Special City Council Meeting
                                                                          Minutes: 5/20/13
