                                MINUTES
Elaine Keller spoke on Agenda Item Numbers 3 and 4 and petitioned the
Council to reject the proposed AT&T DAS node at 3945 Nelson Drive.
Typically, nodes were placed in front yards; however, this one was located in
the backyard. No one should be subjected to the noise. She was dismayed
that the City thought this was an appropriate site. The system exceeded
residential noise requirements and had no screening.

Skip Shapiro commented on Agenda Item Numbers 3 and 4. He was
concerned that the plan to relocate a pole adjacent to his property to the
street would not be accomplished. He requested the Council review the
interpretation of the Noise Code and provide assurances that the pole would
be moved.

Dori Moss spoke on Agenda Item Number 3 and 4 and accepted the fact that
the location at 747 Loma Verde Avenue could not be moved; however, she
requested the Council review the aesthetics of that location. The plan was to
place the installation 9 feet above the tree line.

Roy Moss spoke on Agenda Item Number 3 and 4 and agreed with Ms. Moss'
comments and added that AT&T needed to plant a screening tree such that
the pole was less visible.

Soroor Ebnesajjad spoke on Agenda Item Number 3 and 4 and stated the
noise level was not clearly presented in information from AT&T. A pole
would be located in her backyard, and she was worried about the noise level.
She questioned whether a quieter fan could be used in the installation, and
whether the installation could be moved from the backyard.

Tony Kramer wanted Agenda Item Numbers 3 and 4 removed from the
Consent Calendar. AT&T had not met all conditions of the notice and had
not provided information regarding the DAS equipment noise levels at
property lines.     The Planning Department's approval was based on
incomplete knowledge of whether or not the DAS equipment would meet the
residential noise requirements.  The installations could be modified to
produce less noise.

Bala Ovadio spoke on Agenda Item Number 3 and 4 and expressed concerns
about the impact of the antenna on the property value of his home and the
lack of foliage to screen the installation. He requested the Council reject the
proposed location of the pole.

Al Ovadio spoke on Agenda Item Number 3 and 4 and stated AT&T had
identified alternate nodes in the area which were accessible and screened.
He proposed an alternate location, and AT&T had not responded.
                                                                          Page 2 of 17
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
