                               MINUTES
the area should connect Stanford University with Downtown. The City
needed to improve the Transit Center to facilitate increased ridership in the
future. Any successful development in the Downtown area contained a
mixture of land uses.        The Staff Report provided three community
engagement options. The first option was the Focused Community Input
Process. Staff would develop several alternatives for components of the
development; request community input on those alternatives at two or three
community meetings; and then return to Commissions and the Council with
alternatives for a Master Plan. The estimated cost was approximately
$150,000 not including internal project management costs. The resulting
document would be a framework for future development review. The second
option was the Visioning Process. The Visioning Process was more detailed
than the Focused Community Input Process and would likely require two
years to complete. The Visioning Process would include a dozen community
meetings, and cost $300,000-$400,000.          The third option was the
Coordinated Area Plan. This option could require 3-5 years to complete;
incorporated a detailed adopted document, similar to a specific plan used by
other cities; and could cost up to $750,000. Staff recommended the Council
direct Staff to initiate the community engagement process known as the
Focused Community Input Process for the site.

Emily Renzel felt the process allowed the Council to focus on Stanford's
needs. The public wondered if the Council had already determined the
outcome. The community input process was another ploy to avoid proper
comprehensive planning.

Robert Kelley, TheatreWorks Artistic Director, hoped the Council would
authorize a phase of public input for the 27 University Avenue project. As
part of the project, a theater would operate during off hours, would
contribute to Downtown, would offer parking beneath the site, and provide a
cultural bridge between Stanford and the City.

Katie    Bartholomew,      TheatreWorks Associate  Director,  indicated
TheatreWorks provided Palo Alto students with many programs year round
and listed programs provided for school children and Lucile Packard
Children's Hospital patients.

Richard Landes felt the proposed focus meetings were too few. The public
needed to view the whole project, not just the components. More emphasis
should be placed on proposals that met the existing height and density
requirements. Parking for any development should be contained onsite. He
suggested five or six meetings on details followed by several meetings on
the overall picture.

                                                                           Page 2 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
