                                MINUTES
Mr. Nickel answered no. The decision was driven by economics and the size
of the community.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City had a similar problem in the
1980s.

Dennis Burns, Police Chief, agreed there was a similar problem in either the
1980s or early 1990s.

Council Member Klein asked how it came to the Council's attention.

Mr. Burns did not know.

Council Member Klein inquired whether he recalled the solution at that time.

Mr. Burns did not recall that information.

Council Member Klein asked if a higher disability rate had crept into the
culture of Safety Employees.

Mr. Burns did not believe so. Most people involved in Public Safety did not
look forward to leaving the field. The Public Safety Department attempted
to keep employees fit, safe and well physically, mentally and spiritually. He
tried to address problems early in order to manage smaller issues.

James Keene, City Manager, asked both Chiefs to track the annual
experience and provide a yearly report. The reports would be compared
with other jurisdictions in order to determine trends.

Council Member Holman questioned the difference between the City's
percentage and the Grand Jury's percentage.

Ms. Shen did not know how the Grand Jury calculated its percentage.
According to the City's data, the City had a 34 percent IDR rate, much lower
than the 51 percent found by the Grand Jury.

Mr. Keene explained that the Grand Jury requested the information and City
Staff provided it. Either the Grand Jury made an arithmetic error or injected
some other factor or numbers into the analysis. Because the Grand Jury
disbanded, Staff could not question it.

Council Member Holman was pleased with the average rate of 34 percent.
She inquired about causes for the Fire Department's rate being lower than
average and the Police Department's rate being higher than average.
                                                                       Page 22 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
