                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt noted the Council did not have Staff responses to
Council Member questions prior to voting and did not hear the rationale of
Council Members opposing Agenda Item Number 8 prior to voting. It was
appropriate and in the best interests of the Council to hold additional
discussion regarding the item.

Council Member Schmid concurred with Council Member Burt. The item was
an important policy issue and worthy of discussion.

Council Member Kniss suggested discussion of Agenda Item Number 8
should be held at a later time as Staff was not present to participate in the
discussion.

MOTION TO RECONSIDER THE CONSENT CALENDAR VOTE PASSED:
7-1 Kniss no, Scharff Absent

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Members
Holman and Schmid to pull Agenda Item Number 8 from the Consent
Calendar.

Ms. Stump indicated the Vice Mayor had discretion to hold discussion on
Agenda Item Number 8 during the current meeting or at a later meeting.

Vice Mayor Shepherd announced that Agenda Item Number 8 would be
scheduled for the following Council Meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-7 and 9-11.

MOTION PASSED to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-7 and 9-11: 8-
0 Scharff absent

ACTION ITEMS

12.   Public Hearing: Adoption of (1) a Resolution 9374 entitled “Resolution
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Certifying a Final Supplemental
      Environmental Impact Report”; (2) an Ordinance Amending Section
      18.08.040 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Approve an Amendment
      to Planned Community (PC-5150) Mixed use Project to Allow
      Reconstruction of One of Two Historic Eichler Retail Buildings (Building
      1); and 3) Approval of a Final Map to Subdivide Two Commercial
      Parcels Into Eleven Parcels to Include a Commercial Parcel with a
      Public Park and Ten Single Family Properties, for a 3.58 Acre Site

                                                                         Page 11 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/7/13
