                               MINUTES
     (Attachment C). Furthermore, to reduce the number of homes on
     Maybell from 9 to 6 and homes on both Maybell and Clemo would
     change from 3 stories to 2 stories.

4)   Improve the street facing elevations of all single family units by
     varying setbacks of units along Maybell and Clemo; to strengthen and
     refine the design features, roof lines and landscaping of all housing
     units on the entire site; to provide shuttle services for senior housing
     residents;

5)   To require the applicant to have an accelerated payment schedule of
     $200,000 for Maybell Avenue improvements to ensure expediting of
     these improvements prior to the issuance of grading permits and
     building permits.

6)   In the hazardous materials section of the Mitigated Negative
     Declaration change “no impact” to “less than significant impact” in
     H(a) (b) (c) and add a mitigation measure of “sweep surrounding
     streets daily while contaminated soil is hauled offsite.”

Mayor Scharff believed the existing zoning would create more traffic for the
neighborhood. The neighborhood was concerned about traffic and the
character of an R-1 neighborhood on both Clemo and Maybell Avenues.
Existing zoning for Clemo Avenue was RM-15, a higher density zoning. Eight
to ten units for the location was appropriate. Fewer homes could be built on
the site under Planned Community (PC) zoning. He proposed amendments
to the Motion to provide a single-family character for homes on both Maybell
and Clemo Avenues.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to increase the front yard setbacks to a
minimum of 20 feet on Maybell Avenue and require an average 10 ft
separation between homes. On Maybell Avenue change the number of
homes to 7 instead of to 6 and from 6 to 5 on Clemo Avenue.

Council Member Kniss hoped the compromise would allow the development
to proceed. She inquired whether the proposed lot width and building
heights for homes located on Maybell Avenue would be similar to the homes
located across Maybell Avenue.

Aaron Aknin, Acting Director of Planning and Community Environment,
answered yes. The predominant neighborhood pattern was lot widths of
approximately 50 feet.

                                                                          Page 10 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes June 17, 2013
