                               MINUTES
AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) have Staff initiate a Request for Proposal for non-profits to
offer a program similar to an alternative model, such as Santa Barbara,
California; 2) have Staff attempt to engage one or more neighboring cities or
Santa Clara County to participate in the initiative; and 3) have the Human
Relations Commission play a lead role in Palo Alto’s efforts as a citizen
advisory body.

Council Member Kniss preferred to discuss his suggestions at the Policy and
Services Committee.

Council Member Burt explained the Amendment did not obligate the Council
to take action on any proposals. It was a commitment for the Council to do
more than adopt an enforcement Ordinance.

Council Member Holman felt the Amendment expressed the City's continued
efforts regarding the homeless issue.     The Motion referred to an
implementation plan lasting six months. The Ordinance did not reference
Attachment B, and Attachment B did not reference a six-month
implementation plan. The Ordinance stated it would be effective 31 days
after its adoption.

Ms. Stump reported the Ordinance would become effective on the 31st day
after adoption as set forth in State law. The Ordinance was not self-
enforcing; therefore, the implementation plan would be utilized. The Police
Department had the discretion to determine how to apply and enforce the
Ordinance.

Council Member Holman reiterated that there was no reference to
Attachment B, and Attachment B did not reference a six months
implementation plan.

Mr. Keene stated Attachment B was a reference document outlining Staff's
intentions for implementation. By approving the Motion, the Council would
direct Staff to utilize the six-month implementation plan.

Council Member Holman indicated the Motion referred specifically to
Attachment B.

Mr. Keene noted the directive to Staff would be a six-month implementation
period.

Council Member Holman inquired whether inclusion of eating and resting in
the definition of vehicle habitation was practical.
                                                                          Page 16 of 18
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
