                               MINUTES
Council Member Price felt an expansion of the Ronald McDonald House was
critical to providing quality services. The program was an excellent example
of a working partnership.

Council Member Burt indicated the design was excellent and compatible with
the environment. The Ronald McDonald House's mission was admirable.

Council Member Klein explained why he could participate in this Agenda Item
when Stanford University was the property owner. The Ronald McDonald
House benefited many people.

Council Member Berman agreed with previous comments.               The Ronald
McDonald House positively impacted the families it served.

Council Member Kniss noted the Board of Directors worked diligently to
ensure the Ronald McDonald House was successful.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

The City Council considered Agenda Item Numbers 18 and 19 together.

18.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation Related to the Annual
      Reorganization Meeting Including a Possible Charter Amendment.

19.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Kniss, Price and Vice Mayor
      Shepherd Regarding Potential Charter Change Initiatives for Council
      Terms, Number of Seats and Other Related Matters for November
      2013 Ballot.

Council Member Kniss reported the Council did not have term limits until
1992, when the community voted for two-term limits. From 1992 to 2002,
the average term was approximately 6.2 years. In the 1980s, the average
term was approximately 7.54 years. During the 2000s, 4 Council Members
served two terms each (eight years), 12 Council Members served one term
each (four years), 1 Council Member served a five-year term, and 1 Council
Member served a one-year term. She suggested the Council alter the two-
term limit to a three-term limit.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to direct the City Attorney to draft language for a Charter Amendment to
extend permissible terms to three from the current two.

Council Member Kniss stated most Council Members did not serve eight
years. Three terms were necessary for Council Members to rise to positions
                                                                          Page 30 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
