                            MINUTES
Mr. Williams replied yes.

Ms. Stump suggested the Council provide direction to Staff and the applicant
regarding next steps. Staff had not fully worked out the legal vehicles that
would be utilized.

Council Member Burt heard the Mayor speak against perpetuity in the
Motion, and inquired whether the Substitute Motion proposed an easement
in perpetuity.

Council Member Holman hoped Staff would return with an analysis of
Attachment A and offer other analyses.

Council Member Burt recalled Staff stated that absent specific language the
easement would be in perpetuity.

Mr. Keene did not believe the issue of perpetuity would arise under the
Substitute Motion unless a perpetual easement would somehow affect the
appraiser's value analysis.

Council Member Burt wanted the term of the easement for the two floors of
privately occupied space to remain open or have the Finance Committee
consider the term.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the professional appraiser would
analyze and report a value of the easement to the Finance Committee.

Council Member Burt would include that language.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER that the professional
appraiser will analyze and report to Finance Committee the consideration of
the term of the easement for the two floors of privately occupied space.

Council Member Holman was unclear whether the applicant received value
for 63 or 93 spaces, and requested that the analysis include both 63 and 93
parking spaces.

Council Member Burt suggested broader language to review the various
financial aspects.

Mr. Keene stated the general directive was undermined through specific
requirements.

Council Member Holman inquired about the basis for Staff's financial
analysis.
                                                                        Page 15 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
