                          DRAFT MINUTES
15 years. He asked why the City did not hire younger workers. The City's
financial outlook would be much better, and these issues would be much less
prominent.

Ms. Shen reported that was a matter of demographics. Staff predicted in
ten years, the City's workforce would turn over 50 percent; therefore, the
City would have younger workers.

Council Member Schmid noted the workforce had retired for the previous ten
years, and those employees were replaced with workers between ages 35
and 45. The City accepted a financial liability for the future by hiring those
age groups without considering the cost.

Mr. Keene agreed with Council Member Schmid's concern, and suggested
reviewing more recent data to determine the age issue.         Staff also
attempted to achieve other goals when hiring employees. He believed
approximately 17 percent of the workforce were in the second tier pension
plan since 2010, which was a significant turnover number.

Mr. Perez reported CalPERS provided the average entry age for the City's
program. For Miscellaneous Employees, the average entry age was 34.9; for
Safety Employees, it was 28.7 years.

Ms. Salazar explained many employees in their last years of service were
looking for the most attractive employer to retire from. Many employers
were trying to minimize that financial impact, because it was a lifetime
commitment to this employee and his spouse.           Many agencies were
reviewing scenarios and programs to enable the employee to prefund their
own retiree healthcare coverage through a retiree healthcare trust.
Employees could use the assets in the trust to move from one employer to
the next rather than pursuing the most attractive employer.

Council Member Schmid indicated that program did not fit in the CalPERS
insurance program.

Ms. Salazar reported it was part of CalPERS.

Council Member Schmid was disappointed more employee representatives
and employees were not present to share their concerns. He expressed
concern that potential employees would not want to be a City employee after
reviewing the City's financial information. A defined contribution plan was
not part of the legal documents provided by CalPERS. He asked if Ms.
Salazar was suggesting reforming CalPERS health insurance program.

                                                                         Page 13 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
