                               MINUTES
Mr. Svensson explained that the City's traffic impact fees were segmented.
The item was most likely mislabeled in the report. It represented the
development impact fee, but the project was not located in the Stanford
Research Park.

Mayor Scharff felt more work was needed regarding the sensitivity analysis
and that the land cost should not be included.

Mr. Paul explained that land cost was included to apportion the land used by
the project. Otherwise, the analysis of returns burdened one building with
the full land cost and the lender would not accept it. Without the Public
Safety Building, the applicant was offering about 20 percent of the cost that
it would have to expend to build the project. He was surprised by the
skepticism with regard to the economic benefit.

Mayor Scharff suggested the Council vet all assumptions carefully. He
encouraged the consultant to remain independent, but to check assumptions
with the Developer. He inquired whether the Developer was willing to share
data on the project, to the extent possible.

Mr. Paul would share basic assumptions. To some degree, he could share
cost numbers and rationale. He could share substantially more from an
economic point of view.

Mayor Scharff asked if the Developer had a simple method for determining
the value of the benefit.

Mr. Paul noted the company tended to build and hold properties. With the
correct assumptions, the current and future values should flow together.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether utilizing the stabilized value less costs to
determine the profit, and then determining the sale price was a fair method.

Mr. Paul indicated he routinely performed that calculation in-house, but it
depended on cap rates, interest rates and rents at that moment in time.
Every method had problems. He did not know how to calculate a value
utilizing Council Member Klein's suggested method.

Mayor Scharff believed the traffic analysis would drive the size and scope of
the project and determine whether there would be a project.




                                                                       Page 20 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 9/16/13
