                          DRAFT MINUTES
Council. The extension of his Mayoral term for three or four weeks in 1985
was not extenuating circumstances; it was a nice honor by his colleagues.

Council Member Kniss reiterated that the Mayor's term could be extended.

Council Member Klein clarified that only a Mayor serving a new term or
continuing on the Council could have his term extended. Former Mayor
Yeh's term could not have been extended.

Council Member Kniss concurred. That situation was not an issue, because
Vice Mayor Scharff was on the Council. She inquired whether an emergency
Council could be utilized at any time.

Ms. Stump replied yes. Those individuals were available as provided by
Ordinance in an emergency where the regular Council was not available.

Council Member Kniss felt Staff could handle an emergency. A meeting on
January 2 could interfere with holiday vacations. She did not understand
why the Council was trying to fix this; it was not broken. The public enjoyed
attending the ceremony. She would support sending the Item to the Policy
and Services Committee if there was strong sentiment for that.

Vice Mayor Shepherd was aware that Mayor Yeh could not perform any
Council work after midnight on December 31. She asked if the candidate's
oath was the same as the Council Member's oath.

Donna Grider, City Clerk responded yes.     The oath was administered to a
candidate and then to a Council Member.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the oath was merely ceremonial.

Ms. Stump explained the California Constitution provided that, before
exercising official duties, local officials must take the oath of that office.
Taking the oath as a candidate was not the same. Council Members needed
to take the oath before exercising the duties of the office they were
assuming under the City Charter on January 1.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the oath had to be administered to all
Council Members at the same time.

Ms. Stump indicated swearing in could be performed in private.



                                                                          Page 23 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
