                    MINUTES
Council Member Burt wished to ensure that would be part of any sales tax
consideration. He asked if Staff knew the amount of funds that would be
collected if large utility users paid the same UUT rates as other users.

Joe Saccio, Assistant Director of Administrative Services, indicated the
amount would probably be close to $500,000.

Mr. Keene added that total UUT collections were approximately $10 million
annually; therefore, $500,000 would be the likely change.

Council Member Burt noted the thresholds for those percentages were fixed
on dollar amounts and did not contain an inflation escalator. Smaller
companies were benefiting from the discount now more than when it was
adopted. Because changing the UUT would require a vote, he was hesitant
to add it to the discussion. He requested the Infrastructure Committee and
Staff review that concept. At the prior Council meeting, he raised the issue
of a future business license tax to fund a TDM Program. If pairing of tax
measures was not feasible on a 2014 ballot, then prospective funding for a
TDM would be postponed until 2016. He requested the Committee and Staff
consider that issue as well.

Council Member Berman inquired about outreach to the business community
regarding any of the proposed measures.

Ms. Tucker reported no outreach to the business community had been
conducted. Staff anticipated beginning outreach in the early part of 2014.

Council Member Berman preferred to engage the business community prior
to narrowing funding measures.

Mr. Keene believed hoteliers were aware of the TOT conversation. The issue
of a possible sales tax increase was just now emerging.

Council Member Schmid requested clarification of why support decreased
after respondents heard the positive message and further decreased after
they heard the negative message. He assumed they would offset.

Mr. Metz explained that respondents were given the positive message along
with the four alternative ballot measures between the first and second
numbers.    By the time interviewers reached the positive message,
respondents were aware of alternative possibilities.

Council Member Schmid asked about the negative message.

                                                                        Page 23 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
