                             MINUTES
Ms. Gonzales explained higher densities were needed for affordable housing.
Almost all senior and affordable housing in Palo Alto required PC zoning.
She urged the Council not to delay a decision on the Project. PAHC
participated in at least six public hearings, a Council study session, a
preliminary ARB hearing, two P&TC meetings, at least three voluntarily
community meetings and several one-on-one meetings with respect to the
Project. PAHC planned to apply for tax credits in July 2013. The next
opportunity to apply for tax credits would occur in March 2014.

Council Member Burt inquired whether PAHC was willing to consider reducing
the number of homes and stories fronting Maybell Avenue.

Ms. Gonzales was open to discussing those topics.

The Public Hearing closed at 11:16 P.M.

Mr. Keene reported the Agenda for the June 17 Council meeting was
crowded.

Mayor Scharff suggested the item could be continued to a date uncertain.

Mr. Keene felt it would be better to continue the item to a specific date for
public information. Staff could continue some items from the June 17, 2013
meeting Agenda.

Council Member Burt inquired whether it was realistic to continue the
Agenda Item to June 17.

Mr. Keene recalled the Project was subject to time constraints.

Council Member Holman inquired whether PAHC could timely apply for tax
credits if the Council continued the discussion to June 17 and potentially
changed the Project.

Ms. Gonzales reported PAHC could apply with some conditions of approval,
but the PC Zoning Ordinance was needed and a second reading of the
Ordinance could move the matter into July.

Ms. Stump noted two business days, June 24 and 25, 2013, were available
for a second reading of the Ordinance.

Mr. Keene indicated only five Council Members were needed for a second
reading of an Ordinance.

Mayor Scharff suggested the Council could postpone its Retreat and schedule
this Agenda Item for that night.
                                                                            Page 30 of 33
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 6/10/13
