                                MINUTES
Staff's language considered that possibility by stating not less than the level
currently required by law. He was troubled by the changes and the process.
He was tempted to send the Item back to the CCRC.

Mayor Scharff asked if Council Member Klein meant returning Guiding
Principle Number 16 only to the CCRC.

Council Member Klein wanted to send all Guiding Principles to the CCRC.

MOTION WITHDRAWN

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to return Agenda Item Number 8, “Review and Approval of the Palo Alto City
Council Rail Committee Guiding Principles,” to the City Council Rail
Committee.

Council Member Holman supported the Motion. She noted some language
was removed from Item Number 15 regarding funding. She requested the
RC clarify the intent of Item Number 17 regarding two separate reports, i.e.,
two Environmental Impact Reports (EIR) as opposed to an amended EIR.

Council Member Klein felt the CCRC would not change the language in Item
Number 17. The RC accepted the position supported by most environmental
organizations. Caltrain's current EIR would provide advance approval for the
High Speed Rail Authority (HSRA) without the need for an EIR for HSRA.

Council Member Holman suggested the RC discuss the issue with the City
Attorney.

Council Member Klein recalled the protocol for placing items unanimously
supported by a Committee on the Consent Calendar, and the three purposes
of the pre-Council meeting. The purpose of the pre-Council meeting was not
to work on policy issues.

Mayor Scharff clarified the pre-Council meeting did not include policy issues.
The issue of Item Number 16 was raised during Staff preparation, and Staff
decided to draft the language.

Council Member Klein was uncomfortable with the process.

Council Member Kniss noted Item Number 18 regarding revisions to the Joint
Powers Board. She felt Item Number 18 needed careful thought, because
representation on the Joint Powers Board was structured in a complex
manner.
                                                                          Page 9 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
