                               MINUTES
COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Vice Mayor Shepherd reported that she attended the Terman Middle School
Walk and Roll to School Event and that she was aware that several other
Council Members attended as well.

Council Member Price announced that the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority Board unanimously voted on October 3, 2013 to hire Nuria I.
Fernandez as the new General Manager. Ms. Fernandez will be the first
female and minority to serve in that position.

Council Member Holman announced that she attended the Committee for
Green Foothills 51st anniversary event.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official said that Santa Clara County
was undergoing an expressway study. The study was designed to make
sure the expressway needs of the community would be assessed prior to the
Valley Transportation Authority Plan Update. He served on the Technical
Advisory Board representing Palo Alto and Mayor Scharff represented Palo
Alto on the Advisory Board.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Grady Maggard could save money on his monthly water bill; however, Staff
required a $220 fee to replace a good meter. Meter replacements were
covered by the monthly water charge. Staff used faulty logic to justify the
meter fee.

Doris Dahlgren reported that the United Nations observed World Mental
Health Day on October 10, 2013. She donated her paintings to events that
benefited mental health research and programs.

Joseph Hirsch felt Mayor Scharff's editorial regarding Measure D contained
incorrect information, because lots were not large enough to support a single
dwelling under existing zoning. The development would be incredibly dense
and out of character with the surrounding neighborhood. The Maybell
Avenue Project allowed high density rezoning in residential neighborhoods.

Robert Moss believed Council Members were reluctant to question
discrepancies in consultant reports and Staff Reports over the past few
months. One example was the 2008 transportation model utilized in the
Maybell Avenue Project. The Council should question insufficient background
information in Staff Reports.

                                                                         Page 6 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/7/13
