                          DRAFT MINUTES
Ms. Salazar responded no, because CalPERS recognized a defined
contribution model. CalPERS did not deem that practice to be questionable
or illegal, and many agencies in California had adopted the model
throughout the years.    CalPERS encouraged the creation of a defined
contribution model.

Council Member Schmid felt it would be interesting to see suggested models,
and requested the status of the 90/10 or 80/20 split.

Ms. Stump indicated Staff anticipated the conversation would be conceptual.
A potential direction was captured by Ms. Salazar's comments regarding the
difference between a defined benefit and a defined contribution structure for
funding healthcare. Ms. Salazar described a number of examples of different
benefit structures, and all were CalPERS agencies. Those structures could
work within the CalPERS health system. From CalPERS' perspective, it
provided quite a bit more flexibility than the pension system.

Council Member Schmid noted the Council's document did not outline some
alternatives, and suggested Staff list the options available within the
CalPERS insurance.

Mr. Keene felt Staff could return with that information. The City and its
employees were searching for the same thing. Employees wanted to know
what costs would be for a given benefit, particularly once they retired. The
City knew it had potential rising costs, and wanted some structure and
predictability for those costs. The simplest way to do that was to consider
moving to a defined contribution amount. Each year, the Council could set
that amount based upon how much money was available in the Budget.
There could be a 90/10 subsidy through a defined contribution approach. In
a different year, the subsidy could be an 80/20 contribution. Staff had not
settled on their recommendation, because other factors needed to be part of
the larger financial planning and Budget decisions. Staff could provide
supplemental information regarding options.

Council Member Schmid believed both the City and Staff were interested in a
healthy, functioning City Budget. The City's future and the retirees' future
depended on healthy finances.

Mr. Keene reported the new Governmental Accounting Standards Board
(GASB) rules effective in 2014 would require posting of these liabilities on
the City's balance sheet. Those rules did not require the City fund those
liabilities. Over the next ten years, GASB would have more regulations
concerning cities' responses to plans. Concern about the sustainability of
the benefits the City could provide employees long term was an issue.
                                                                        Page 14 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
