                               MINUTES
The purpose of the Colleagues Memo was directed toward creating better
corporate citizenship and a smoother process for those entering the City
from neighboring communities. Staff was instrumental in writing the
Colleagues Memo and she felt some of the information needing to be
included the future Staff Report; 1) The Infrastructure Committee was
looking into a mechanism for parking garages called the Mello-Roos District,
2) The City Manager had introduced the concept of a residential parking
permit system, and 3) Council would be reviewing the proposal to suspend
parking exemptions for new developments. The recommendation of the
Colleagues Memo was for Staff to develop a comprehensive TDM Plan for the
California Avenue, Downtown Districts, and Stanford Research Park for the
goal of reducing solo car trips by a minimum of 30 percent. During a Bay
Area Council Regional meeting she met someone who had been involved in
similar processes over the past 30-years for the Contra Costa Transit Center
(Center). She visited the Center with Council Member’s Kniss and Price and
Acting Director Aaron Aknin. They were pleasantly surprised to see what had
been crafted was a system that was not waiting for the Bay Area Rapid
Transit (BART) System but rather working with other transit systems and
businesses to create a program that was able to subsidize upward of 50
percent of their own ridership.

Council Member Price stated TDM was not a new concept; it began in the
1980’s both, in the public and private sectors. Within the region there were a
number of sophisticated corporate campus TDM systems; although, Stanford
was the poster child for such programs. The concept of the program included
climate change and greenhouse gas reductions.

Council Member Kniss noted the Contra Costa and Stanford areas were
contained; however, she believed Palo Alto could do very well with the
program. She expressed a program of this extent had not been undertaken
by Palo Alto and it was ambitious. She strongly suggested the
recommendation incorporate a consultant.

Arthur Keller, Planning & Transportation Commissioner, felt the Planning &
Transportation Commission (PTC) should be involved in the effort. The PTC
was currently finalizing the Transportation Element which was scheduled to
be reviewed by Council soon. He noted Google had inquired whether there
was a TDM for the East Meadow Circle area so he suggested considering
widening the areas of TDM consideration. He spoke with a number of startup
companies in the downtown area and they agreed to participate in a shuttle
program for their employees.



                                                                        Page 25 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 9/16/13
