                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman requested Staff provide possible funding sources for
Council trips.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Kniss, Shepherd no

6.    From Policy & Services Committee:           Boards and Commissions
      Recruitment Program.

Council Member Kniss, Chair of the Policy and Services Committee, felt the
proposed Recruitment Program would be innovative and provide cost
savings. It would better utilize City resources and alter the methods for
advertising open positions. A volunteer fair would allow the community to
learn about service to the City.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, was excited by the proposed Recruitment Program.
Staff researched practices in other cities in the Bay Area, and other cities
were interested in the proposed program. She wanted to recognize Board
and Commission Members for their service in the fall of 2013.

Ronna Jojola Gonsalves, Deputy City Clerk, related Staff's interaction with
the Policy and Services Committee. Staff's first recommendation was to
place recruitment on a biannual schedule. Currently recruitment occurred
approximately 11 times per year due to expired terms and resignations.
Staff recommended the Council review mid-term resignations and determine
whether to hold a special recruitment. The City was required to advertise in
the Palo Alto Weekly. Less than 10 percent of applicants indicated they
learned of the recruitment through the Palo Alto Weekly; therefore, Staff
requested the ability to advertise through other media and to focus on the
targeted audience.     Staff proposed accepting applications continuously.
When current liaisons, Commissioners and Council Members participated in
recruitment, the City received dramatically more applications. A volunteer
fair would allow existing volunteers and Staff to meet with potential
applicants. Staff wanted to host an annual recognition event, beginning in
2013. In addition, applications were being revised. The Policy and Services
Committee recommended a second phase to train and mentor new
Commissioners and Board Members.

Palo Alto Free Press indicated Council Member Klein was involved in
petitioning the Court to grant the designation of newspaper of general
circulation to the Palo Alto Weekly. This was a conflict of interest. He would
file an ethics complaint against Council Member Klein.

Council Member Klein stated Mr. Peterson-Perez was referring to events of
30 years ago. Prior to Council Member Klein joining the Council, his law firm
                                                                         Page 19 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/12/13
