                                MINUTES

Vice Mayor Shepherd was interested in the results of the attendant parking
program. The Council was not taking action to implement the private-public
partnership for the garage. She wanted the Council to have concepts for
that site.

Council Member Kniss stated item (c) was an evaluation of restrictions.
Building a parking garage was both difficult and expensive.

Council Member Price felt Staff analysis was needed for intelligent Council
discussion.     She requested Staff briefly explain how technology and
availability of parking spaces fit into the studies and analyses.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff would return to the Council in early May 2013
with the garage study, which would include an analysis of the feasibility of
all sites, concepts of parking structure sizes, estimates of costs, building
constraints, and options to make existing sites more efficient.

Mayor Scharff felt Staff evaluation of item (c) was important. The parking
issue required a multi-pronged approach.

Council Member Burt requested the Mayor split the Motion into items (a) and
(b), and item (c).

Mayor Scharff declined to split the Motion.

Council Member Berman supported items (a) and (b); however, he wanted
more information and details regarding item (c) in order to make a proper
analysis.

Council Member Schmid opposed the Substitute Motion. The City would
receive 31 parking places from the partnership, for a benefit totaling
approximately $860,000. Mr. Keenan paid $7 million, but $6.7 million of
that amount was the in-lieu parking fee he would have to pay. His net cost
was approximately $300,000. Granting rights in perpetuity relinquished
options for the public.

Mr. Williams clarified that Mr. Keenan could pay $2.4 million in in-lieu fees
and move ahead with his project. Additional parking was covered by TDRs
and construction of 23 parking spaces.

Mr. Keene indicated the City would have to find funding for its portion of
construction costs for a parking garage. There were other potential sites for
garages or other uses for Council consideration. Parking structures were
                                                                       Page 16 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
