          MINUTES

Ken Hayes stated PC Zoning allowed other opportunities not necessarily
envisioned by the creators of the Zoning Ordinance. A PC Zone provided
flexibility; however, that flexibility should be in accord with the objectives
and spirit of the Comprehensive Plan. The PC process should engage the
community. The Council should consider different PC Zone categories.

Randy Popp felt existing guidelines and regulations were thoughtful and
forward-thinking, imperfect but well drafted. Halting projects in midstream
created an environment and an expectation of unmanageable risk. Growth
of the City needed to occur in a fair and predictable manner within the
established framework.

Michael Alcheck remarked that a diversity of opinion was crucial to the
discussion. He supported sustainable communities with smart growth and
density done well.

Susan Fineberg believed the Council and Staff did not listen to residents.
The Council structured a planning process with predetermined outcomes that
found no significant impacts. She requested the Council implement a series
of reforms beginning with a moratorium on all major projects in all zoning
designations; allow public participation in updating the Comprehensive Plan;
revise the project review and approval process; restructure PC Zoning
regulations with an emphasis on public benefit; and restore consistency and
predictability for development applications that conformed with current
zoning.

Chris Donlay suggested the process was not broken but only running amok.
The many planning hearings should allow disclosure of pertinent information.
The review bodies did not apply critical thinking to individual projects.

Paul Machado did not understand why the City had a Comprehensive Plan
when many exceptions were granted.

Herb Borock reported the 1989 Land Use and Transportation Study provided
total development potential for nine areas of the City. The Council should
direct Staff to provide development totals for the City and for each of the
nine areas. PC Zoning was not needed to protect 100 percent affordable
housing projects, because the State Housing Density Bonus Law provided
protections. It was inappropriate for the Council to consider the Arrillaga
and Jay Paul Projects at the current time.



                                                                         Page 12 of 20
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/02/13
