                       WORKING MINUTES

Council Member Burt asked what the expected timeframe was for Staff to
bring the item to Council.

James Keene, City Manager, said it would be within the next couple of
months.

Council Member Burt said that if it was part of comprehensive program that
would take longer because of other components, he would like to have this
piece move forward more quickly to avoid a compounded problem.

Mayor Scharff said it was coming back within 45 days.

Molly Stump, City Attorney said it was not being delayed due to being part of
a comprehensive program.

Council Member Burt said that 45 days was reasonable. His concern was
founded by the ARB finding that the guidelines were irrelevant to Agenda
Item Number Seven. He reformed his request to indicate that Council
should agendize a review of the downtown urban guidelines and give
direction to ARB on their future use.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to agendize for a future City Council meeting the consideration of Transfer
Development Rights in downtown and to review with Architectural Review
Board (ARB) the role of the downtown urban guidelines and provide direction
to the ARB on their future.

Council Member Holman asked that Staff bring to Council a review of the
findings that are required of the Architectural Review Board and a standard
for compatibility.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER for Staff to bring to Council a review of the
findings that are required of the Architectural Review Board and a standard
for compatibility.

Council Member Schmid asked if the report Staff was working on would
include the comprehensive downtown parking study.

Ms. Stump said no. This report would come in advance of that and would,
on an interim basis, suspend the use of certain parking exceptions pending a
larger conversation by Council.

                                                                        Page 16 of 17
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Working Minutes: 9/9/13
