                                MINUTES
Council Member Burt said if the item was being directed to the Policy &
Services Committee he felt there should be at least a brief time allotted
during the Retreat for the entire Council to supply input. He recommended
the terms be changed to roles, responsibilities, duties, and authorities should
be reviewed as they were considered in the Friend’s organizations,
community organizations, and the Boards and Commissions. He offered an
Amendment to the Motion ro add “and community groups that Council
Members are designated liaisons to” after the “Boards and Commissions.” He
wished to determine whether there was a necessity and whether it was
appropriate for Council Members as liaisons to attend all of the additional
meetings considering the utilization of the Council Members’ time and the
independence of the Board or Commission. It should be structured in a
manner where the Council Member in the liaison position was available for
the purposes of providing guidance of Council processes or actions. There
needed to be boundaries established because the current verbiage states the
role of liaison was limited to the process and action taken by Council.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER after “Boards and Commissions” add “and
community groups that Council Members are designated liaisons to.”

Council Member Klein stated section 3.1 of the protocols and procedures
indicated at the beginning of each legislative year there would be a review;
he was unfamiliar with the phrase each legislative year. He asked for a
definition or meaning.

Ms. Stump stated the Council had the ability to interpret and apply a
meaning because they were the Council procedural rules. Her understanding
from the City Clerk was traditionally the beginning of the calendar year in
some form or another.

Council Member Klein supported the Motion but noted if the item was
returning to the full Council, he suggested an Amendment to include the
Policy & Services Committee act on the matter in a timely fashion to return a
recommendation to the full Council in March of 2013.

Vice Mayor Shepherd supported the Amendment and noted the Motion was
not intended to open each line but believed the guidance in the specific area
of the policies and procedures was short and non-descriptive. She wished to
see the determination on whether the Friend’s groups needed Council
liaisons.



                                                                         Page 11 of 17
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
