                               MINUTES
generation from senior housing was 420 trips per day. The affordable
housing project with Planned Community (PC) Zoning would create as much,
if not more, traffic impact as existing zoning. Opponents of Measure D felt
the Council made an honest mistake in allowing the PC Zone.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to: 1) send the Minutes of August 19, 2013 back to Staff and request
they work with the Planning Staff to create a more in-depth analysis of the
Architectural Review Board Study Session and bring back to Council at a
later date; and 2) approve the Minutes of September 20, 2013.

Council Member Holman indicated a more accurate analysis of the meeting
of August 19, 2013 would be appropriate. As proposed, the Minutes did not
capture the Council's directions to the Architectural Review Board (ARB).

Mayor Scharff agreed that the proposed Minutes did not reflect the full
discussion.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0-1 Berman abstaining, Kniss, Price Absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Herb Borock noted for Agenda Item Number 2 differences in the current
proposed Ordinance and a prior Ordinance with respect to entering and
exiting City facilities and the imposition of criminal penalties. The proposed
Ordinance should state that remaining in a City facility was prohibited. The
language defining dedicated parkland should be revised.

Stephanie Munoz felt for Agenda Item Number 2 the proposed Ordinance
penalized poor people. The proposed Ordinance did not address neighbors'
concerns.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Shepherd
to approve Agenda Item Number 2.

2.    Recommendation that Council Adopt the Attached Corrected Version of
      the Community Facilities Closure Ordinance (Ordinance No. 5209),
      adding Section 9.06.020 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code – Overnight
      Use of Community Facilities Prohibited.

MOTION PASSED: 5-1-1 Holman no, Berman abstaining, Kniss, Price
Absent
                                                                           Page 3 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 9/30/13
