                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired how the cost estimate had increased to the
amount stated in the Staff Report, and whether the RBF design cost of
$350,000 was included in the Staff Report.

Mr. Williams reported the $1.4 million was intended to be the construction
cost, which did not include the design cost. Under the resource impact
section of the Staff Report, the Council approved the design phase and local
match in the amount of $550,000 plus the grant of $1.175 million, for a total
of $1.725 million.

Council Member Burt noted on page 2 the $700,000 was in addition to $1.4
million.

Mr. Williams indicated the amount should have been specific to construction
costs.

Council Member Burt advocated for this Project, but was concerned about
increasing costs. He inquired whether Staff had calculated any economic
benefits for the City from this Project.

Mr. Williams had not. Staff discussed documenting current revenues and
measuring revenues again once the project was complete.

Mr. Keene reported Staff would track baseline sales tax and other revenues
and, after the Project was complete, measure the increment.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff justify construction of the Project by
stating the amenity and the economic return on investment. The Project
was a considerable commitment to the community. He inquired about the
net impact to on-street parking on California Avenue as a result of the
Project.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated under the current configuration, California Avenue
had plus 4 additional parking spaces.

Council Member Burt recalled Mr. Rodriguez's statement that construction
expenses increased approximately $300,000 as a result of the delay caused
by lawsuits, and asked if that was correct.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the lawsuits had an impact of approximately $75,000.

Council Member Burt indicated $75,000 was removed from grant funds, and
inquired about the cost of construction increases.


03-04-2013                                                          112- 362
