                  WORKING MINUTES
concurred with all comments regarding the issue of grade separation related
to operations and safety. In order to hold an informed discussion, the
Council needed to weigh in early with additional information and not wait
until the respective agencies provided information. She noted trenched
railways existed in Reno, Nevada, and in the Alameda Corridor and
requested HMM provide visuals to complement the study. The Council
should anticipate additional costs if it chose to pursue the study.

Council Member Holman felt Council Member Klein's comments regarding
public education were valid. Visuals of alternatives were needed. She
questioned whether the community fully understood the implications of
grade separations. The Council needed to engage the community in the
proposal. In addition the Council should wait for issuance of pending legal
decisions. To obtain information, the Council needed to expend some funds
in the near future for this type of study. The Council should discuss
feasibility and impacts with the community.

Council Member Schmid was unclear regarding the distinction between Phase
1 draft project impacts and costs and Phase 2 detailed costs. He requested
Staff explain the added value of a Phase 2 study.

Mr. Hackmann reported the distinction was the reliance on comparables.
HMM would review costs associated with similar projects with similar
characteristics versus site-specific engineering. In Phase 2, HMM would
review more detailed work.

Council Member Schmid asked if HMM would identify houses in the right-of-
way for an underpass in Phase 1.

Mr. Hackmann stated HMM would identify a footprint.

Council Member Schmid felt Phase 1 would be a good investment for the
City. The east-west crossing in south Palo Alto was a major issue due to
increased Caltrain trips per hour and the potential for growth in the Ventura
area. He was attracted to the concept of trenching and under-grade
crossings. Trenching would be less expensive for the community when the
cost of acquiring homes was included. Now was the time to invest in good
information for good decision making.

Council Member Burt believed the purpose of the study was to provide
meaningful information for a community discussion. The study performed
three years previously prompted serious discussion in the community.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Klein no
                                                                            Page 17 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
