                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt agreed with restricting smoking in parks to the extent
it impacted park users. There was a delicate balance between legislating
behavior and restricting impact on others.       PARC's recommendation,
Attachment B, was more appropriate.         He had a reservation about
prohibiting smokers from using parks because they were smokers.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to approve Attachment B; 1) “to Establish New Smoking
Restrictions for All Parks, with Exceptions for the Municipal Golf Course and
Designated Smoking Zones at Greer, Rinconada and Mitchell Parks, 2)
Increase No-Smoking Buffer Zones from 20 to 25 feet for Consistency with
LEED Standards and, 3) Make Findings Regarding the Purpose of No-
Smoking Regulations” per the majority recommendation from the Parks and
Recreation Commission.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Klein did not support the Amendment. Golfers encouraged
young people to play golf to continue the sport, and he did not want to
encourage young people to smoke while playing golf.

Council Member Holman did not believe smoking should be allowed on the
Golf Course. The City should be consistent in supporting good health
practices. If golfers did not play the course because of the ban, then the
Council could reconsider the issue.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Berman, Burt, Schmid yes

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Burt no

5.   Review of the City of Palo Alto/Neighbor's Abroad Sister Cities
     Program, Discussion of International Relationships Strategy,
     Authorization to Engage in a Non-Binding "Smart Cities Partnership
     Agreement" with the City of Heidelberg, Germany, and Direction on
     Exploring Future "Smart City" Partnerships.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Manager of Economic Development, reported the intent
of the item was to build a framework and strategy for choosing cities and
regions for partnership and methods to measure success. Staff sought
Council direction to work with Neighbors Abroad and other volunteer leaders
to explore a new model for future global partnerships. The first part of the
recommendation authorized the Mayor to execute a Smart Cities Partnership
Agreement with Heidelberg, Germany. Staff would utilize the non-binding
agreement as a test case for a new model of partnership and work with
                                                                        Page 15 of 22
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 8/12/13
