                                MINUTES
could include TDM programs or TDM requirements. The intent was to
advance TDM with a district model being one component. Staff would need
to analyze the district model and its applicability to Palo Alto. The Council
could institute policies that required cash contributions as part of the public
benefit of a Planned Community (PC) Zone to fund a shuttle system. That
was an example of a TDM solution that did not utilize districts. He inquired
whether the Council wanted Staff to analyze TDM in general with districts
being one component or TDM Districts.

Council Member Kniss believed that some components of TDM existed in the
City through public transportation. This was an opportunity to consider
other methods for resolving parking and traffic problems. Possible solutions
could become part of a TDM District as a long-term plan.

Mr. Keene believed the advantage of a district concept was the ability to
encompass many different properties under one policy. A district seemed to
offer a systems-based framework for establishing policies. A district also
established a management framework to channel members of a district into
TDM programs.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether the Contra Costa County TDM model
was based on districts.

Vice Mayor Shepherd answered yes.      In Contra Costa County, some
businesses outside a district paid into the district in order for their
employees to participate.

Mr. Keene believed the direction to the City Attorney was important, because
models from around the country could be precluded under California law.

Council Member Berman agreed that a TDM program was part of a
comprehensive solution to parking problems. He suggested Staff consider
employing technology with respect to parking garages.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official, indicated Jaime Rodriguez, Chief
Transportation Official, supported use of high-tech solutions. With the
employment of a Parking Manager, Staff would have resources to work on
this.

Council Member Price recalled that the original Colleague's Memorandum
discussed a TDM Plan with various elements. A district as an operational
concept was part of a TDM plan. Parking management strategies could
occur in parallel with other TDM programs or policies. She inquired whether

                                                                            Page 3 of 7
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 10/3/13
