                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman felt some of the other locations could yield more
parking. The methodology addressed post-construction impacts, but not
physical compatibility. The structures appeared to be at least 50 feet tall.

Mr. Williams stated the height was generally 45 feet to the rail, with the
height to the floor itself being 41 or 42 feet. The elevator shaft would be
higher than that. If a covering was utilized, then the height would be
somewhat greater. The structure itself would not be over 50 feet.

Council Member Holman believed the scoring methodology did not consider
compatibility.

Mr. Williams agreed. There were a number of qualitative factors that needed
to be included in the study. The study was strictly an engineering analysis.

Council Member Holman did not see any rankings for garage locations that
would impact office more than retail or that would not affect retail sales and
business as much as office. She was unclear as to the factors that were or
were not considered as part of the scoring methodology.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the constructability factors were engineering focused.
Staff needed to add factors that would rank the sites differently. Staff
performed an existing conditions assessment to determine site constraints
and land uses.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff considered that construction could
impact those buildings without seismic retrofits. With regard to Lot P, she
inquired whether the additional 89 parking spaces included the spaces
reserved for the developer's use.

Mr. Williams reported the analysis was separate from the developer's
proposal. Staff would present the details of the developer's proposal in June
2013.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff sought more information
rather than approval of the developer's proposal.

Mr. Williams answered yes.

Council Member Holman hoped Staff would consider constructing garages
partially or completely below grade, and wanted to see uses on the sides of
the garages to improve their appearances. The logical approach to the
parking problem was to phase in a parking permit program to determine the

                                                                           Page 13 of 20
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 5/20/13
