                      MINUTES
contribution to parking deficiencies; and the review process. Staff and the
ARB utilized Context Based Design Criteria and the Downtown Urban Design
Guide to review projects. The existing building contained 7,000 square feet
but provided no onsite parking spaces. Six parking spaces were located on
the street. Twenty parking spaces were provided as part of the assessment.
The Project provided 4 residential parking spaces, 11 parking spaces through
in-lieu payments and TDR transfers, 20 assessed parking spaces, and 4 on-
street parking spaces. Historic resources, including the Ramona Historic
District, and non-historic resources were located near the Project. The
Project replaced one non-historic building with another non-historic building.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the Code stated criteria for projects that were
entitled to utilize the in-lieu parking fee within the District.    Once a
developer met the criteria, it was allowed to utilize the in-lieu fee. The
Project met the criteria of site size.

Lee Lippert, Chair, Architectural Review Board, noted the ARB was composed
of only three members during review of the Project. All of the seated ARB
members recommended approval of the Project.                  The ARB made
recommendations regarding the quality and character of development to the
Director of Planning and Community Environment. The ARB utilized Context
Based Design Criteria in reviewing compatibility of a building with the
surrounding neighborhood. No ARB or City standard required a particular
architectural style or limited new buildings to a particular architectural style.
Context Based Design Criteria encouraged buildings of multiple stories on
street corners.

Mayor Scharff inquired about the time limit for applicant comments.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported Council protocols
allowed 10 minutes for appellant comments and 3 minutes for appellant
rebuttal. The applicant also received 10 minutes for comments. The
appellant was allowed to make comments prior to the applicant.

Public Hearing opened at 10:15 P.M.

Douglas Smith indicated the fundamental question was orderly or haphazard
development. He filed the appeal to interpret the vision found in the
Comprehensive Plan and the Municipal Code. If the Comprehensive Plan and
Municipal Code easily yielded opposing interpretations, then the Council
must utilize its collective wisdom to clarify the vision. The Comprehensive
Plan presented a vision to promote high quality creative design, and site
planning compatible with surrounding development and public spaces.
Compatibility should ensure architectural harmony. The word "area" in
                                                                            Page 30 of 40
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 12/9/13
