                              MINUTES
Should the Council chose to proceed with placing a measure on the ballot for
November 2014, there was also an option to conduct a very short tracking
survey in April 2014 to compile the pieces of the research, test the final
model of the measure, and to return with a final determination of levels of
public support. The proposed timeline provided the Council with a couple of
different off-ramps. At any point in the process, if the Council felt it had
sufficient information to make a decision about whether to move a measure
to the ballot, then it did not need to conduct the subsequent research. If the
Council chose at any point not to proceed with any measure for 2014, then
the latter surveys planned for the sequence could be omitted. Gathering data
according to the timeline would enable the preparation of an outreach plan
which the City could commence in January 2014.             The second survey
proposed for phase two could provide some final bits of data to refine the
outreach plan. The data collected in the fall would be sufficient to prepare the
outreach plan. The Council would have a full seven months of public outreach
before placing a measure on the ballot.

Council Member Klein felt the process of selecting projects and funding
mechanisms was difficult given the number of variables. The Committee
narrowed choices in a variety of ways. The costs for projects were different
from those originally provided. Staff and the Committee eliminated a variety
of redundancies and revised costs. A Mello-Roos District was new to the
Council and a Study Session would be needed, if the Council was interested in
the topic as a source of funding. He wanted the public to understand COPs
and how widely they were used. Results of the first poll were conservative in
that they did not include undecided votes. The first two polls were in effect
included in the original Motion referring the topic to the Committee. If the
Council agreed to proceed with a third poll, then the Council would need to
review the scope of the poll. The actual wording of polling questions was
determined by the consultant in order to be impartial and scientific.

Mr. Metz said he would take ample input from the Committee and Staff to
ensure that the issues were correct and that the questions were responsive to
information the Committee and Council sought to obtain. Applying best
practices and his professional experience, he would ultimately shape the
specific questions.

Council Member Klein indicated the City was within reach of having sufficient
funds for all projects, with the exception of the Public Safety Building. Issuing
COPs based on TOT or Sales Tax revenue would provide sufficient funds for all
projects except the Public Safety Building. Any delay in the Council's timeline
for the Jay Paul Company Project would be problematic for any ballot
measure in 2014.

                                                                          Page 8 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/28/13
