                               MINUTES
Mr. Perez reported benefit packages started out high, but were aligning with
other cities. $2 million was not an unmanageable deficit.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to accept the Fiscal Year 2013 to 2023 Long Range Financial Forecast as
Staff’s latest projection of the City’s revenue and expenditure picture given
current and projected developments.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed this was the worst way to manage pensions.
The City tried to be a good custodian. Cash flow in the next few years would
be okay, but not after that.

Mr. Keene asked Vice Mayor Shepherd if her comment regarding managing
pensions related to CalPERS.

Vice Mayor Shepherd replied yes.

Council Member Burt requested the Council consider whether to dedicate
new revenue streams, focusing on TOT from hotels under construction,
toward infrastructure spending.

Mayor Scharff understood Council Member Burt wanted to agendize the
question for future discussion. The topic was not agendized for the current
discussion.

Council Member Burt explained the question was whether dedication of
revenue streams would be included in the LRFF. Implementation of funding
would be a separate Agenda Item. He inquired about the process to address
those two aspects.

Ms. Stump reported the dedication of funds was a budgetary action taken by
the Council on an annual basis. The forecasting decision could be made and
reflected in the LRFF subject to implementation.

Council Member Kniss felt it would be wise to dedicate funding for
infrastructure, because infrastructure was a Priority and a community
interest.

Council Member Schmid noted salaries could increase no more than 2
percent per year in order for the City to meet pension obligations. The two
critical revenue streams were property tax and sales tax. Those taxes grew
more slowly than pension obligations. The current revenue streams did not
allow the City to provide the services the community wanted.             He
recommended that the Council consider alternative revenue streams,
                                                                       Page 10 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/13/13
