                                MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired about the City's legal remedies.

Molly Stump, City Attorney explained the special pay item was a proposed or
interim rule that CalPERS announced on December 27, 2012. Initially, the
City should correspond with CalPERS questioning how they arrived at that
interpretation of the statute. There could be some grounds for questioning
the proposed administrative action. If the provision was issued as a final
rule, the Legislature could clarify their intentions with regard to special pay,
or the City could challenge through the courts the discretion of CalPERS to
choose that interpretation.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff copy State Legislators on any
correspondence to CalPERS. He requested Staff comment on the letter
dated January 17, 2013 from the unions.

Ms. Shen stated the two forums were not meant to be a bargaining
situation. The letter put forth a position that some of the unions wanted to
get on the record. Staff responded to employee questions regarding retiree
medical. Employees with longer service wanted a guarantee similar to the
20-year vesting plan. That would be a significant issue needing more
discussion, and was a bargainable issue. The introductory forums were not
the place to resolve that type of issue.

Council Member Klein asked if any of the seven signatories attended the
forums.

Mr. Keene stated a number of the signatories were present at the forum he
attended.

Ms. Shen believed three signatories were present at the first or second
forum.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City would have an official
response to the letter.

Mr. Keene felt the City would be compelled to respond, because Staff
disagreed with several inferences made in the letter.

Council Member Berman requested the report be placed on the City website.
He asked for clarification of Actuarial Value of Assets (AVA) versus Market
Value of Assets (MVA) on page 6 of the Report.

Mr. Perez explained AVA meant gains or losses were amortized over a period
of time. Losses were typically adjusted, causing the value to change.
                                                                          Page 13 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                               Minutes:
