                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired about the nature of the supporters who
attended the June 10 Council meeting.

Ms. Gonzales reported PAHC requested support from members of the
community who supported affordable housing.

Council Member Holman noted some items in the June 10 presentation were
not listed as Conditions of Approval, and those items could reduce the traffic
impact.

Mayor Scharff indicated the discussion related to the Motion to Continue.

Council Member Holman was attempting to provide topics for discussion at
the meeting of the parties.

Mayor Scharff felt those topics were not germane to the Motion to Continue.

Council Member     Holman    wanted    the   City   Attorney   to   make        that
determination.

Mayor Scharff indicated that was a Mayoral decision. The debate was limited
to whether the Council wished to continue the Agenda Item and, if so, the
time of the meeting.

Council Member Holman requested the same latitude allowed in the
discussion of the Motion.

Mayor Scharff stated the debate was limited to continuation of the Agenda
Item.

Council Member Holman requested the City Attorney determine if her
questions were beyond the scope of the Motion.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the issue was meeting management,
which was within the Mayor's purview subject to the vote of the Council to
move in another direction.

Council Member Holman disagreed.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the meeting would be open or
closed to the public.

Council Member Klein felt the meeting would be closed; however, that was a
decision for the participants. The meeting was not subject to the Brown Act.

Council Member Schmid asked who would speak for the neighborhood.

                                                                          Page 10 of 30
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 6/13/13
