                               MINUTES
Lydia Kou stated there was no opposition to senior housing. The City should
address infrastructure issues before considering rezoning requests.

Edie Keating questioned the amount of increased costs that would be caused
by delaying the project. The proposal as amended was acceptable.

Diane Lee asked why the project did not have to follow planning policies.

AJ Lumsdaine, speaking on behalf of a group, stated the neighborhood
representatives represented themselves and not the neighbors as a group.
None of the attendees or Staff performed a comprehensive traffic study, and
a study was needed.

Salit Gazit related her experience biking to work along Maybell Avenue.

Ray Bacchetti believed PAHC made concessions. Low-income housing was a
vital need for the community.

Stephanie Munoz felt rezoning in exchange for public benefits was
appropriate when the public was aware of the exchange.

Michael Francois stated senior citizens should be considered first for low-
income housing.

J West hoped the rental rates would not be more than 30 percent of income
for the seniors.

The Public Hearing closed at 9:15 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to:

1)   Approve a Mitigated Negative Declaration (Attachment B) amended
     June 4, 2013;

2)   Adopt a Planned Community Ordinance Amending the Zoning Map to
     Change the Zone Designations from R-2 and RM-15 to Allow a 12 Unit
     Single Family and 60 Unit Affordable Rental Development for Seniors
     (Attachment A), including Two Concessions under State Density Bonus
     Law (Building height and Daylight Plane); and

3)   Approve a Resolution Amending the Comprehensive Plan Designation
     for a Portion of the Site to Single Family Residential (from Multifamily
     Residential), for the Project Located at 567-595 Maybell Avenue
                                                                            Page 9 of 22
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes June 17, 2013
