                  WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Holman requested Staff state when they could return to the
Council, a deadline for Council input, and a timeline for implementing the
various steps.

Council Member Klein inquired about methods to prevent the same person
from repeatedly providing input.

Ms. Keith reported Staff could monitor comments posted to Open City Hall
and review the times a participant posted comments.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff would publicize their efforts to limit
comments to one per person.

Ms. Keith could explain the tool and the variety of methods to provide input.
The objective was to broaden the number of people who provided input.
Staff needed to effectively communicate regarding the tool and the variety
of opportunities to provide input.

Council Member Klein asked if there was a way to prevent participants from
posting multiple comments.

Mark Cohen, Open City Hall, answered yes. Software and Open City Hall
staff monitored every user and their comments in four ways. In order to
post a comment, the user had to register his real name, email address, and
street jurisdiction.  Software monitored registration, confirmed email
addresses, geo coded street addresses, and monitored IP addresses and
browser cookies. Those techniques prevented systematic fraud.

Council Member Klein inquired about methods to prevent multiple postings
to smart screens and interviews.

Ms. Keith indicated smart screens also allowed aggregation of data for
review.

Mr. Keene needed to review the ability to prevent multiple postings on smart
screens.

Council Member Klein felt prevention of multiple postings was important.

Ms. Keith noted participants could submit their comments multiple times;
however, Staff would have the ability to review data for duplications.

Council Member Klein did not wish for one participant to have more influence
than another participant.
                                                                            Page 22 of 24
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 11/4/13
