                              MINUTES
AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Klein, Berman, Shepherd, Scharff, Price no

Council Member Burt felt the City Attorney's analysis would be quite
important as TDM programs were constrained by shifting legal limitations.
The concept of including TDM programs was correct.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER: to add “and/or programs” after TDM Districts throughout
the Motion.

Council Member Burt stated that the Council had to associate the number of
employees at a given workplace with existing programs in order to
implement any TDM measures. Requirements of existing parking programs
tied the anticipated number of employees to a given use. The community's
perception was that greater densification existed than zoning anticipated.
He did not understand how the Council could address TDM without linking it
to the number of employees. The Council would need a much deeper
discussion regarding linking the two.

Vice Mayor Shepherd expressed concern regarding traffic and parking
generated by commuters into Palo Alto. Public transit was not friendly or
easy to access. She was concerned that Staff would stop work once the cost
reached $100,000 or Staff would exceed $100,000 in order to provide a
thorough report. She asked how Staff would handle that concern.

Mr. Keene suggested the amount was designed to set parameters. The
amount provided a discipline for Staff, and Staff would check-in with the
Council if it needed authorization for additional Staff time.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt the Council was micromanaging Staff by setting a
limit. New policy discussions required time.

Council Member Holman stated the methods to quantify, measure and
analyze traffic trips as part of development projects were important. Staff
should make clear whether information focused on growth or on existing
development. The Council should clarify whether TDM Districts would have
an assessment similar to the Parking Assessment District. If so, she asked
who would pay for the districts. She inquired whether business interests
under Item Number 2(b) included business owners and property owners.

Council Member Klein responded yes.

Council Member Holman noted other means to address parking issues such
as technology. She asked why the Motion did not address RPP.
                                                                         Page 6 of 7
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/3/13
