                                MINUTES

Council Member Burt asked if Staff was working collaboratively with the City
of East Palo Alto on the parking problem.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes.

Council Member Burt suggested parking on Woodland Drive could be a
stopgap measure until the new parking lots were ready. It was appropriate
to have super majority support to opt into a parking program. He inquired
whether Staff should be given discretion to grant hardship permits.

Mr. Aknin indicated neighborhood residents had not raised that concern. If
the issue was raised, Staff could return to the Council for guidance.

Council Member Burt supported adding Staff discretion to the Motion to
prevent Staff from returning to the Council for direction.

Mr. Aknin wanted to consider criteria for a hardship.

Council Member Burt wanted to leave hardship criteria to Staff discretion.

Mr. Aknin was agreeable.

Council Member Burt understood there were vacant parking spaces since
Equity Partners began charging for them. However, Staff indicated there
were no vacant spaces. He requested clarification of that issue.

Mr. Aknin was not sure all parking spaces were occupied.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether the parking problem began in 2011 when
Equity Partners bought the apartment complexes.

Mr. Aknin indicated the problem arose in 2012 once Equity Partners
implemented its policies.

Mayor Scharff recalled the previous owners of the apartment complexes
attempted to raise rental rates. He agreed with Council Member Burt's
suggestion to allow Staff discretion to set criteria for hardships.  He
requested the Motion include Staff discretion to extend permits for more
than one night.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported State law required the program be
authorized by Resolution or Ordinance. Under those circumstances, allowing
Staff discretion needed to be considered carefully and parameters set.
                                                                         Page 12 of 22
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 8/12/13
