                               MINUTES

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.    Response to Colleague’s Memo on Employee Benefits: Pension.

James Keene, City Manager reported the Council adopted the Colleagues
Memo as a whole and as a three-part conversation regarding benefits
strategy.    The topic came forward because of the significant pension
enhancements over the prior 10-15 years in California cities, the rising costs
of pensions and healthcare, financial concerns created by the recession, and
public concerns and understanding. The Council wanted to inform the
community and employees about actions taken by the City, and actions the
City could and could not perform as a California Public Employees'
Retirement System (CalPERS) participant. The California Public Employees'
Pension Reform Act (PEPRA) informed pension law and practices for CalPERS
agencies. The presentation would provide background and report on the
issue of pension benefits under PEPRA and the implications for cities, with
the understanding that not all interpretations and applications were known.
California placed great restrictions on the flexibility of local governments
relating to home rule and autonomy.

Kathy Shen, Chief People Officer agreed CalPERS placed many restrictions
on what the City could and could not do in terms of pensions. The concept
of retirement had changed since the inception of public pensions. The
CalPERS Board was independent, because of an early attempt to use pension
funds for other government projects.

Mr. Keene added Board independence prevented the State Legislature from
raiding pension funds to balance the budget.

Ms. Shen stated the City did not have sufficient pension contributions. The
City needed to contribute more, review costs, and adjust its business model.
If the City hired employees from other cities that did not have a second
pension tier, the City would be at a disadvantage because the employee
would come into a lower pension tier. The City would have to seek younger
hires or hire from private business, resulting in upward pressure on salaries.
The City suffered from investment losses, increasing payroll costs, and rapid
growth of benefits. She wanted to address the six questions regarding
pensions as provided in the Staff Report.

Mr. Keene indicated the third installment of the benefits discussion would
relate to health benefits, and would occur February 4, 2013.


                                                                        Page 10 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                             Minutes:
