                         ACTION MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to approve a contract with RMC Water and Environment, Inc. (RMC) to
complete the environmental analysis of an expanded recycled water project
to serve the Stanford Research Park for $176,286, plus a contingency of
$17,628, for an amount not to exceed $193,914. Staff also recommends
that Council approve this contract as a “sole source” exemption from the
City’s competitive bidding process under its authority in Palo Alto Municipal
Code Section 2.30.360(d).

MOTION FAILED: 4-2 Holman, Scharff, no, Burt, Schmid, Shepherd absent

Grant Kolling, Senior Assistant City Attorney, stated that the City Charter
requires an affirmative vote of a majority of the Council to approve a award
contract, without five votes is does not pass.

MOTION Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to continue this item to the Council meeting of April 8, 2013.

MOTION PASSED:         4-2 Holman, Scharff, no, Burt, Schmid, Shepherd
absent

14.   Approval of the 2013 Federal and State Legislative Program.

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Price to refer
to Policy and Services Committee the issue of hiring a state lobbyist.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Burt, Schmid, Shepherd absent

MOTION: Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to
approve the 2013 Federal and State Legislative Program, to include RHNA
reform.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Burt, Schmid, Shepherd absent

15.   Direct City Clerk to Return Ballot Designating the City Council's Vote
      for the Two League of California Cities Amendments to Membership
      Bylaws.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to move to support the League’s two amendments to the League’s
bylaws to the membership and vote yes on amendment number 1-
Resolutions submitted to the League for presentation to the General
                                                                           Page 4 of 6
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 04/01/13
