                               MINUTES

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to appoint an advisory body to solicit community input on potential changes
to the City of Palo Alto Utilities electric overhead to underground conversion
policy.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the community deserved an answer regarding
undergrounding utilities. Undergrounding utilities would be outside the
purview of the Infrastructure Committee.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether the advisory body would be Ad Hoc.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated Staff would present further options for
appointing the advisory body. The advisory body would exist until the
Council decided whether or not to underground utilities in the entire City.

Council Member Kniss believed public engagement was needed to
understand and explain the situation. Having an advisory body would make
a long-term difference.

Council Member Schmid asked if the intent of the advisory body was to
gather complex information about safety, efficacy, and costs, or to generate
public comment on the issues.

Mr. Ping stated the primary intent was to gather public comment.             Staff
would provide support and information.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the advisory body would provide a
recommendation rather than alternatives to the Council.

Mr. Ping indicated the advisory body would make a recommendation, but it
would consider different alternatives in developing its recommendation.

James Keene, City Manager, remarked that part of the impetus for an
advisory body was an acknowledged gap between the potential scale of
needed undergrounding and the City's ability to fund undergrounding. That
raised many questions and implications in the purview of the Council. Staff
would provide support and technical work.

Council Member Schmid preferred the body return to the Council with a
range of alternatives after public engagement.

Council Member Klein stated an advisory body was not in the same category
as recommendations from the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission
                                                                         Page 5 of 32
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 3/18/13
