                             MINUTES
     Agency Negotiators:
     James Keene, Pam Antil, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Hamid
     Ghaemmaghami, Greg Betts, Rob De Geus, Thomas Fehrenbach,
     Aaron Aknin, Molly Stump

     Negotiating Parties:
     City of Palo Alto and Palo Alto Unified School District

     Under Negotiation:
     Lease and/or Purchase/Sale*
     Price and Terms of Payment

The City Council reconvened from the Closed Sessions at 6:16 P.M. and
Mayor Scharff announced there was no reportable action.

STUDY SESSION

3.   Potential List of Topics for Joint Meeting with the City Council and
     Planning and Transportation Commission.

The Planning and Transportation Commission presented an overview of their
efforts to amend the 1998-2010 City of Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan, most
recently directed by the City Council in 2010. Each PTC member presented
draft revised vision statements, goal structures and highlights of proposed
changes for each of the seven elements in the Comprehensive Plan. Some
Council Members had questions with regard to the draft vision statements
and goal language. The Council appreciated the update and the work of the
PTC, but commented that only a high level overview was possible for this
meeting. The PTC and City staff will develop a process by which the Council
or a Council sub-committee can review each revised Comprehensive plan
element in detail.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

Mayor Scharff announced Staff recommended Council adoption of the
Housing Element be continued to June 10, 2013.

James Keene, City Manager, reported Staff needed additional time to finalize
alternative sites and to confer with the California Department of Housing and
Community Development (HCD).

Mayor Scharff understood the Regional Housing Mandate Committee
recommended Staff find 30 additional housing units if possible. Staff

                                                                               Page 2 of 20
                                                               Special City Council Meeting
                                                                          Minutes: 5/20/13
