                               MINUTES
sought support to refer this to the Policy and Services Committee for further
analysis and recommendations.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the type of projects in the category of
new or remodeled private large commercial developments and housing
projects.

Council Member Price explained Staff would return with an analysis of those
issues.

Council Member Kniss reiterated that Staff would address those details, and
questioned whether the category would include churches and hospitals. She
asked who would monitor public artwork to ensure developers provided
maintenance and care. Many developers could choose to pay the in-lieu fee
as being less expensive than long-term maintenance.

Council Member Schmid liked the focus on large projects, inclusion of a care
and maintenance plan, and the variety of artwork.

MOTION:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Shepherd to: A) extend the current One Percent For Art Policy to new and or
remodeled private large commercial developments and housing projects with
the details of the Policy to be developed by Staff and considered by the
Policy and Services Committee. Single-family homes, duplexes, triplexes and
four-plexes and historical preservation sites would be exempt. The Policy at
a minimum should provide that; 1) the applicant may choose to pay the 1
percent in-lieu fee to the Public Art Commission rather than commission
artwork at the site; 2) That the care and appropriate maintenance of the
artwork will be the responsibility of the private developer; 3) The care and
maintenance plan will be reviewed and monitored by the City Staff; and 4)
The artwork must not be demolished, removed or destroyed without City
approval, B) direct Staff to develop a robust plan for consideration by the
Policy and Services Committee and then the full Council that evaluates the
current modest General Fund contributions and considers a possible
administrative fee and or set aside of a portion of the funds received under
the current Percent for Art Policy to account for ongoing and future
maintenance of the existing and future artworks commissioned under the
Percent for Art Policy based on a realistic assessment of the maintenance
needs of the Cities Public Art Collection and administration needs of that
collection. The goal should be a transition to a self-sustaining robust
program that does not rely on General Fund contributions, and C) welcome
and encourage a variety of art experiences including interactive art,
sculptures, murals, mosaics, innovative spaces or facades that engage the
public and signature architectural features.
                                                                           Page 18 of 20
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 4/8/13
