                                    MINUTES
     Density Bonus Law, and Would Replace the Existing 900 s.f. “We Fix
     Macs” Commercial Building.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
the proposed project was consistent with the Comprehensive Plan and with
zoning requirements. The proposal involved mixed-use development on a
transit corridor in an area zoned for such development. The proposal would
implement the Housing Element with respect to creating small residential
units. A traffic study concluded that the proposal could contribute to a
significant cumulative impact. A mitigation measure was included in the
conditions of approval to address that impact. The proposal was first
submitted to the City in January 2013 and had been reviewed by both the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and the Architectural
Review Board (ARB). Staff recommended approval of the project.

Russ Reich, Senior Planner, indicated the project was located on 1.6 acres
on El Camino Real, bounded by Portage Avenue and Acacia Avenue. An
application to merge four parcels was approved. The site was zoned
Commercial Service (CS), and the Comprehensive Plan Land Use designation
was also CS. The building would have a floor area total of 74,122 square
feet. The proposed height of the building would be 55 feet above grade.
The ground-floor level would include retail, restaurant, office, and
commercial recreation uses. Forty-eight small residential units would be
provided on the upper three levels. The proposal was compliant with El
Camino Real Guidelines. The building setback along El Camino Real would
allow for a minimum effective sidewalk of at least 12 feet. The project
included surface and one level of below-grade parking for 216 vehicles. The
new parking garage would connect to the existing below-grade garage on
Portage Avenue. Three-level car stackers or puzzle lifts would be installed in
the new garage. Vehicular access to the site would be provided exclusively
on Portage Avenue via two curb cuts. All other existing curb cuts along El
Camino Real and Acacia Avenue would be removed to increase pedestrian
safety and to add onsite parking. Fifteen surface-level visitor parking spaces
were proposed beneath the residential wing of the building. Because the
project would provide 10 percent or 5 Below Market Rate (BMR) units, the
applicant was entitled under State law to request one concession to the
City's zoning requirements. The applicant requested a concession of 4,619
square feet of floor area. This amount was consistent with the draft Density
Bonus Ordinance. When providing BMR units, projects were entitled by right
to utilize the State's calculation for required parking for residential units.
The State's calculation resulted in 31 fewer parking spaces than the City's
Parking Ordinance. Otherwise the project was compliant with the City's
parking requirements. The BMR units would provide low-income housing for
five units within the project for a period of 30 years. The application
                                                                         Page 9 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  November 18, 2013
