                         DRAFT MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd expressed concern that healthcare costs would
continue to rise at an estimated 6-7 percent in 2013, and inquired how the
projection was obtained.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services noted the average came in at
slightly more than 9 percent.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the cost was a greater concern.

Mr. Perez explained the average pertained to plans available for non-
Medicare participants and included Blue Shield, Kaiser, First Choice, and a
few variations of Blue Shield. Taking into account the differing increases,
the average for plans was slightly more than 9 percent.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the City had to follow the CalPERS projection
of 6-7 percent.

Mr. Perez reported Staff embedded the rates in the Budget as they learned
of the rates. For example, in June 2012 CalPERS provided the increased
rates. Staff made those adjustments in the Budget and used the actual rate.
In terms of the Long Range Financial Forecast (LRFF), the Council instructed
Staff to use 10 percent each year.

Vice Mayor Shepherd suggested that information be included in the Report
to explain why the Council did not have confidence in the 6-7 percent
increase.

Ms. Shen indicated the 6-7 percent increase was a United States figure.
California had lower healthcare inflation than the remainder of the nation.

Mr. Keene stated the annual healthcare cost increases were significant
numbers. In a good year, City revenues increased by 3-4 percent. These
costs placed pressure on other areas of the City Budget.

Liliana Salazar, Senior Vice President of Compliance, Wells Fargo Insurance
Services explained some of the trend factors in the prior year were higher
because of health reform.       The Affordable Care Act (ACA) mandated
coverage of many provisions; therefore, costs increased as CalPERS deemed
all plans to be non-grandfathered plans. The nationwide trend factor was
anticipated to be 9 percent at the lowest level of the scale. Additional
mandates to be presented in 2014 would continue to increase costs. Ten
percent was realistic.


                                                                          Page 4 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
