                                MINUTES
Mr. Williams reported the Council did not have that ability unless the
property owner requested another type of zoning.

Council Member Berman asked if the property owner could build two stories.

Mr. Williams replied yes, with the ground floor being office space if the
ground-floor zoning did not apply.

Council Member Berman stated having this 12-month time period gave
property owners the flexibility to test the retail market.

Mr. Williams explained the 12-month period was a vacancy issue.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the property owner would have to
change the use prior to seeking a tenant for the space.

Mr. Williams replied no.

Council Member Berman indicated if a property owner could not find a retail
tenant after three or four months, then he could rely on the commercial use.
There was flexibility for the legal, non-conforming use.

Council Member Price would not support the Motion. The earlier Staff
recommendation had merit, and she concurred with comments made by the
minority opinion of the P&TC. She supported retail uses, the flexibility of
having office uses, and providing opportunities for the property owners.
This action was premature because of the Study. Including all the properties
was not logical.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if an office use could move into a space zoned
for retail use.

Mr. Williams responded no, if retail zoning was in effect.

Vice Mayor Shepherd did not support the Motion. Design as well as location
was important for retail businesses. She preferred to have a ground-floor
retail overlay for redevelopment. Until a property owner could redesign the
building, it was a mistake to impose this type of zoning.

Council Member Kniss supported the Motion. Decisions about zoning would
change. The Council could not know if its decisions regarding Downtown
retail were appropriate unless the decisions were implemented. The Council
had the flexibility to review the decision in the future.

                                                                            Page 10 of 20
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Minutes: 4/8/13
