                    MINUTES

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 5-6.

5.   Approval of Banking Services Contract Extension with Wells Fargo for
     One Year in a Not to Exceed Amount of $120,000.

6.   Approval Of The Agreement Between The City Of Palo Alto And The
     Friends Of The Palo Alto Junior Museum & Zoo For Mutual Cooperation
     And Support.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Review Infrastructure Survey Findings and Recommendations and
     Provide Direction to Staff on Next Steps.

James Keene, City Manager, suggested Council decisions be referred to the
Infrastructure Committee in the interest of time. Ms. Tucker would address
next steps. Ms. Tucker would be leaving the City's employ for a position
with the City of Santa Clara.

Dave Metz, Fairbank, Maslin, Maullin, Metz & Associates (FM3), reported the
current survey was the second in a series of planned surveys to assess
options for funding infrastructure needs. The survey was designed to assess
voter support for five potential funding options and to understand which
ones seemed to have the broadest and least public support. FM3 tested a 3
percent and a 2 percent increase in the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT); a
1/4 percent and 1/8 percent increase in the sales tax rate; two General
Obligation (GO) Bond measures, one in the amount of $66 million for
transportation and one in the amount of $71 million for public safety; and
the idea of establishing a Community Facilities District (CFD) to fund parking
improvements. The goal of the survey was to narrow the range of options
that the City might wish to subject to additional research. Based on data
collected by the League of California Cities over the last decade, majority
vote measures, similar to those under consideration, passed at roughly a 2-
to-1 margin. Approximately 45 percent of measures requiring a two-thirds
supermajority vote was passed. Generally, the strongest support had been
for GO Bonds; although, they required a higher threshold of support for
approval. FM3 conducted 600 interviews with randomly selected, likely
voters in the City of Palo Alto in the middle of November 2013. FM3 strove
                                                                         Page 15 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/9/13
