                                MINUTES

Tom Linebarger felt a moral imperative to speak against the proposed
Ordinance. The City should be helping homeless people.

Thomas Atwood requested the Council table the discussion to reconvene a
task force that represented the appropriate constituencies.

Nick Selby felt the Council had not adequately considered a full range of
alternatives to a vehicle habitation ban.

Marie Simirenko did not support the proposed Ordinance, because it was
unconscionable and not the only option.

Robert Moss believed the majority of vehicle dwellers were normal, good
people.   The Council should be careful regarding enforcement of an
Ordinance.

Sean Osteen indicated the proposed Ordinance was unconstitutional, unjust,
elitist and discriminatory.

Pastor Bains stated the proposed Ordinance would not help the homeless,
and asked for time to allow the faith-based and non-profit community to find
an alternative.

Vickie Boone related her story as a vehicle dweller.

Karen Sundback encouraged the Council to adopt the proposed Ordinance in
order to keep children safe and to discourage people from living on the
street.

Aram James believed the City could not support civil rights and gay rights
without supporting homeless rights.

Marc Marasco supported the proposed Ordinance.           The situation at
Cubberley worsened as the homeless population increased.

Cybele did not believe the proposed Ordinance was a solution to vehicle
habitation. The community could find a better solution.

Heidi Voltmer urged the Council to adopt the proposed Ordinance and
continue to explore other solutions.

Nancy Karp supported adoption of the proposed Ordinance, because the City
did not have a tool to approach the homeless problem.
                                                                          Page 10 of 18
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: August 5, 2013
