                              MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired about the ownership of the various parking
lots and about financing of projects.

Mr. Rodriguez reported that the Parking Assessment District was formed
such that funds generated through leases were used to repay the
construction bonds and to provide overall management of all surface lots
and garages. The ownership of the surface lots remained with the City.
Once the construction bonds were repaid, a business interest in the
partnership between the City and the Downtown Parking Committee would
ensure that the parking supply remained equitably available for businesses
and visitors.

James Keene, City Manager, requested Mr. Rodriguez identify the surface
parking lots within the Parking Assessment District.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the lot at 800 High Street was outside the Parking
Assessment District, and the Ramona/University Garage was a public-private
partnership. Every other garage and lot was owned by the City.

Mr. Keene understood that parking garage floors above the surface lot could
be owned and operated in a different fashion from the existing Parking
Assessment District.

Council Member Klein asked if the Parking Assessment District paid for the
two Alma/High lots, the Bryant Street lot, and the Cowper/Webster lot, but
not the Civic Center lot.

Mr. Rodriguez did not know.

Council Member Klein requested that information be provided at a later time.
The Ramona/University and 800 High Street lots were public-private
partnerships. He inquired whether the City had a contractual requirement to
retain the sites as parking lots, even though they were owned by the City.

Mr. Rodriguez understood the requirement was for the City to provide the
community with the same number of parking spaces if the use for the sites
changed.

Council Member Klein inquired about financing for the proposed parking
garages.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the City collected in-lieu fees from private sector
development within the Downtown core, and the Downtown In-Lieu Fee

                                                                          Page 11 of 20
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 5/20/13
