                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein concluded that the policy of interviewing all applicants
was not an efficient use of time. The Council should not interview those
candidates they had interviewed previously and those candidates not
qualified for the position. He would not support the Motion. He would not
interview two candidates for the Public Art Commission, because the Council
had interviewed them previously.

Council Member Schmid noted Agenda Item Numbers 2, 3, and 4 had term
ending dates of April, December, and July respectively. Policy and Services
Committee discussed making ending dates consistent, so that terms would
end on a single date. He questioned whether this would provide the
flexibility to impose a new end of term date.

Molly Stump, City Attorney inquired whether the positions were noticed for a
particular timeframe.

Donna Grider, City Clerk reported the Municipal Code provided the terms for
Boards and Commissions. Language in the Code would have to be amended
to have a single term date, if the Council wished.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council was committing to the stated
terms if they accepted the candidates with the term dates noted.

Ms. Stump explained the interview process could proceed without
determining that. Staff would have to review the way the positions were
noticed and Code requirements before providing a mechanism to adjust the
terms, if the Council wished to do so.

Herb Borock recalled prior Councils voted by paper ballot for candidates to
interview. Those candidates with 4 votes were interviewed. He suggested
this method was better than assigning a committee to choose which
candidates to interview or having Motions to interview or appoint candidates.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

3.   Selection of Candidates to be Interviewed for the Parks and Recreation
     Commission for Two Terms Ending on December 31, 2015.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to interview all candidates for the Parks and Recreation Commission
for two terms ending on December 31, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

01-14-2013                                                          112- 172
