                              MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz wished to make the Council aware of the possibility it
would have to buy back real estate at exorbitant prices to house the
homeless.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Herb Borock requested Agenda Item Number 5 be removed from the
Consent Calendar. The Council had the prerogative to direct Staff to hire a
recruiting firm for the position of City Auditor. Council policy indicated
Council Committees were advisory to the Council. The current opening for
City Auditor was not listed on the City's website.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-6.

3.   Approval for the City Manager to Purchase a Police Records
     Management System (RMS), and Field-based Reporting Applications in
     Partnership With the Cities of Mountain View and Los Altos for Palo
     Alto’s Participation in the Tri-Cities CAD and RMS “Virtual
     Consolidation” Project and Related Budget Amendment Ordinance in
     the Amount of $100,000 in Contingency Funding from the Information
     Technology Internal Service Fund.

4.   Approval of Crescent Park - No Overnight Parking (2:00 A.M.-5:00
     A.M.) Trial Program Resident Permit Application and Program
     Expansion.

5.   Council  Appointed     Officers   Committee     Recommendation           of
     Appointment of Acting City Auditor.

6.   Reauthorization to Engage in a Non-Binding "Smart Cities Alliance
     Agreement" with the City of Heidelberg, Germany, and Direction on
     Exploring Future "Smart City" Alliance.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

7.   Colleague's Memo From Vice Mayor Shepherd, Council Members
     Berman, Holman, and Price Regarding the Building Code and Stalled
     Construction.

Gil Woolley lived adjacent to an unfinished construction project.            He
supported the Colleague's Memo.
                                                                      Page 3 of 13
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 9/23/13
