                    MINUTES
the problem was escalating. The PCC also discussed strengthening the role
of the Local Policymaker Working Group. The San Francisquito Creek Joint
Power Authority (JPA) held its retreat, where it discussed a funding gap and
regulatory agency review of the 101 to Bay Project. The JPA and the
executives of participating agencies made significant progress with respect
to funding. The JPA continued to work on environmental agency review.

Vice Mayor Shepherd attended the Public Officials lunch where she received
information regarding Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) updates. She
learned that San Jose had its own guidelines for traffic, and she wanted to
understand the reasons for San Jose being allowed to utilize a different
model for traffic impacts.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Steve Eittreim felt undergrounding Caltrain would enhance the City and
Peninsula. The City's study of undergrounding would provide approximate
costs for undergrounding. A deep tunnel was a more viable option to
undergrounding. After deep discussion, the community could support a
bond measure to underground the rail line.

Cheryl Lilienstein, President of Palo Altans to Preserve Neighborhood Zoning,
announced the political action committee changed its name to Palo Altans for
Sensible Zoning. Residents objected to the City's orientation towards dense
projects that worsened traffic and parking problems.

Tom DuBois, Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning, advocated for database
decisions and systems to provide data. He supported implementation of a
business registry to measure the daytime working population. Technology
could be utilized to provide valid, real-time, continuous, and ongoing data to
facilitate better decision making.

Stephanie Munoz indicated residents wanted less density. The density of the
Maybell Avenue Project was the important consideration for residents.
Zoning was not necessarily the most desirable means to achieving low
density. The Council should recognize that Buena Vista Mobile Home Park
should be zoned trailer park.

Adina Levin reported the Caltrain spokesperson confirmed Caltrain made an
offer for additional cars that would increase the number of cars on the bullet
train. The conflict in data with respect to traffic could indicate that the
intersections were the cause of congestion. She hoped the Council would
discuss findings from the pending traffic study. She suggested traffic studies
count pedestrians, cyclists, and transit users in addition to cars.
                                                                         Page 14 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Minutes: 12/9/13
