                       WORKING MINUTES
Council Member Holman would accept the change if "in a meaningful way"
was added after Commission.

REVISED AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Burt to refer Agenda Item 16 to the Human Relations
Commission and that their involvement travel in parallel and in coordination
with the task force. The Council also directed the Policy and Services
Committee to engage the Human Relations Commission in a meaningful way
in relation to the Staff recommendation Item Numbers 1, 2, 3 and 5.

Council Member Klein did not support the Amendment because the language
was vague. A referral to the HRC would add delay and they did not need a
referral; they could have requested discussion of the issue. He was more
concerned with the process moving forward.

Ms. Antil noted the Vice Chair of the HRC as an individual attended the Task
Force meeting.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag added that Mr. Bachetti was a member of the
community working group.

Mayor Scharff opposed the Amendment. The Policy and Services Committee
struggled with and carefully considered the topic. Council Members reached
out to many organizations and groups. Referring the issue to the HRC would
delay the process. The Policy and Services Committee crafted a proposal to
help the homeless and to handle the situation in a compassionate manner.

Vice Mayor Shepherd believed the topic should have been referred to the
HRC a few years ago. She inquired whether the HRC would update the
Human Services Needs Assessment from 2011.            She suggested the
Assessment provide more details regarding schools and school-age children.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag indicated the HRC performed some portion of a needs
assessment as part of Human Service Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP)
funding. The HRC was studying key areas from the Needs Assessment.

Vice Mayor Shepherd relied on the Needs Assessment for information and
perspective.

Council Member Price agreed with the concept of the Amendment; however,
she would not support it. The Council should revisit the topic in the future.
There were many reasons homelessness was not referred to the HRC.
Members of the HRC as individuals could provide their observations
regarding any proposal.
                                                                          Page 22 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                       Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
