                              MINUTES
COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Price
to agendize for the Council meeting of June 10, 2013 the scheduling of a
Council meeting on Monday, June 24, 2013.

James Keene, City Manager, noted that meeting effectiveness was scheduled
for discussion at the Retreat on June 13, 2013.

Mayor Scharff inquired whether Council Member Klein wished to discuss
scheduling a meeting on June 24 at the Retreat.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff would need as much time as possible
to prepare information and notices.

Mayor Scharff reported a Council Member could not agendize an item for a
specific date.

Mr. Keene indicated the June 4, 2013 Council Meeting included interviews in
the afternoon with a Closed Session at 7:00 P.M. regarding Cubberley. He
assumed there would not be an open session regarding Cubberley prior to
the Council Break.

Vice Mayor Shepherd and Council Member Kniss attended the Fiber to the
Premises conference in Kansas City.

Council Member Schmid attended the Santa Clara County Council on Aging
meeting. The Council on Aging was losing approximately $500,000 in
Federal funding because of sequestration. Aging citizens, veterans and
disabled citizens would be serviced by the same group.

Council Member Burt noted six Action Items were proposed for the June 10,
2013 Council meeting, and questioned whether the Council could accomplish
all those items.

Council Member Price attended the Santa Clara County Mental Health Board
awards luncheon the prior week. A program of crisis intervention training
for police officers received the Program Hero Award.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 11:36 P.M.




                                                                         Page 35 of 35
                                                          City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/03/13
