                               MINUTES
14.   Council Discussion of the Cubberley Community Advisory Report and
      Guidance Regarding Negotiations Related to the Cubberley Lease and
      Covenant Not to Develop

James Keene, City Manager, noted the Council had requested the Cubberley
Community Advisory Report be agendized for a public discussion with a later
Closed Session on May 20, 2013 to discuss the Cubberley Lease and
Covenant Not to Develop. This was the first independent meeting the Council
had in response to the recommendations from the Cubberley Community
Advisory Committee (CCAC). He read a summary from the report indicated
there were two types of recommendations; the first was specific near term
decisions that were required as essential components of the long term
solutions that would serve the best interest of the entire community, and the
second were decisions identified as critical steps down a path which would
enable the community to ultimately achieve a solution. The Council’s
conclusion whether the covenant and lease not to develop were considered
one of the near term decisions. Under the terms of the current lease
agreement the Council would need to make the decision by the end of the
2013 calendar year. Staff urged Council to proceed on the issue of setting
the process to determine whether the City would renew the lease or modify
the terms.

Robert Moss agreed with the recommendations by the CCAC. One
recommendation was the extension of the lease for five years; he
recommended the Council consider 10 years. Although he agreed with the
City maintaining the 8-acres they owned he disagreed with changing the 8-
acres to a new location.

Stephanie Munoz proposed teacher housing with meeting space on the
Cubberley property.

Jim Schmidt urged the Council not to renew the lease. He agreed with the
Parks and Recreation recommendation to utilize the funds expended on the
lease and use them for alternative uses to benefit the community. He
suggested any future agreements between the City and the Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD) be simplified.

Sheri Furman stated the PAUSD may not need the Cubberley site for nearly
20-years the Palo Alto community should not need to wait that long for a
community center. She felt the City should maintain the 8-acres and a land
swap may achieve the end results. She did not believe continuing to pay for
upgrades was a sufficient use of City funds on a building that was to be torn
down.

                                                                       Page 12 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 5/13/13
