                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired about the status of funding for the
Charleston/Arastradero Project.

Mr. Eggleston indicated the Project was the most complicated. The City
received a $450,000 grant, and budgeted $250,000 for design from the
Capital Improvement Program (CIP) Budget. The City applied for three
grants for which no information was available.

Council Member Holman asked how much funding was in place, assuming
the City received the additional three grants.

Mr. Eggleston reported the City needed approximately $2.1 million to reach
the $10 million total cost of the Project, assuming the City was awarded the
three grants.

Council Member Holman would support the Amendment.

Council Member Price felt it was premature to remove the Project, and would
not support the Amendment.

Council Member Berman clarified that the Amendment was to remove only
the language in parentheses; Streets would remain on the list.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Klein, Price, Schmid no

Council Member Holman inquired about the factors that would determine the
projects placed on a potential ballot.

Mr. Metz explained that statistical theory said a random sample could speak
to the opinions of a larger population with a known margin of error that was
independent of the size of the population. A sample of 400 people in Palo
Alto would have a 5 percent margin of error.           Public input, funding,
priorities, and other factors would contribute to the Council's decision-
making process.

Council Member Holman       inquired   whether   the   Committee    discussed
undergrounding utilities.

Council Member Klein reported the Committee felt undergrounding was not a
viable project; therefore, polling was not needed.            In addition,
undergrounding was a Utilities item as opposed to a General Fund item.

Council Member Holman was confused by the information presented on
Packet page 693 regarding the Animal Services Center.
                                                                       Page 29 of 32
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/18/13
