                    MINUTES
thirds support, FM3 did not believe further research was merited until the
Council determined a concrete plan for testing. Both a transportation bond
and a sales tax increase seemed to have viability in the poll; however, they
also showed highly fluid support. Given the different ways the measures
could be constructed and the different kinds of information that could be
provided to voters about impacts, FM3 felt additional research could be
helpful. The survey did not test another ballot measure that the City was
considering, a Utility Users Tax (UUT) modernization measure. Based on the
fact that the vast majority of UUT measures won approval, FM3 did not test
a UUT measure in the current survey. FM3 could certainly test it as context
for other ballot measures if the City conducted an additional refinement
survey. Placing multiple measures on a ballot at the same time could impact
public support. Because a TOT increase was a distinct funding mechanism
and seemed to have the most robust and durable support throughout the
survey, it might bear having a second measure on the ballot at the same
time. Support for the other four measures seemed to be fluid enough and
seemed to decrease when voters heard them in the context of additional
measures led FM3 to recommend that those measures only be placed on the
ballot one at a time.

Sheila Tucker, Assistant to the City Manager, noted both a TOT measure and
a sales tax measure could be structured as either a general or a special tax.
For a general tax, the City could pass an expenditure plan that would state
the intent for using those funds. Prior discussions covered total project
costs of $180 million, currently available resources, total expected ongoing
revenues, and total potential ongoing rental revenues.         Depending on
Council action, Staff anticipated returning in January 2014 with a
communication plan and strategy. If the Council wished, a Phase 2 survey
could be conducted January 2014 with recommendations provided to the
Infrastructure Committee and the Council in February 2014. Outreach could
occur in March and April 2014.           Staff anticipated mailing the first
informational brochure in May 2014 and conducting a final tracking survey
towards the end of May 2014. In June 2014, the Council could review the
final survey results and make a final decision on whether to place a measure
on the November 2014 ballot. If the Council chose to refer the item to the
Infrastructure Committee, then the schedule would be delayed
approximately one month, which would condense the time for
communication and outreach.         If the Council wished to proceed with
additional work on a TOT measure, then no additional survey was
recommended and Staff would begin developing a communication and
outreach plan for a TOT measure. A final decision with respect to placing a
measure on the November 2014 ballot would be made later in 2014. At
some point, the Council would need to consider a 2 percent or 3 percent TOT
increase. If the Council wished to conduct a follow-up survey on a sales tax
                                                                        Page 19 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
