                               MINUTES

Council Member Klein mentioned the format of the Retreat Agenda was
driven by the frustrations at the recent past Retreats. There was not prior
preparation or extensive thought on the part of the Council Member;
therefore, the end result of the Retreat was unclear as to what the priorities
were. He mentioned an e-mail received defining the difference between a
mandatory and discretionary priority. He acknowledged other cities
performed their retreats differently than Palo Alto but the goal of Palo Alto
was to set the priorities for the upcoming year rather than selecting pet
projects.

Council Member Holman noted there was a goal of three priorities but it was
simply a goal and not a requirement to limit it to three. She said the set
timeframe of 30 minutes per potential priority but there were a number of
action points under each potential priority and she believed that was not
ample time for a clear discussion. She asked if the action items would return
to Council for vetting at a later time.

Mr. Keene said the timelines on the agenda were estimates so it was
possible the Council could schedule more than 30 minutes per item. The
discussion of the action items within the category had two purposes; to
assist in informing what the meaning was and to receive as much definition
from the Council as early as possible for the accomplished action steps. He
acknowledged there were more action steps per category than had been
identified because there are micro steps that occur as the progress moved
forward.

Council Member Holman believed it would be beneficial to build in the
opportunity for further discussion on the priorities as they were agreed upon
and whether or not they remain priorities during the year.

Vice Mayor Shepherd recalled the angst previously felt on how the retreat
was run and was pleased at how the Retreat was now meaningful and
purposeful with thoughtful and strategic motions for setting priorities. She
appreciated the Core Value and Guiding Principles concept and the goal of
mixing them as Core Principles or Guiding Values. She suggested adding
Civic Engagement as one of the Core Values for the City.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to refer to the Finance Committee consideration of dedicating certain
revenue streams to certain infrastructure projects to be heard during
Finance Committee budget hearings.


                                                                         Page 9 of 17
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                             Minutes:
