                    MINUTES
charging stations would incentivize use of vehicles rather than bikes or
walking.

Public Hearing closed at 9:36 P.M.

Council Member Kniss noted the Committee discussed the raceway. If
necessary the Ordinance could be amended regarding installation of a
raceway.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to adopt the Ordinance, along with the necessary findings to require that all
new construction of single family housing install the necessary circuitry for
EV chargers.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the website linked to an older version
of the proposed Ordinance. For public notice purposes, Staff wished to
summarize the proposed Ordinance.

Albert Yang, Deputy City Attorney, indicated the correct proposed Ordinance
required a 50 amp circuit and a raceway sufficient to accommodate a 100
amp circuit.

Council Member Kniss requested Staff review the requirement of a raceway.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the public should be allowed to speak
regarding the correct proposed Ordinance.

Ms. Stump suggested the two versions were sufficiently similar not to
require additional public comment.

Mayor Scharff would allow public speakers additional comment.

Sven Thesen preferred the Ordinance require a 240 volt wire rated at 100
amps, a panel rated at 50 amps, and installation of a receptacle, but not
require a raceway.

Council Member Burt inquired about the process for revising the proposed
Ordinance.

Ms. Stump explained that minor amendments could be presented at a
second reading. In the packet for the second reading, the Clerk's Office
would include a short report providing the changes and the new version of
the Ordinance. If significant changes required additional public notice, she

                                                                        Page 26 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Minutes: 12/9/13
