                                MINUTES

Molly Stump, City Attorney, explained the Political Reform Act prohibited
government officials from participating in or seeking to influence any
governmental decision in which they had a financial interest. When a public
official had a conflict under the Political Reform Act, he must recuse himself
from any participation in the decision. Under the Political Reform Act, any
interest, both ownership and leasehold longer than 30 days, in real property
valued at more than $2,000 presented a conflict of interest.               Any
governmental decision within 500 feet of a real property interest presented a
conflict. A number of Council Members and key Staff held real property
interests in or near the Downtown area. Citizens, developers, and interested
community members were not barred from talking to officials who could
have conflicts. Officials with conflicts could not participate in governmental
decisions even if everyone was confident the officials had the best interest of
the community in mind and were not engaging in self-dealing. Determining
Council Member and key Staff conflicts would be an iterative process as
issues related to Downtown parking and development were presented to the
Council. Specific proposals developed by Staff in the future were likely to
focus on particular properties and specific programs; therefore, Council
Members and key Staff not eligible for the current discussion might be
eligible for future discussions. All Council Members and key Staff could
participate in items (a)-(c) of the Agenda item. Council Members and key
Staff would need to recuse themselves for items (d)-(f), and those items
should be discussed separately to allow recusals.

Michael Hodos stated Downtown workers used neighborhoods for free
parking.    Downtown workers, businesses, and/or developers should
subsidize the cost of any RPPP. He urged the Council to direct Staff to
consider proposing a RPPP similar to Santa Cruz.

Neilson Buchanan suggested the Council provide the public with one week to
comment on Agenda Items. The Report did not include quality standards for
livability.

Marion Odell indicated the neighborhood parking situation was not new. Her
street was 100 percent saturated. The intersections crossing Everett Avenue
were dangerous for cars and cyclists.

Ken Alsman noted many areas in the map he provided were 100 percent
parked during the day. The approved development projects would result in
parking spreading into more neighborhoods.      Resources enjoyed by
Downtown businesses should be shared in order to resolve the parking
issues created by Downtown businesses.

                                                                          Page 8 of 32
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 3/18/13
