                               MINUTES
Council Member Schmid stated TDM programs were not new to Palo Alto.
Problems with TDM programs were methods to measure it, monitor it and
enforce it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER: to add at the end of “City Manager” Section B “including
the monitoring and enforcing of any TDM program.”

Council Member Schmid noted the Council earlier adopted a Vision
Statement for the Comprehensive Plan which included mixed use
development. Neither of the TDM program examples in the Colleague's
Memorandum were mixed-use areas.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to add at the end of “City Manager” Section B “any special
characteristics that may be relevant for a mixed-use district.”

Council Member Schmid commented that the Council discussed the
Downtown and California Avenue Districts as vibrant and attractive mixed-
use districts. A TDM program for a district had to engage with the varied
uses and patterns of transportation in the district. It was appropriate to
include the special characteristics of a mixed use area.

Council Member Holman felt the language was relevant in order to include
mixed-use districts and to demonstrate how a TDM program might be
different in those areas.

Council Member Klein commented that consideration of mixed-use areas
would be appropriate in a later discussion. The Motion was designed to
provide a high-level analysis considering many possibilities, with the Council
moving toward a more detailed position. The language implied that the
Council would not study other forms of districts. The Motion deliberately did
not suggest geographical boundaries for districts. This was not the time for
that level of detail.

Vice Mayor Shepherd indicated the Council would discuss uses as it
determined how to transition into transit management. To tie the Motion to
mixed-use districts meant the Council was reviewing zoning and Zoning
Codes. A discussion of uses would be appropriate once the Council was
more knowledgeable about the topic.

Council Member Burt believed the Amendment did not make the Motion too
specific as long as it did not state only mixed-use districts.

                                                                           Page 5 of 7
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/3/13
