                            MINUTES
Bonnie Packer, Palo Alto Housing Corporation Board Member, stated
development of the site with market rate homes would have a greater
impact on the neighborhood than the Project. Not approving the PC zone
would be a disservice to the neighborhood. Less dense affordable housing
was not feasible.

Julie Lythcott-Haims stated neighborhood concerns should not override the
greater good.

Cheryl Lilienstein suggested developers be charged a fee to subsidize public
transit and traffic improvements or be required to incorporate affordable
housing at suitable locations.

Kenneth Schulz supported senior housing and a higher density for the senior
housing. He questioned whether fewer but larger single family homes would
provide the same amount of money for PAHC as the proposed homes. The
proposed single family homes were not compatible with the neighborhood.

Yvonne Burtness reported 3,200 children traveled along Maybell Avenue
each morning on the way to school. She requested the site not be rezoned.

John Elman believed the root of the traffic problem on Maybell Avenue was
the narrowing of Arastradero Road. He suggested rezoning parts of El
Camino Real for a grocery store or a hardware store.

Jennifer Fryhling, speaking on behalf of a group, supported affordable
housing. PAHC said they could build 45 affordable senior units under
existing zoning at the site. The proposed single family homes were not
compatible with the neighborhood. The hypothetical alternative of 34 single
family homes was not unappealing. She questioned the accuracy of PAHC's
statement to the P&TC regarding car/bike accidents.

Scott Souter requested the Council delay voting on the Project until they
could receive accurate and additional information.        The Project would
exacerbate traffic congestion. Parking for the Project was insufficient.

Mary Alice Thornton, League of Women Voters President, supported diverse
economic housing opportunities in Palo Alto, and urged the Council to
approve the Project. Providing high-quality low-cost housing was in the best
interests of the Palo Alto community.

Janet Negley requested that Council not rezone the site. She considered the
Project as a developer's project of which one small portion was senior
housing.   She thought the proposed single family homes were not


                                                                        Page 27 of 33
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 6/10/13
