                             MINUTES
parking deficit, and then attempt to change the parking intrusion into the
neighborhoods.

Mr. Williams stated the community needed additional parking supply, and
Staff wished to consider these parking structure solutions. Staff did not
expect to determine a total number of spaces needed until they matched the
parking structure study with the Development Cap Study. Performing the
study at the present time was timely. There could be an opportunity to
proceed with one or two sites knowing that additional parking supply was
needed.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the City Attorney had reviewed
the shared permit use.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff was considering technology solutions that
could allow shared permits. Staff would consult with bond counsel to
determine if shared permits could be implemented along with technology
solutions within garages.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the issue arose from the use of tax
exempt public bonds to build facilities. The use of tax exempt bonds
required public use of the resulting facility, and placed some limits on
allocating resources to private businesses. The City had to honor the IRS
limitations on the use of facilities built with tax exempt bonds.

Council Member Holman was not satisfied with Staff's previous responses
regarding the use of private parking garages.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether Staff had talked with other cities
about their parking solutions.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Staff discussed management of the existing permit
parking supply and technology with cities in the Bay area.

Council Member Kniss noted many cities had parking lots that indicated the
number and location of open spaces, and suggested that Staff consider the
technology for parking garages in Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid felt the starting point was the parking deficit. Other
sites in the Downtown area should be considered, and Staff should provide a
supplemental list of other options. The Development Cap Study would
determine today's parking needs as well as thinking for the future. Inclusion
of the Urban Lane Lot opened the wider issue of parking studies for other
areas. Staff should examine alternate means for funding parking structures.
                                                                           Page 14 of 20
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 5/20/13
