                                MINUTES
Ms. Shen reported the City held two employee forums, open to all benefited
employees, to present information about current benefits and total
compensation, and to gather feedback. Participants discussed benefits,
voted on benefits important to employees, and prioritized benefits.

Mr. Keene stated the voting was not statistically significant, and could not be
used to draw conclusions. The discussion was simply a way to engage
employees about the relative importance of benefits.

Ms. Shen noted employees overwhelmingly supported the retirement
program and post-retirement health benefits.

Mr. Keene said the report and any Council action would be reported on the
Staff intranet.

Ms. Shen reported there were two kinds of retirement plans; defined benefit
plans and defined contribution plans. If employees did not contribute the
maximum amount annually, they would not be able to retire comfortably on
that pension amount even with Social Security benefits. A defined benefit
plan, such as the CalPERS plan, specified the amount of pension benefits to
be provided at a future date. A CalPERS allowance was calculated on three
factors: 1) service credit, 2) benefit factor, and 3) final compensation. Staff
had just learned of a CalPERS Circular Memo that listed the types of special
pay that would probably be included in compensation.

Marcie Scott, Senior Human Relations Administrator explained the City had
two pension tiers. For Non-Safety Employees, the 2.7 percent at age 55
formula went into effect in 2007 and covered more than 600 employees. In
2010, the Council established a new tier of 2 percent at age 60, which
covered 133 employees hired after July 2010. Established under PEPRA, the
2 percent at age 62 formula covered one employee. For Public Safety
Employees, the 3 percent at age 50 formula covered 174 employees and
was established for Fire Employees in late 2001 and for Police Employees in
2002. The new tier of 3 percent at age 55 became effective in June 2012 for
Fire Employees and December 2012 for Police Employees. The third tier,
established by PEPRA, was 2.7 percent at age 57. The City did not have any
Public Safety Employees covered by the third tier.

Ms. Shen indicated the highest benefit factor for all plans went above the
formula, such that retirement income could exceed previous salary income.
The City could not change the benefit schedules. PEPRA applied mainly to
new employees, defined as employees who had never worked in a California
public agency or who had a six-month break in service. Classic employees
who transferred to Palo Alto from another agency might get a lesser
                                                                         Page 11 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                              Minutes:
