                               MINUTES
Mr. Keene noted salary increases for the management and professional
group would be presented through annual amendments to the Professional
and Management Compensation Plan.

Council Member Klein recalled that SEIU negotiations were utilized to set
management compensation.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council not follow that practice for FY 2014.

Mayor Scharff expressed dismay that a 2 percent increase was
recommended in that it was a terrible negotiating strategy. The City had to
negotiate the package as well as salary. He would agree to decouple
management and professional group compensation from SEIU. The salary
increase had to be negotiated with SEIU before it was included in the
Budget.

Council Member Price would not support the Motion, and asked when the last
salary adjustment for SEIU employees was.

Mr. Perez reported a true salary increase was made in July 2008; however,
the increase was offset by an increase in the pension contribution.

Council Member Price stated without a salary adjustment the purchasing
power of take-home pay decreased over time. As a group, some of the
City's lowest paid employees were SEIU members.

Council Member Holman agreed with Council Member Klein and Mayor
Scharff's comments.

Mr. Keene explained that Staff did not expect to negotiate a one-year
contract; however, the recommendation was for funding equivalent to one
year of salary adjustment. It provided flexibility for negotiations.

Council Member Burt would support the Motion, but did not agree with
comments that the recommendation was illogical.

Vice Mayor Shepherd wanted to know how removal of the 2 percent increase
would affect the overall Budget. It would be wise to allocate funds for
potential salary or payroll expense increases.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Price, Schmid no



                                                                          Page 25 of 35
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/03/13
