time for Palo Alto to take the modest step of extending its Percent for Art
policy to private developments and to provide for a dedicated source for
maintenance and administration of our public art collection. Palo Alto as a
great City deserves great art.

Lastly, in thinking about Downtown and California Avenue, we need to focus
on quality of life issues. What makes being in these areas worthwhile, fun,
enjoyable, more healthy and entertaining?         What detracts from the
experience? How do we make the quality of life experience better? One
way is to ban smoking in our downtown business district parks. To ensure a
safe healthy environment for our children and ourselves Council will initially
consider a ban on smoking in three business district parks (Lytton, Cogswell,
and Sarah Wallis) and consider exploring a much broader ban on smoking in
all parks and open space in Palo Alto.

Palo Alto has fallen behind other cities in restricting smoking. Second hand
smoke, as everyone knows, not only is a huge quality of life issue, it kills
you. Recently, Palo Alto received a D for its policies on smoking and tobacco
from the American Lung Association. Once Palo Alto was a leader in this
area. We need to look hard at our current policies and once again regain
leadership in this area.

2. Infrastructure Strategy and Funding

For the past several years, the City Council has placed its aging
infrastructure and the need to invest in the City’s future among its top
priorities. In 2011, the City’s 17-member Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission (IBRC) released its findings and recommendations for meeting
the challenges and improving the City’s extensive infrastructure inventory.
In response, 2012 was declared the “year of infrastructure renewal and
investment,” and the City Council held four retreats to focus on the IBRC’s
recommendations. In line with those recommendations, an additional $2.2
million was added to the annual funding for the Capital Improvement
Program to ensure that the City would not fall further behind in maintaining
its infrastructure assets. In the next few weeks, the Council will be allocating
that additional funding to specific important projects across our city. The
IBRC’s work continues to inform our infrastructure efforts.

With an infrastructure backlog and ongoing needs of over $300 million, the
City is focusing efforts on the important task of identifying long-term
revenue sources to renew the City’s physical assets. Council has adopted a
plan and high level schedule of the work to be completed over the next two
years to evaluate whether an infrastructure finance measure should be
placed on the ballot. Reflecting the importance of this planning, Council has


                                       6
