                         WORKING MINUTES
Mr. De Geus reported showers would close effective August 31, 2013. Staff
informed homeless individuals of the closure and provided support and
directions to the Opportunity Center.

Council Member Burt noted the increased police presence at Cubberley and
the steps of shutting off electricity and Wi-Fi. He asked which of those steps
were within Staff discretion and requested a timeline for implementation of
those steps.

Mr. De Geus reported all those steps were Staff actions, and Council
direction was not necessary. Those actions would occur immediately if they
had not already been implemented.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the situation improved once those
steps were taken.

Mr. De Geus indicated the shower situation had not changed.        There
appeared to be fewer homeless individuals on campus because of the police
presence.

Council Member Burt inquired about the coordination of actions taken at
Cubberley with the six-month implementation period of the Vehicle
Habitation Ordinance.

Pamela Antil, Assistant City Manager, reported enforcement of the Vehicle
Habitation Ordinance would continue with outreach efforts.        Closing
community center facilities should occur once the proposed Ordinance
became effective.

Council Member Burt asked if the proposed Ordinance would restrict after-
hours access to Cubberley, including vehicle access.

Ms. Antil replied yes.

Council Member Burt felt the Vehicle Habitation Ordinance would be
implemented in full at Cubberley once the Ordinance restricting hours at
community centers became effective.

Ms. Stump reported the two Ordinances were different in scope. The Vehicle
Habitation Ordinance was a City-wide Ordinance affecting habitation of
vehicles on all public roads.



                                                                           Page 18 of 24
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                        Working Minutes: August 19, 2013
