                                    MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez reported the specific recommendation was to increase the
cycle length. In this case the green light would be extended on Charleston
Road.

Council Member Schmid asked if 4 seconds would allow one car to clear the
intersection.

Mr. Rodriguez reported 7-8 seconds were allowed for the first movement and
4 seconds for every vehicle thereafter.

Council Member Schmid noted a traffic guard at the intersection could stop
traffic for children to cross the street. The true cost of the mitigation would
be the change to traffic. There were too many questions regarding the MND
for him to support the Motion.

Council Member Kniss felt the Zoning Compliance Table in Attachment C
summed up the kinds of decisions the Council was making. The zoning for
the project had been in place since the 1950s. The description of the project
as being in a downtown area was not correct in her opinion. The architect
for the project met the Council's interest in having setbacks to encourage
vitality. The explanation for allowing the project to exceed the height limit
was sufficient. The increase in FAR was small.

Council Member Holman asked why there were no impacts noted for the
intersection with Page Mill Road.

Mr. Daiso explained that the type of intersection and the number of phases
for the intersection were factors. In some instances, a small increase in
traffic would generate a large amount of delay at an intersection. In other
instances, a large increase in traffic would general a small amount of delay.
There was not a simple answer to Council Member Holman's question
because of the several factors that affected the intersection.

Council Member Holman proposed that the small increase in traffic would not
have a significant impact, as defined by CEQA, to the already congested
intersection.

Mr. Daiso followed standards of significance. Everyone agreed to utilize the
Congestion Management Program significant thresholds. For the intersection
at Page Mill Road, the impact had to reach an explicit set of criteria.

Council Member Holman liked the mix of uses, the retention and reuse of the
Equinox building, the amount of open space, and the upper-story setbacks.
She was challenged by the black-and-white elevations provided in the
packet.   She could not make findings with respect to transition and

                                                                         Page 20 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   November 18, 2013
