                                MINUTES
Mr. Arp indicated the EIR would begin in July 2014, and it would require
more than a year.

Mr. Bobel answered July 2014.

Council Member Holman inquired whether costs, proposal responses, and
impacts to ratepayers would be made available.

Mr. Bobel answered yes.

Council Member Berman asked how many times the City could request a
postponement of capping from the regulatory agency.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff would discuss the entire situation with the regulatory
agencies.    If a regulatory agency proposed a scenario Staff had not
considered, then Staff would have a larger discussion of that scenario.

Council Member Berman was interested in a precedent for approaching a
superior body or the Legislature should the regulatory agencies deny the
City's request. He inquired whether the City would need approval from
regulatory agencies for an ECF project.

Mr. Bobel replied yes.

Robert Moss reported the dump had not been unsealed for 80 years and was
not 80 years old. People voted to undedicate 10 acres of parkland and to
consider the feasibility and cost of a conversion system. Methane, a serious
greenhouse gas, did escape the containment system. He suggested the
Council support Option 2 to cap all 51 acres, and build a facility over the
capped area.

Peter Drekmeier stated the Council needed to ensure 10 acres were
available for the facility. Staff's recommendation would limit the project to 5
acres. A facility larger than 5 acres would add millions of dollars to the cost
and require a 20-foot retaining wall. The timeframe and plan for a facility
should be convincing to the regulatory agencies. If a postponement was
denied, then the Council should move to State agencies that wanted this
type of project. He encouraged the Council to direct Staff to pursue an
extension of the permit for 51 acres and investigate a possible appeal if
postponement was denied.

Gary Pett, Clean Coalition Project Manager opposed the Staff
recommendation, because it would add unnecessary costs to an ECF. Clean
Coalition encouraged a one-year postponement of capping.

01-14-2013                                                           112- 186
