first is our libraries, the second is a new public safety building, and the last
is the challenge of undergrounding our utilities.

Libraries
Later this year we will open the Mitchell Park Library. Its delay has been
very unfortunate.        However, rest assured that the City has focused
throughout the process on insuring the contractors involved are delivering a
quality facility that the community can be proud for generations to come.

Construction of the 3-building Mitchell Park Library and Community Center is
now 75 % complete, with the interior sheet rocking and ceiling installation
underway. At 56,000 square feet, this is the City’s largest construction
project in over 4 decades, and is on–track to achieve at least gold level LEED
certification as an environmentally friendly building, minimizing energy and
water consumption. It will become the City’s largest library, and provide an
important Community Center, not only for South Palo Alto, but also for the
entire City.

I am very pleased and proud of our community and happy to announce that
the Palo Alto Library Foundation has just completed its $4 million fundraising
campaign! This is a terrific accomplishment and one we can all be proud of
as a Community. However, you can still contribute to making our libraries
even better. Gifts that are made by December 31st of $5,000 or more will
be reflected on the permanent donor walls at the Downtown, Mitchell Park,
and Main libraries.

Community support came from hundreds of donors in amounts ranging from
as small as $25 to $1.5 million. It is designated for the furniture,
technology, books and electronic resources at all of the three libraries
covered by Measure N. The Downtown Library renovation is complete,
Mitchell Park will be completed this year, and the Main library renovation and
expansion will start this year with Main re-opening next year. The Children’s
Library was completed in 2007 and College Terrace Library was completed in
2010.

Public Safety Building
When I ran for office I wasn’t convinced that this was where we should
invest scarce city resources or what we ask our citizens to pay for through
additional taxes. Over the last four years I have become convinced that we
need a new public safety building. Frankly, it doesn’t excite me. It’s like
knowing you need a new roof, but you put it off because it’s very expensive
and it doesn’t really feel like it’s improved your life.

However, our public safety building is functionally obsolescent and unsafe in


                                      11
