                                MINUTES

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve new streetlight and poles construction as outlined in
Option Two of the Staff Report: Option 2 includes removing and replacing
all existing street lights with new decorative street light poles and replacing
all underground conduits and wiring. A combination of standard-height
roadway height poles and pedestrian-scaled light standards would be used.
The total cost for this option is up $1,200,000 depending on whether the
existing street light spacing is maintained ($1,000,000) or narrowed to
better illuminate the street ($1,200,000). Staff believes the existing spacing
works best to meet the objectives of the improving sidewalk illumination but
additional poles may be required to ensure a consistent illumination so a
budget of up to $1,200,000 should be specified if this option is desired by
Council. This option includes elements for receptacles at all streetlight poles
to accommodate festive lighting or special event uses. Proposed decorative
street light standard types are provided in Attachment C.

Council Member Kniss preferred to retain the option for additional poles,
because Lighting was important for ambience and safety.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the poles could be placed so as
not to impact trees.

Mr. Rodriguez responded yes.

Council Member Holman asked if the existing spacing of poles would
eliminate dark spots.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the street and sidewalk would be illuminated fairly
well.

Council Member Schmid stated the Project met the vision statement of a
vibrant, active locale, and meshed with other projects in the neighborhood.
The City could meet the funding needs, because this Project was a priority.
The Project was key to drawing people into the area.

Council Member Berman understood the concern about increased costs;
however, the improvements added to the ambience of California Avenue.

Vice Mayor Shepherd expressed concerns that the Council was isolating the
district to California Avenue. She asked if lighting along Park Boulevard in
future projects would match lighting along California Avenue to create the
ambience of a district.


03-04-2013                                                           112- 365
