                          DRAFT MINUTES
Vice Mayor Shepherd understood funds would be received from the federal
government under ACA, and inquired whether CalPERS could access those
funds.

Ms. Salazar reported the Retirement Drug Subsidy (RDS) program was one
of the reasons why CalPERS was able to provide some sort of reprieve for
the employer, in that CalPERS was able to subsidize part of the cost. The
RDS and also the retiree healthcare reimbursement program would no
longer exist. At least from the retiree healthcare side, CalPERS chose not to
pursue the RDS program, and it was treating plans as Medicare Part D plans.
There would be no reprieve for employers in that area any longer. With
respect to the stop-loss plan for retiree healthcare programs, the assets that
had been assigned under the ACA were no longer there. The type of
reprieve that employers experienced in the past would not be available going
forward.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired how that would affect rates.

Ms. Salazar stated potentially the rates would increase.

Vice Mayor Shepherd asked if the lack of a reprieve was part of the reason
for rate increases.

Ms. Salazar answered yes.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether CalPERS was considering the plans as
Medicare plans.

Ms. Salazar responded yes. CalPERS chose to become a Medicare Part D
provider, so the reprieve was no longer built into premiums. CalPERS was
using a different strategy because of the tax impact on benefits.

Vice Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the the pool of public employees was
decreasing.

Ms. Salazar reported CalPERS had seen an increase in retiree headcount.
That was conducive to a reduction in premium rates.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated the pool remained at the same level.

Ms. Salazar agreed. The issue was the transition from those who were
contributing to those who were receiving. For someone under the age of 65
and not entitled to Medicare, the delivery of care to that individual tended to
be 3:1. It cost three times more to pay for the care of that early retiree
                                                                           Page 5 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 2/4/13
