                             MINUTES
Fred Balin spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7. He recalled the history
of his appeal of the project and the Council's action. Residents were
amassing baseline data of traffic and would have a valid determination of
traffic impacts from the project.

Christopher Woothman, Stanford University Project Manager, spoke
regarding Agenda Item Number 7. Stanford University staff remained
sensitive to residents' concerns; however, the project was in compliance
with mitigation measures.

Council Member Burt understood that the cell tower in Agenda Item Number
13 would become a co-location facility after approval of the project and that
the Council would have CUP discretionary approval of subsequent co-located
functions. He inquired about the Council's discretionary authority.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported a new Federal
regulation would govern co-locations, but it was currently not in effect. The
regulation would allow the City to regulate the aesthetic impact of a co-
location. Because the application was filed prior to the regulation taking
effect, the City required the condition that the applicant would go through a
full CUP process in order to co-locate functions at that particular site.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the full CUP would apply even with
the new regulation.

Ms. Silver replied yes.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council had full discretion regarding the
type of rezoning and if the Council could make that known at the
prescreening concerning Agenda Item Number 10.

Ms. Silver advised that the Council had full authority to weigh in at the
prescreening.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, added
that the prescreening section of the Code indicated nothing that transpired
at that hearing would be binding. The Council would be free to offer
opinions, ideas, insights, and questions at that time; however, those
comments would not be binding on any final decision on the proposal.

Council Member Holman remarked that the City Attorney's responses
regarding Agenda Item Number 13 made her feel more comfortable with
approving the CUP. Agenda Item Number 10 was listed as a prescreening
for proposed rezoning, but the recommendation indicated a preliminary
review of the proposed project. She asked if the item would be on Consent.

12/15/2014                                                            116- 239
