                             MINUTES
Valerie Fong, Utilities Director, answered yes. The fine was $100 per day
per infraction. Staff was working on an application to notify the City of
water waste.

Council Member Scharff believed the measure was timely. Staff was
prepared with both the phone number and new application.

Council Member Holman seemed to recall reading that Palo Alto had reduced
water usage by 17 percent; however, Staff stated the amount was 13
percent.

Mr. Procos recalled in August 2014 Staff indicated Palo Alto achieved a 17
percent decrease in water usage for July 2014. The percentage would likely
increase to 14-16 percent once metering issues were resolved.

Council Member Holman felt it was premature to hire an enforcement officer
at the current time, because restrictions had been effective for slightly more
than a month. Residents could track water usage through their home
reports. The mention of hiring personnel for water enforcement was buried
in the Staff Report.

Ms. Fong explained that Staff was requesting an additional part-time hourly
resource to help maintain the program. The program was new, and Staff
was working to implement it.

Council Member Holman stated there was a difference between someone to
maintain the program and someone to enforce violations.

Ms. Fong clarified that Staff sought a coordinator for the program, rather
than an enforcement officer.

Council Member Price would support resources for a coordinator position.
Continuing on a complaint basis was not as effective as enforcing violations.

Council Member Berman inquired about possible reasons for increased water
usage in March-April 2014.

Mr. Procos had no analysis of that.      One possible explanation was the
beginning of the irrigation season.

Council Member Berman noted efforts for residents to move from grass to
drought-tolerant landscape. He requested information regarding the
landscape rebate program.

Catherine Elvert, Utilities Communications Manager, worked with the Santa
Clara Valley Water District regarding water conservation programs. The
                                                                        Page 16 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
