                      FINAL MINUTES

Council Member Scharff did not want any additional buildings that loomed
over the street and did not want to wait two years to institute a new rule to
that effect. He inquired about a Motion to achieve that result.

Ms. French explained that the current Ordinance eliminated the build-to line
for every other thoroughfare in the City. The build-to line would only apply
to El Camino Real.

Council Member Scharff asked if a Motion to defer the conversation and to
eliminate the build-to line outside of El Camino Real would be a logical and
targeted approach.

Ms. Gitelman commented that any small change resulted in a complicated
conversation. Staff could make only the change to the build-to line.

Council Member Scharff stated the Council could determine whether a new
rule was logical when Staff made a recommendation.

Council Member Burt referred to the bottom of packet page 528 regarding a
minimum 9 foot effective sidewalk and packet page 531 regarding columns 9
feet from the curb. He was confused by the 12 foot sidewalk and columns 9
feet from the curb.

Ms. French reported that the ARB discussed a retail storefront having a 9
foot setback from the curb as not the worst possible outcome. That was not
in the Ordinance.

Council Member Burt indicated the Staff Report did not make the distinction
of retail.

Ms. French advised that the discussion about the 9 foot distance from the
curb to the columns was to allow something like an arcade.

Council Member Burt understood the arcade concept included 18 feet.

Ms. French explained that the distance from curb to column was 9 feet and
then the ground floor was set back approximately 9 feet from columns. The
upper floor would protrude forward and be 9 feet from the curb.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the additional setback beyond 12 feet
was mandated as a sidewalk for pedestrians or for other purposes.


                                                                          Page 15 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
