                      FINAL MINUTES
and evaluation criteria for a Request for Proposals (RFP) from qualified
design firms for design, environmental review, and preparation of
construction cost estimates of a publicly-financed parking garage on Parking
Lot D (Hamilton/Waverly) and alternatively Lot G (Gilman/Waverly).

Council Member Klein did not favor the two public-private proposals,
because of the requirement for paid parking and the high risk of Mr.
Kleiman's proposal. He supported a retail component in parking garages;
however, the City should retain control of it. The RPP Program would
increase the demand for parking spaces; therefore, delaying a potential
parking garage for six months would be unwise. If Measure B failed, the
Council would proceed with a modified Infrastructure Funding Plan.
Constructing a parking garage would not subsidize businesses. The Council
had not adequately explored the possibility of renting existing spaces from
Downtown property owners.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Klein would include
ground-floor retail for a parking garage.

Council Member Klein responded yes.

Ms. Gitelman asked if Council Member Klein wished to include Lot G as well
as Lot D in the Motion.

Council Member Klein wanted to include Lot E.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Lot G was the Council's second choice to Lot D.

Council Member Klein did not want to change the Council's previous
comments.

Ms. Gitelman reported Lot G was located at the farmers market. Lot E was
slightly smaller. Lot G was rated higher in the constructability analysis.
Council Member Holman raised concerns about Lot E. Staff could include
either Lot G or Lot E as the second choice, knowing that Lot D was the
Council's preference.

Council Member Klein agreed to Lot G.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff prepare designs for a basic garage and for
a garage with a retail component.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff was requesting direction to return with a scope
of work and evaluation criteria that would include the possibility of ground-
floor retail.

                                                                         Page 27 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/20/14
