                     FINAL MINUTES
Ms. Stump replied yes.

James Keene, City Manager, requested a reason for removing the item.

Mayor Shepherd understood an explanation could be provided after the item
was removed.

Ms. Stump clarified that some information could be provided.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Scharff could address his
reasons.

Ms. Stump indicated he could if the Mayor agreed.

Council Member Scharff explained that Council Member Holman did not
attend the Finance Committee meeting and had concerns. The Council could
be spending money on an item it no longer wished to support. The Council
should understand the reasons for doing this.

Ms. Stump advised that the Mayor could schedule the item for discussion
within the current meeting or for a future meeting if Staff was not present.

Mr. Keene requested advance warning if an item would be removed from the
Consent Calendar in order for Staff to be present. Agenda Item Number 5
addressed reappropriation requests that allow Staff to continue working and
funding projects. The item contained many reappropriations. The item
reappropriated funding as a policy decision, but did not authorize Staff to
spend funds. He recommended the Council separate items of concern so
that remaining items could proceed.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Holman was concerned
about the Animal Services Center and capital improvements.

Council Member Holman wished to address the portion concerning the MSC
and Animal Services Center.

Council Member Scharff requested the City Attorney advice whether the
Council could separate the two items and pass the remaining ones.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Council could separate the items as Agenda
Item Number 5 had been removed from the Consent Calendar.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve Agenda Item Number 5 except Fund Number 471-
Municipal Services Center Facilities Study.

                                                                           Page 10 of 35
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/20/14
