                           MINUTES

ACTION ITEMS

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9411 entitled “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Approving the Proposed Fiscal Year 2015
      Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Funding Allocation and
      the 2015 Draft Action Plan.”

Consuelo Hernandez, Senior Planner reported the City received funding from
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) annually as
an entitled city under the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
program. To be eligible for funding, the City had to prepare a five-year
strategic plan, referred to as a consolidated plan, and a one-year action
plan. The City was experiencing a 7.1 percent reduction in funds; however,
the budget was comprised of entitlement funds, program income, and prior
year resources. Funds were allocated to five categories: Public Service,
Planning and Administration, Economic Development, Housing, and Public
Facilities. The Federal statute placed two spending caps on Public Service
activities and Planning and Administration. Public Service activities were
similar to those funded under the Human Services Resource Allocation
Process (HSRAP).       For Fiscal Year (FY) 2015, the spending cap was
$95,320. The Human Relations Commission (HRC) and Finance Committee
agreed to fund the Opportunity Center and SRO Resident Support Services
program at a higher rate than other agencies, because they addressed
priority needs contained within the consolidated plan. Staff proposed to
fund Project Sentinel through Planning and Administration. For FY 2015,
$113,996 was proposed for Planning and Administration. Staff included a
request to fund a consultant contract to prepare the next five-year
consolidated plan and to analyze fair housing services.           Economic
Development activities did not have spending caps. Staff proposed to fund
both programs in Economic Development at the requested amounts. Staff
requested an additional $150,000 to fund the Microenterprise Assistance
Program (MAP).

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:55 P.M.

Council Member Scharff felt $150,000 was a great deal of money to fund six
MAP projects. Perhaps those funds would be better spent for other high-
impact projects.

Ms. Hernandez advised that the total budget was $150,000. Of that,
approximately $37,000 funded six projects. Approximately $35,000 would
be spent on personnel costs. The balance of funds would be carried forward
to the next fiscal year.

05/05/2014                                                        114- 576
