                     FINAL MINUTES

Lois Salo added that fracking used an incredible amount of water and could
cause earthquakes. The City should join other cities and counties in stating
that fracking was ecologically indefensible.

William Landgraf recalled Carl Guardino did not respond to Council Member
Burt's question regarding funds allocated to Caltrain from the 2000 tax
measure. He later learned that only 4 percent of $1.4 billion was allocated
to Caltrain. Council Members should receive finance and accounting training
in order to analyze such budgetary items.

Sven, Sophia and Genevieve Theissen suggested the Council send a letter to
the Obama Administration supporting and encouraging regulations for coal-
burning power plants. Genevieve wanted strong power plant regulations.
Sophia hoped Mr. Obama would oppose the pipeline.

Roberta Ahlquist advised that fracking utilized large amounts of water and
toxic chemicals and was an environmentally unsound practice.           She
advocated for a ban on fracking.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, reported solutions
were now available to prevent birds from colliding with glass structures.
Other cities had incorporated bird-safe building design into their review
processes.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Maria Makela spoke regarding Agenda Item Four. She was worried that the
proposed Pope-Chaucer Bridge would change the character of the
neighborhood. She did not want huge flood walls or trees removed. Other
solutions were retention ponds and diversion by culverts.

Fred Balin spoke regarding Agenda Item Seven. He indicated his appeal of
the Mayfield project concerned the Director's decision, and the scope of the
appeal extended beyond the Architectural Review Board (ARB) hearing. At a
recent Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) meeting, comments
indicated residents and the neighborhood association were satisfied with the
project. That was not the case. He trusted the Council would not allow any
parties to lobby it during the pendency of the appeal.

Sheri Furman spoke regarding Agenda Item Seven. She felt appeals should
be heard by the Council rather than placed on the Consent Calendar. She
suggested the Council refer the issue to the Policy and Services Committee.

                                                                          Page 3 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
