                     FINAL MINUTES
suggested the Motion also direct the HRC to identify a funding amount to
launch a rainy day fund for HSRAP funding.

Council Member Burt did not accept her proposal, because funding was the
role of the Finance Committee. The HRC's role was to review programs.

Council Member Holman indicated the Finance Committee did discuss
funding HSRAP in an amount equal to 1 percent of the City's total Budget.
As the numbers clearly indicated, over 12 years HSRAP funding had
declined.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood many of the HSRAP agencies received funding
from the County as well as the City of Palo Alto.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag added that most agencies had a wide portfolio of
funding.

Vice Mayor Kniss explained that while the City of Palo Alto reduced HSRAP
funding, the County also reduced funding for many of the same agencies.
The Proposed Budget for FY 2015 proposed withdrawing more than $2
million from reserves to balance the Budget. At a recent Finance Committee
meeting, Council Member Burt questioned the need to add 17 new personnel
when the City had reduced staff over several years. Withdrawing funds from
reserves in order to fund HSRAP seemed to deviate from the City's process.
This would set a new precedent and would alter the City's overall policy.
The correct time to consider additional funding for HSRAP would be in 2015.
She would not support the Motion but would consider increasing HSRAP
funding for FY 2016.

Council Member Schmid enthusiastically supported the Motion. Additional
funding for HSRAP was great. Directing the HRC to review needs was a sign
of the Council's confidence in the HRC. The homeless issue was exacerbated
by the Council placing restrictions on vehicle habitation and use of parks.
The Council established a public obligation to expend funds for training,
mental health, outreach, shelter, and food. This was an opportunity for the
HRC to help define the City's critical needs for the next cycle.

Council Member Klein would not support the Motion. He concurred with Vice
Mayor Kniss' statements. The process was flawed. The Council instituted a
two-year contract process with the concept that the approval of second year
funding would be pro forma. This was not good policy. Funding increases
for HSRAP should be more carefully considered. The $200,000 amount was
both a cap and a floor. The 1 percent test was interesting; however, no one
could determine its origins. Any number should be examined as to whether
it was an appropriate amount to spend on HSRAP beneficiaries. Since 2003
                                                                        Page 13 of 29
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
