                      DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Keene believed Ms. Stump was clarifying that the response would
indicate the Council would consider making a change.

Council Member Schmid preferred the list of donated property to be a list of
unutilized public property greater than 1 acre or significant easements as
part of the City's Parks and Open Space Master Plan to be updated
biannually.

Mr. Keene reported that practically not all properties fitting that description
would be relevant to the Parks and Recreation Master Plan.

Council Member Schmid agreed that property utilized by the Utilities or
Public Safety Departments would not be on a list of unutilized property.
Property that could be deemed surplus should be listed somewhere. That
would be one of the goals of the Parks Master Plan.

Mr. Keene reiterated that there could be hundreds of parcels of real property
for Staff to review.

Council Member Schmid assumed there were not hundreds of parcels
containing one or more acres. There could be a significant number, but not
hundreds.

Mr. Keene explained that Staff would have to assess every easement the
City owned to determine whether it contained more than one acre. Staff
could not complete that task by the following week.

Council Member Schmid believed the City Council should approve any
appraised value of property over $100,000.

Ms. Stump advised that the Council always approved any sale of property
because of existing law and procedure. An appraisal was performed by an
independent entity.

Council Member Schmid recalled a number of public comments indicated the
property was more valuable than the appraisal indicated. There was some
value to making public an appraised value.

Ms. Stump clarified that Council Member Schmid proposed making the
appraisal values public.

Mr. Keene agreed Staff could make that change. He acknowledged there
was discussion of some of the appraised values being absurd.

Ms. Stump noted City Staff did share that critical information with the
Council. State law allowed an appraisal of a potential real property
                                                                          Page 36 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
