                             MINUTES
Consent Calendar

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Council received an at-places
memorandum that indicated Item Number 12: Request to Bring Proposed
Changes in Development Impact Fees Directly Back to Council on December
15, 2014, would be presented on the Consent Calendar on December 15,
2014.

Council Member Schmid asked if that change required a Council vote.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported a separate vote was not necessary to
move Item Number 12. The Council should vote to take the item back.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated the Council could vote to remove Item
Number 12 from the Consent Calendar on December 15, 2014.

Council Member Holman noted the Finance Committee's Motion was not
included in the Staff Report.    The Finance Committee recommended
approval of Development Impact Fees. In 2015, the Finance Committee
could consider Development Impact Fees again.

Mayor Shepherd asked if discussion of the item was appropriate.

Ms. Stump advised that the proposed action was to place the item on the
Council's Agenda for December 15. The Council previously directed the
Finance Committee to address the issue. The Council would hear the
substantive item the following week.

Mr. Keene indicated he would include the Finance Committee's Motion in the
Staff Report for December 15.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that the topic before the Council was whether to
include Item Number 12 on the Consent Calendar.

Brian Spiers, Brian Spiers Development, spoke regarding Agenda Item
Number 10. Developers of College Terrace Centre decided to assign James
Smailey's lease to Miki Werness. A proposal and information would be
presented to the Council the following week.    A Restrictive Covenant
between College Terrace LLC and the City would allow the City to levy a
penalty of $2,000 per day.

William Ross spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10.                      Staff
Recommendation Numbers 2 and 4 were substantive amendments to the
underlying Planned Community (PC) Ordinance. A fine was not a public
benefit; the Council should require a letter of credit or a performance bond.


12/08/2014                                                             116- 203
