   2. Creating a new online-based BRC program through technology
      incorporated within the City’s existing Permit Management System.

   3. Developing/implementing an outreach and marketing plan including
      stakeholders from multiple types of businesses.

   4. Return to Council for approval of BRC ordinance and program
      implementation and launch by 12/31/14, including plan for initial
      enforcement.

   4a.Incorporate sample questions including: how employees get to work,
      where do employees not accommodated with onsite parking, park.

Phase Two
  5. Options for enhanced enforcement, including fiscal impacts, for Council
     consideration.

   6. An analysis of options to expand the BRC program to include
      businesses not occupying/planning to operate from commercial spaces
      within Palo Alto.


Council Member Holman felt it was important to utilize a business registry to
the best intentions of the Colleague's Memorandum.              The sample
questionnaire should include the types of data the Council wanted. The
business registry should not replace the U&O Certificate process.

Council Member Klein was surprised to read that as demand for commercial
spaces increased, the density of commercial space also increased generally.
He seemed to recall a study from the Planning Department indicated that
information could not be verified. A business registry was different from a
tax. Many business people's concerns were protected under Proposition 218.
The $413 fee needed review. It was illogical for a large employer to pay the
same fee as a small employer. The number that 3,000-5,000 businesses
had paid User Fees was nonsense. He hoped the business community would
agree to work with the City to build a business registry. The questions
Council Member Holman suggested for Item 4a would be onerous for many
employers to answer.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd
to eliminate the new 4a, “Incorporate sample questions including: how
employees get to work, where do employees not accommodated with onsite
parking, park.”

Mayor Shepherd shared Council Member Klein's concerns. Those types of
questions should be asked after a business registry was developed.


04/29/2014                                                           114- 540
