                             MINUTES
language may be usual in Ordinances from other cities; however, it made
her uncomfortable. Delaying that for some period of time would be a good
idea.

Council Member Scharff expressed concerned that the City could obtain
incorrect data by including "fake" businesses. In a hypothetical situation of
a syndicator owning 500 LLCs and being located in Palo Alto, he inquired
whether that syndicator would register 500 businesses or 1 business.

Mr. Fehrenbach advised that that was a question for the Council. From his
perspective, the intent of the Ordinance was to obtain information regarding
people in the buildings. Only one BRC would need to be associated with the
people in the building. The syndicator would supply information for the
employees as part of the questionnaire along with a list of all companies
associated with those employees.

Council Member Scharff advised that was not captured in the Ordinance.
The Council would need to include that in the Motion, but crafting the
language was difficult. He asked if the Council could direct Staff to propose
language for that situation.

Mr. Fehrenbach explained that Staff wanted to obtain a sense of the
Council's direction and then draft language for an Ordinance to be presented
to the Council for a first reading in October 2014.

Council Member Scharff wanted to obtain good information from the
Business Registry. He provided a hypothetical situation of an individual
operating a legitimate home-based business but utilizing a business address
of a commercial space. He assumed that situation would need to be
included in the Ordinance, but again he was unsure of the language needed
for that situation. The proposed Ordinance required business owners to
obtain a BRC prior to operating a business. It was more logical for people to
obtain a BRC after they began operations and knew the number of their
employees. He requested the rationale for not requiring a business to obtain
a BRC 30 or 45 days after opening.

Mr. Fehrenbach clarified that the intent was to make the business
knowledgeable about the program and to obtain basic information about the
business during the tenant improvement permitting process.

Council Member Scharff asked if there were any disadvantages to requiring a
business to obtain a BRC 30 days after beginning operations.


                                                                       Page 12 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
