                        Action Minutes
Action Items

19.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9468 entitled “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Adopting the 2015-2023 Housing Element of
      the Comprehensive Plan and Associated Mitigated Negative Declaration
      and Mitigation Monitoring Program.”

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to    adopt the Resolution adopting: 1) the Mitigated Negative
Declaration, 2) the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program, and 3) the
Revised 2015-2023 Housing Element Update Public Review Draft as the
Housing Element of the City’s Comprehensive Plan.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

20.   Approval of Letter of Intent for Construction and Operation of the New
      Junior Museum and Zoo Building by the Friends of the Junior Museum
      and Zoo in 2019.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to adopt Staff recommendations to: 1) approve a Letter of Intent
by which the City and the Friends of the Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo
(JMZ) will collaborate to develop agreements for the building of a new and
enhanced Junior Museum and Zoo facility, and the operation of the new
facility for up to 40 years. Approval of the guiding negotiation principles,
noted      below: Staff is requesting Council’s direction to staff to negotiate
these agreements with the following guiding negotiation principles in mind:
  1. Delineate methods for appropriate public and City input to programs
       and services;
  2. Oversight and cooperation of the construction project;
  3. Establish a long-term structure for financial and programmatic
       oversight of the operations;
  4. Stabilize and reduce long-term the City’s financial support for the JMZ’s
       operation;
  5. Outline the possible transition of the operation of the facility to the City
       at time of lease expiration; and
  6. Endeavor to complete negotiations within 12 months.


INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO CHANGE item Number 3 in the Motion from
“Establish a long-term structure for financial and programmatic oversight of
the operations” to “ Analyze the cities financial long term support for the
JMZ operations.”
                                                                              Page 5 of 7
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Action Minutes11/10/14
