                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid felt the use of "leadership" implied members of the
group would be the leaders rather than Staff, Council, or residents. He
asked if members would represent themselves individually or organizations.
In the June 10, 2014 meeting regarding future growth manage, Staff would
utilize base data from the Silicon Valley Index.        However, the index
represented an advocacy position and point of view. Members of the group
should represent as clearly as possible the general voting population of Palo
Alto. He inquired about the Existing Conditions Report that would be
background material for the May 29, 2014 meeting.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff would create and disseminate a collection of
data regarding existing conditions as a method for evaluating strengths,
weaknesses, and opportunities.

Council Member Schmid noted earlier discussion indicated base data was a
good starting point.   The Council would be interested in the Existing
Conditions Report. Schools would be a great place to engage younger
families and younger people.       Perhaps Staff could utilize emergency
preparedness block leaders for outreach.

Council Member Berman concurred that current members of Boards and
Commissions should not be members of the community group; however,
they and their networks should not be overlooked. As long as the group's
scope of work was fairly narrow, then the term "leadership" could remain in
the name. Perhaps Staff could utilize Nextdoor for outreach efforts. He
assumed Staff's proposed criteria for the leadership group were minimum
criteria.

Council Member Scharff accepted use of the word "leadership" for the name
of the group. He wanted the group to be comprised of new people from the
community.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff explain outreach for Our Palo Alto. She was
impressed with the diverse outreach obtained. The leadership group should
involve all new people. She supported comments regarding diversity of
group members.

Ms. Gitelman would make every effort to ensure the Community Leadership
Group was diverse. The existing Comprehensive Plan was the starting point
for P&TC recommendations; however, both documents would be put aside
during the visioning exercise. Perhaps a working group or task force could
be formed once Staff provided a draft Comprehensive Plan and
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for review.



05/05/2014                                                           114- 583
