Council Member Schmid asked if the General Fund had the flexibility to meet
unexpected needs if a period of no growth occurred in the future.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer and Administrative Services Director,
explained that situation would be no different than the period in 2009 and
2010 when Staff and the Council restructured the General Fund.

Mr. Keene noted the Infrastructure Committee          left an $8 million
Infrastructure Reserve amount unallocated to           handle unexpected
expenditures or unexpected revenue flows.

Mr. Perez added that the present and prior Councils were prudent in
managing the Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR). The Council could choose
to decrease the target percentage for the BSR to bridge any adjustments.
The City was well positioned to adjust for cyclical downturns.

Council Member Schmid stated the list did not contain the lease of the
existing PSB in the amount of $19 million.

Mr. Keene clarified that the potential lease amount was technically
unallocated future funding.

Council Member Schmid commented that in three or four years the lease
amount could be a flow of income to help the reserve.

Mr. Keene reported revenue from a lease was more likely to occur in six or
seven years.

Council Member Schmid noted the Golf Course reconstruction could impact
the General Fund, and asked if that would affect an election.

Mr. Perez noted the Golf Course reconfiguration and the Post Office
acquisition were concerns.     Staff was considering borrowing from the
Stanford University Medical Center Fund to bridge funds needed for the Golf
Course or Post Office. Funds generated by COPs would reimburse the
Stanford University Medical Center Fund.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Substitute Motion called for a
1/8 cent sales tax increase and a 2 percent TOT tax increase.

Council Member Berman replied no.

Council Member Schmid believed a 1/8 cent sales tax increase by itself
would not cover expenses; therefore, a 2 percent TOT tax increase would
still be needed.

                                                                     Page 27 of 31
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 03/03/14
