                             MINUTES
Annette Ross concurred with Ms. Mansel's comments regarding existing
public transit. Outreach to that community could provide the City with
insight into transit problems.

Malcolm Beasley advised that the Council should clearly articulate concepts
for residential neighborhoods adjacent to commercial corridors and establish
standards and norms for parking and traffic to determine the impact of
development plans on neighborhoods.

Neilsen Buchanan noted the Council had been provided the July 24, 2014
survey of parking in neighborhoods. The Council needed to increase parking
supply and mitigate parking demand. He was sensitive to transferring
parking problems from neighborhood to neighborhood. He suggested a
quality standard of no more than 25 percent of all residential parking spaces
be allocated to worker permits.

Simon Cintz, speaking as an individual, urged the Council to approve the
contract for the study. The contract allowed the contractor to obtain input
from stakeholders. The Council could utilize that input to reach a thoughtful
and reasoned decision. The study would be an important step in increasing
parking supply.

Mary Carlstead did not support satellite parking along Embarcadero Road,
because that area was a scenic corridor. Downtown parking garages were
underutilized.

Jeff Levinsky felt commuters would continue to park in neighborhoods to
save time and money. He questioned whether the study would review the
total roundtrip time for commuters using satellite parking and the cost per
car removed from Downtown. More cost-effective solutions were available.

Michael Griffin indicated advocates of Residential Parking Permit (RPP)
Programs did not want to shift parking problems from neighborhood to
neighborhood. The goal of an RPP Program was to restore a reasonable
quality of life for neighborhoods. Moving cars from Downtown to parks and
open spaces was not a solution. Parking lots located at the east end of the
Dumbarton Bridge should be investigated.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested Staff comment regarding cost of the study,
underutilization of parking garages, parking technologies, and parking in the
Baylands. She asked how parking could reach 112 percent of capacity.



                                                                        Page 6 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
