inquired whether Staff considered puzzle lifts and inquired about reasons for
including or not including them in the Staff Report.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the Staff Report reviewed underground parking, but
did not reach the level of detail to consider puzzle lifts. Design of any
parking facility would consider puzzle lifts to ensure efficient use of space.

Council Member Berman stated the use of underground parking lifts would
dramatically alter proposals. He could support construction of a garage on
either Lot D or Lot G based on the report regarding puzzle lifts.
Incorporating puzzle lifts was likely less expensive and would require fewer
levels for a parking garage. He related his experience with condensed
parking garages in South Africa and suggested one parking garage be
limited to sedans. The Farmers Market was a positive enterprise for the
community.

Council Member Price requested the design of a parking garage include
potential installation of car lifts after the fact. She supported use of Lot G
and Lot D.

Council Member Holman felt it was premature to consider a parking garage
at the current time and reviewed her many reasons for not proceeding with
a parking garage. She did not believe the community wanted five-story
parking garages above ground.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member XXX to not pursue a downtown parking garage at this time.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burt shared a number of Council Member Holman's
concerns. He requested an explanation of Mr. Rodriguez's reference to
parking lifts in the context of underground parking only.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that Staff focused strictly on subterranean floors of
parking and did not consider the concept of an all-lift system.

Council Member Burt asked if lifts could be utilized whether parking was
above or below ground.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff would pursue either option as part of the
design process.



                                                                        Page 23 of 37
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 2/10/14
