                             MINUTES

Council Member Schmid recalled controversial projects presented to the
Council. In 2010 the Council requested design standards which resulted in a
discussion of sidewalks and the build-to line. He understood the ARB
requested discretion, guidelines, or standards. The ARB should present a list
of topics to be included in guidelines so that the Council could provide the
ARB with discretion and guidelines.

Board Member Gooyer reported the ARB had a good set of specific criteria
for review. Problems arose with compatibility in the case of a change in
zoning or the presence of an overlay zone.

Council Member Klein concurred that the ARB was a review board rather
than a control board. He requested Board Members comment on whether
Palo Alto should have a control board and on cities with control boards.

Board Member Malone-Prichard indicated Irvine had a control board and all
architecture looked very much the same. Some cities designated materials
for use and provided a range of colors. She did not believe the community
would want that type of control. Palo Alto was an eclectic community with a
range of materials and styles being used in the community. In reviewing
compatibility, the ARB reviewed size, scale, and setback.

Council Member Burt remarked that he would not support the direction of
the ARB with regard to some projects. He wanted to steer the discussion
toward areas where the Council sought different guidance. ARB comments
regarding issues, even with qualifiers that the topic was not within the ARB's
purview, confused the community. In a recent prescreening of a project in
the 4000 block of El Camino Real, the ARB indicated it would support up-
zoning for the project, even though zoning was not within the ARB's
purview. Maximum heights and maximum Floor Area Ratios (FAR) were
considered not only the ceiling but also the floor in almost every
circumstance. It was very rare for a project to propose less than the
maximum height and the maximum FAR. The City had all these other
criteria that might not allow a project to reach the maximum if they could
not meet the criteria. He suggested the ARB exercise more input on
limitations of projects so that the quality of the project was better and had
more latitude in its design. He disagreed that the 195 Page Mill Road project
complied with the ARB findings and stated in that Council discussion ways in
which it was not consistent with compatibility guidelines of the
Comprehensive Plan. Clearly there was a sense that the Council and
community wanted to recalibrate. It had also been stated that the ARB did
not stipulate style. However, in past circumstances, the ARB had spoken out
against what it described as traditional or derivative styles. He was unsure
                                                                         Page 4 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
