Staff in 2008 by reviewing all existing Elements, suggesting revisions,
adding sustainability concepts, preparing Concept Area Plans and a future
year traffic demand scenario model, and administering the website. Staff
requested an amendment of the Place Works contract to include new tasks
for community engagement tools, an extended scoping period and additional
meetings, development of alternative scenarios, and development of a user's
guide.    Staff recommended the Council reframe the process for the
Comprehensive Plan to provide robust alternatives analysis and to initiate an
expanded community engagement exercise.

Robert Moss felt the overall approach was good. Adoption of policies and
programs should include timelines for completion. Staff should consider all
impacts through an integrated view.

Stephanie Munoz suggested Mr. Turner review residents' comments
regarding previous development projects. Development rights added to the
value of land; however, they reduced the amount of land available for
affordable housing.

Shani Kleinhaus believed the contract for the consultant was slightly high.
Online tools were not effective and were easy to manipulate.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff
to: 1) adopt the recommended schedule to complete the Comprehensive
Plan amendment and associated program-level Environmental Impact Report
by the end of 2015; 2) approve Amendment Number 2 to Contract No.
C08125506 in the amount of $597,206 with The Planning Center|DCE to
provide additional services associated with the Comprehensive Plan
Amendment Project; and 3) approve a Budget Amendment Ordinance in the
amount of $200,000 to ensure the Planning and Community Environment
Department has sufficient resources within the General Fund for the contract
amendment.

Vice Mayor Kniss commented that the plan was good.           The original
Comprehensive Plan involved a large number of people who worked through
a very long and complicated process. The two-year plan involved a limited
number of people working closely with Staff. Going into the community to
listen to comments was a terrific idea.

Council Member Scharff stated the fatal flaw in Staff's proposal was the one-
year process for the Housing Element and the two-year process for the
Comprehensive Plan. There would not be sufficient time to have a robust
alternatives analysis before the Housing Element was due. The Housing
Element process should be disconnected from the Comprehensive Plan
process. The Council could approve the current Housing Element update,
                                                                       Page 14 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
