                             MINUTES
would cost $7.2 million. To date, the Board had invested $600,000 in capital
costs. The Board had $400,000 in hand and $2.5 million in pledges. The
Board would need an additional $2.4 million to rehabilitate the Roth Building
and an additional $8-$12 million for the actual museum. With individual
giving, the History Museum would be cash positive year on year. The City of
Palo Alto and the History Museum could strike an effective and efficient
public-private partnership. The quickest way to complete rehabilitation of
the Roth Building was a grant from the City. A second option was a
matching fund or challenge grant. The Board had three months remaining
on the lease option, which could not be renewed by the City Manager. Plans
for the Roth Building were approved and ready for construction.

Margaret Chai Maloney assisted with development of a children's program
for the History Museum.     The History Museum could aid the City's
international reputation.

Janet Lustgarten indicated visitors to the City could visit the History Museum
to learn about technologies that began in Palo Alto.

Joe Huber, Santa Clara County Judge, felt Palo Alto was a phenomenal
community with great people; however, the City did not have a museum to
demonstrate the phenomenon. He encouraged the Council to do as much as
possible to ensure the History Museum became a reality.

Michael Shanks, Stanford University Professor, believed the past was
fundamental to the future. The Board had a vision and a method to realize
that vision.

Lalo Perez, Administrator Services Director/Chief Financial Officer, reiterated
that the option for the Roth Building ended June 30, 2014. Staff sought
Council guidance regarding next steps.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the lease would be presented to the
Council as an action item or be referred to the Policy and Services
Committee.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated Staff would make a decision based on
Council comments.

Richard Brand supported a History Museum. It was time to have a place to
showcase Palo Alto's contributions to technology. Heritage Park was the
perfect location for recreation and technology.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked Mr. Keene or Mr. Perez to comment on whether the
City had $2.5 million to give to a nonprofit organization.
                                                                          Page 7 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/24/2014
