                             MINUTES

Ms. Silver clarified that the legal exposure could be from proposers who did
not bid on the process.

Council Member Klein expressed concern about the numbers.             The
memorandum indicated the new estimate was likely to be 10 percent higher
and would not change conclusions. In the presentation, Staff indicated the
numbers would balance and not change.

Mr. Bobel explained that Staff's analysis had evolved over time. Staff
wanted to spend more time reviewing the analysis before returning to the
Council. The net present value for the OFP should have included labor costs.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff considered requesting a review by the
City Auditor.

Mr. Keene reported Staff held some discussions with the City Auditor. An
Auditor review of the numbers could delay issuing new RFPs. The market
place would address the new numbers.

Council Member Klein heard criticism from the East Palo Alto Sanitary
District and requested Staff comment.

Mr. Bobel indicated Staff had a great deal of contact with the East Palo Alto
Sanitary District. Staff was told that Mr. Scherzer would represent himself
rather than the Board. Staff felt the full East Palo Alto Sanitary District
Board of Directors would support the recommendations.

Council Member Price understood Staff suggested that the City
design/build/operate the first two components.        There was some
consideration of Components 3 and 4 being a hybrid. She inquired whether
Staff was implying that the public-private partnership concept could be
utilized in the realization of Components 3 and 4.

Mr. Bobel stated Components 3 and 4 were definitely good candidates for
private-sector owner/operator. Before issuing the RFP, Staff would have to
think through some parts of Component 2. The power plant in Component 2
could be a candidate for owner/operator as well. Component 4 and food
scrap preprocessing were good candidates for owner/operator.         Staff
believed the City should own and operate the digesters. The thermal
hydrolysis unit should be tied in with the digester and be City
owner/operator. The power plant might be a candidate for private-sector
owner/operator.



04/29/2014                                                           114- 531
