                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Scharff reported the Council could provide input when SVLG
responded.

Council Member Price commented that the Council could correspond with
SVLG and the VTA Board as often as necessary. There would be additional
opportunities for the Council to respond to SVLG. The letter was the City's
opening statement.

Council Member Holman would support the Motion and anticipate further
opportunities for refinement.

Council Member Schmid stated the timeline indicated the initiative would be
presented at the June 26, 2014 meeting. The final VTA vote was scheduled
for August 4. Given the Council's schedule through August 4, he did not see
a time to effectively respond.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Shepherd absent

2.   Council Direction to Staff on Potential Housing Sites for Inclusion in the
     2015-2023 Housing Element Update and on Submittal of an
     Administrative Draft for the State's Initial Review (CONTINUED FROM
     JUNE 2, 2014).

Vice Mayor Kniss reported the Council would discuss the Administrative Draft
of the Housing Element which needed to be submitted to the California
Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD) for preliminary
review. The item supported the Council's work plan and reflected the
expedited schedule to meet the certification deadline.        She reviewed
recommended actions for the Council. There was an application in process
to increase zoning of 4146 El Camino Real from RM-15 to RM-30. The
current zoning of the site would yield 11 units while the proposed rezoning
would yield 21 units. The Council needed to consider the number of units
that should be assumed for the site.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, advised
that State law required the City to adopt a Housing Element. The State set
the schedule for updating Housing Elements and had specific requirements
regarding contents of Housing Elements. The deadline for certification of the
Housing Element was January 31, 2015, with a grace period of three
months. If a local jurisdiction did not meet the statutory deadline, then it
could lose local control. Because the City's existing Housing Element was
certified in August 2013, much of the information remained relevant and
could be utilized in the Updated Housing Element. The Administrative Draft
highlighted proposed changes from the existing Housing Element. Chosen
sites had to address the Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA). The
                                                                             Page 5 of 14
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 06/04/14
