                             MINUTES
was available for a piece of property, then other tools could identify the
property.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Klein felt the recommended changes were appropriate and
added clarity. He recused himself from any discussion of Recommendation
5.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to approve the response to the 2013-2014 Santa Clara County Civil Grand
Jury Report, “The City of Palo Alto’s Actions Reduced Transparency and
Inhibited Public Input and Scrutiny on Important Land Uses.” Additionally,
to authorize the Mayor to send a letter to the Grand Jury with the City’s
response, by the deadline of September 18, 2014.

Council Member Burt revised the City's response in an attempt to provide
clarity and responsibility for Council and City actions. He requested Staff
respond to Mr. Moss' concern that informational reports to Council Members
violated the Brown Act.

Ms. Stump explained that the Brown Act applied to the Council; not to Staff,
private citizens, or community organizations. Council Members' meetings
with private citizens or community organizations were not a violation of the
Brown Act. Staff could provide informational briefings to individual Council
Members or small groups of Council Members. Third parties could not carry
messages between Council Members. The Grand Jury did not state there
was a Brown Act violation.

Council Member Burt felt the procedure under which the City Manager was
authorized to lease City-owned property was sufficient; however, the
procedure was not followed.       A review of those procedures would be
beneficial. The 27 University Avenue Project offered a potential public
benefit rather than a gift. A review of procedures for gifting property to the
City could be appropriate.

Council Member Berman concurred with Council Member Klein's comments.

Vice Mayor Kniss indicated the guidelines were generally very good and
would apply to the Council in the future.

Council Member Holman referred to the response to Finding 3, and asked if
the estate was sold to Mr. Arrillaga.

Ms. Stump replied yes.

                                                                        Page 12 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
