                     DRAFT MINUTES
He indicated the Council should consider existing nonconforming uses as
properties were redeveloped, zoning for onsite amenities, whether onsite
amenities should all be exempt or partially exempt, and where they should
apply.

Council Member Klein wanted to find ways to reduce the timeframe for
updating the Comprehensive Plan.          Staff stated 90 percent of the
Comprehensive Plan would remain the same. He had not heard anyone
suggest dramatically overhauling zoning. Perhaps Staff could draft a process
that did not require as much time or cost as much money.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Staff presented a process to update the
Comprehensive Plan by the end of 2015 concurrent with a few zoning
changes.

Council Member Klein did not believe the EIR process could be completed in
2015. Given the time required for the Council, Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC), and public to review the EIR, it would be at minimum a
two-year process.

Ms. Gitelman recalled Staff comments on August 6 that the hardest part of
any EIR process was getting started. Staff felt the current discussion of
zoning changes that could be handled in advance of or concurrently with the
Comprehensive Plan Update was a good means to move forward.

Council Member Klein asked if commercial space in the Downtown area had
grown by 235,000 square feet since 1986.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Council Member Klein calculated an increase of approximately 0.7 percent
per year, which was very small. Yet, there was a much more dramatic
increase in parking demand and traffic counts. The Council needed to
understand the amount of traffic that resulted from car trips through the
City and the amount of the parking increase that resulted from Palo Alto
residents. The Council also needed to determine the number of people
parking in Palo Alto but working in places outside the City. Most of Council
Member Burt's comments were worthy of study. Local-serving retail had
become increasingly complex. The Council should consider carefully which
chain stores it wanted to discourage. The Council needed to reconsider
Downtown Zoning Rules and whether the exemption for nonprofit agencies
should remain.

Council Member Scharff stated parking and traffic were major concerns for
the community. The Staff Report did not indicate outcomes for the 14
                                                                         Page 6 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
