                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman remarked that the per person served calculation
provided a different analysis of the ratio.

Mr. Perez advised that the projected revenue from the two new fees would
be split approximately 50/50 between residential and non-residential uses.

Council Member Berman suggested the fees could be adjusted once reliable
data was obtained through the Business Registry.

Mr. Perez indicated an adjustment of the fees would require a new nexus
study utilizing new data. The Finance Committee discussed the multiple
sources of job and employee numbers.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the City had an established body of
work and tried and true methodologies. The recommendation was to impose
the fees and to begin collecting revenue. He wanted to obtain the highest
accuracy possible; however, that would be achieved in the future. Staff was
committed to a possible adjustment of the fees.

Council Member Klein inquired about the time period for collecting the
$35.64 million dollars stated in Table 19.

Mr. Perez responded through 2035.

Council Member Klein stated Table 19 indicated collections of $22.5 million,
approximately half the estimated cost of a new Public Safety Building. He
asked about the accounting procedure for collecting fees after construction
of the building.

Mr. Perez advised that the Council could adjust the fee downward so that net
expenses matched fees collected or allow the fee to continue at the same
level.

Council Member Klein offered a hypothetical scenario of constructing a Public
Safety Building in the next 12-18 months through other funding sources. He
asked what would happen with the fee for the following 20 years.

Mr. Perez explained that identified revenue must be reduced from the
amount of the expense. The Council would have to reset the fee to the net
amount that was unfunded.

Mr. Keene inquired whether future fees could repay an expense paid from
other sources.




11/03/2014                                                            116- 55
