Mayor Shepherd requested the City Manager address the Council's handling
of the proposed programs.

Mr. Keene recalled Staff's recommendations from the March 18, 2013
Council meeting and Council actions regarding public-private partnerships,
restriction of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) related to parking, and
RPP Programs. In general Staff did not believe the proposals obligated the
Council to specific actions. Staff would return to the Council with specific
proposals after receiving RFP responses and community input.            SAP
developed and deployed the TwoGo app. Staff could continue to review
other apps. By using TwoGo, Staff would have access to SAP analytics and
experience in developing a ride share program for its workers.

Council Member Klein noted the City Manager could have directed Staff to
proceed with developing proposals; however, the Council directed Staff to
return for evaluation of proposals. He asked who would be deciding routes,
number of buses, and such. It appeared the TMA would have more authority
than the Council was comfortable with.

Mr. Aknin explained that in the initial stage, the City would have control of
the shuttle system. The ultimate goal was for the TMA to be a self-
sustaining organization. As the TMA became self-sustaining and if the
shuttle system fell within its purview, the TMA would have more independent
authority.

Mr. Keene could work more easily with $1.3 million as a City expenditure
rather than an ongoing City expense.

Council Member Klein recalled the Council directed Staff to identify any local
or regional governments with TDM Districts, and requested Staff comment
on those.

Ms. Sullivan indicated Staff reviewed a number of other jurisdictions that
implemented fairly successful TMAs, including Emeryville, Mission Bay,
Portland, North Natomas, and the San Mateo Rail Corridor.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff spoke with Mountain View regarding its
program.

Ms. Sullivan was scheduled to speak with Mountain View on February 27,
2014.

Council Member Klein inquired whether TDM proposals would meet the goal
of being operational in January 2015.



02/24/2014                                                             114- 330
