Kelly Johnson, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7. She was the
architect for the home located at 1737 University Avenue. She and the
owner worked with City Staff to resolve Ms. Dong's privacy concerns. She
urged the Council to deny the appeal and uphold the approval issued by the
Planning Department.

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 7. He advised that each
step of the Google project was subject to environmental review; therefore,
Staff could not claim one step was exempt. In a proposal to approve a
private party's use of City-owned property, the Council and the public
needed to know all alternatives for City-owned property. In regard to dark
fiber, the Council and the public had to know those alternatives. The
Resolution was being used to bar the Council and the public from reviewing
information.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Numbers 5-10, including the following two
application questions; 1) are you a resident of Palo Alto and 2) how many
years have you been a resident, to be added to Agenda Item Number 10.

Council Member Schmid registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 7.

5.    Consideration of an Appeal of the Director's Individual Review
      Approval of a New Two-Story, Single Family Home Located at
      1737 University Avenue.

6.    Approval of Concept Plan Line and Implementation Schedule for
      the Matadero Avenue-Margarita Avenue Bicycle Boulevard Project.

7.    Receive Update Concerning City Response to Google Fiber City
      Checklist and Ongoing Negotiation of Google Fiber Hut License
      Agreement to Cover Potential Location of Google Network Hut
      Equipment Facilities on City-Owned Properties; Resolution 9408
      entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      Prohibiting Disclosure of Certain     Non-Public    Utilities-Related
      Information Retained by the City that is Subject to California Public
      Records Act Exemptions.”

8.    Budget Amendment Ordinance 5243 entitled “Budget Amendment
      Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in the Amount of
      $250,000 in Expenses and $140,000 in Revenue to Operate the Palo
      Alto Municipal Golf Course Through May and June of Fiscal Year 2014.”




04/29/2014                                                          114- 520
