                      FINAL MINUTES
Courtney McDonald, Evolve, urged the Council to support the Resolution.
Support for reform was growing across the State. Evolve hoped to place a
measure on the 2016 ballot.

Stephanie Munoz stated the owners of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park
benefited from Proposition 13 while the residents of Buena Vista did not.
She encouraged the Council to support the Resolution.

Timothy Gray indicated citizens were concerned that amending Proposition
13 would eliminate protections afforded to residents. Residential and rental
protections should remain.

Jonathan Klein agreed loopholes in Proposition 13 benefited commercial
property owners. It was patently unfair for residential property owners to
pay the majority of property tax revenues.       Residential provisions of
Proposition 13 should not be changed.

Mayor Shepherd reported the League of Cities revised language in the
Resolution to allow the City to support the Resolution without future
obligations.

Council Member Holman felt the general tone of the language could have
unintended consequences. She was concerned that regular reassessment of
commercial property would force small independent businesses out of
business.

Council Member Klein did not support Proposition 13. He would support the
Resolution even though it was not worded well. The Resolution did not
reference the inequity of new homeowners paying substantially more
property tax than existing homeowners.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid to
adopt the Resolution providing preliminary support for the Proposition 13
reform as it relates to commercial properties; this does not constitute formal
support of any particular ballot measure on this issue or related subject,
until such a ballot measure is separately reviewed and endorsed by Council.

Vice Mayor Kniss was confident the Resolution concentrated on commercial
property. In the past, other groups had attempted to amend Proposition 13.

Council Member Schmid believed the Resolution was general in nature;
however, it did specify commercial property. The central issue was fairness.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether commercial included multifamily
housing.

                                                                           Page 22 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
