                             MINUTES
development should be required to pay the same fees as residential
development. He hoped the Council would refer the matter to Staff for an
analysis of litigation.

Fred Balin stated the Municipal Code required 15 percent or 20 percent of
residential units be BMR units without any concessions. Under State law,
including 10 percent of BMR units not only triggered a density bonus, a
parking exception, and another concession, but also required no additional
BMR units. The Council's job was to ensure the correctness of those
portions over which the City had control. The Council should question three
key areas: the menu of concessions, requirements when going off-menu,
and other additions. The section regarding menu changes and additional
concessions for 100 percent affordable projects should be removed.

Joe Hirsch was concerned the Architectural Review Board (ARB), the P&TC,
or the Planning Director could grant final approval of concessions. The
proposed Ordinance lacked clarity by failing to state the degree of control
the City had over development falling within the purview of the proposed
Ordinance. The proposed Ordinance did not state the consequences if a
proposed development was located next to a lower-density residential zone.
If he understood correctly, the menu caps were no longer applicable and,
upon further review, the menu caps could be exceeded. The increase in
Floor Area Ratio (FAR) was excessive. He requested the Council not enact
any provisions that supported high-density development. Many provisions of
the proposed Ordinance were unclear and required redrafting.

Public Hearing closed at 9:32 P.M.

Council Member Holman recalled that Staff requested the opportunity to
respond to public comments.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Staff identified 32 sites for increased density,
because Staff felt the sites would redevelop at some point. Mr. Moss
suggested those sites could lose their existing retail. That Zoning District
required mixed-use development; therefore, the sites would not be solely
residential. Staff considered the physical impacts the proposed Ordinance
could create that were not already possible because of State law. By
adopting the proposed Ordinance, the Council would codify State law in a
local Ordinance, not enable higher densities. State law allowed a 35-percent
density bonus; the local Ordinance allowed a 35-percent density bonus.
State law provided parking reductions; the local Ordinance provided the
same parking reductions.      Staff concluded that there would not be a
significant impact to the environment.       In addition, individual projects
proposed under the Ordinance would be subject to CEQA review. There was
an opportunity to review site-specific impacts about which Staff could not

                                     10                  January 13, 2014
