                             MINUTES
Mr. Anderson replied no. Ideally a ranger should be present to ensure the
public did not walk onto private property.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the length of time needed to secure
the property so that it could be open to the public generally.

Mr. Anderson indicated Acterra was financially challenged to secure the
nursery. Acterra also was concerned about installing fencing at its cost
without knowing the lease would be renewed and without knowing the
implications of development of the 7.7 acres.

Council Member Scharff requested an estimate of the cost to secure the
property.

Mr. Anderson guessed the cost to be approximately $10,000 without
knowing the level of security Acterra would want.

Council Member Scharff wished to open the property to the public as soon as
possible. $10,000 was a small amount of money to prevent opening the
parcel to the public.

Ms. Knopper explained that $10,000 would secure the nursery area only.
The culvert had to be secured as well.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff had any sense of the total
amount needed in order to open the property to the public.

Mr. Anderson would need time to obtain an estimate.

Council Member Scharff requested a range of the cost.

Ms. Knopper reported that would be difficult to estimate, because the entire
back of the property was open. There was no natural transition from public
to private property. It would be difficult to estimate the cost without
determining the amount of fencing needed.

Ms. Hetterly asked if Council Member Scharff wanted to know the cost to
open the property to the public full-time or for a weekend of tours.

Council Member Scharff responded opening it full-time. Nine people touring
the property over four days was not an overwhelming response. Expending
funds to secure the property early in the process to allow public access could
be worthwhile. He inquired about the number of PARC ad hoc committees.

Ms. Hetterly answered at least seven.


11/10/2014                                                              116- 76
