Council Member Burt recalled decisions regarding the High Street and Bryant
Street garages were carefully considered and discussed with the public over
several years. Making a decision in one meeting did not allow for errors.
The Council's decision would be based upon Staff input found in one table,
which contained multiple, serious flaws in the fundamental basis for ranking
lots. He reviewed net space gain and corresponding ranking for lots. He
asked why the cost per space per added space was the same for all lots.

Ron Sanzo, Sandis Engineering, provided preliminary estimates of the cost
per space. After discussions with City Staff, he determined it would be best
to utilize a consistent number across the lots.

Council Member Burt requested an explanation of the ranking for net space
gain.

Mr. Sanzo explained that the net space gain was somewhat qualitative.
Several lots achieved the ranking of 10.

Council Member Burt stated the net space gain should not be qualitative but
quantitative.

Mr. Sanzo felt ranking all lots as 10 was warranted, because the constraint
ranked sufficiently high.

Council Member Burt believed the Council did not have accurate information
to make such an important decision.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to direct Staff to return with additional reviewed information
on the choices based upon Council input tonight, and to provide a narrowing
to three recommendations as well as consideration of the updated
information on how many additional spaces are required.

Mr. Keene reported Staff would provide updated information as best as they
could. He doubted the next Council discussion would be the final one, as the
process would be iterative.

Council Member Burt clarified that Staff should provide an update of the best
information available at the time Staff returned to the Council.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff could provide an update using other information.
Staff wanted the benefit of the Council's thoughts. A five-story garage could
work more easily in one location than in other locations.


                                                                       Page 24 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
