                               MINUTES
Staff did not have a recommendation for FY 2015.          Staff envisioned
discussion with the Council, referral to a Committee, and then community
outreach.

Council Member Klein felt not understanding the Cost of Service Study was a
disadvantage. He requested reasons for not holding a Study Session for
those Council Members not on the Finance Committee.

Mr. Perez advised that Staff could schedule a discussion of a process for
review of services and how the City's portfolio would be shaped in the
future. The community should also be made aware of that discussion.

Council Member Klein reiterated that the Council needed exposure to the
Cost of Service Study.

Mr. Keene concurred.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff could provide an informational
item at a Policy and Services Committee meeting.

Mr. Perez understood the Council as a whole needed to have the discussion.
The Council could refer the topic to a Committee at that point.

Mayor Shepherd recalled the Finance Committee discussed methodology
only. The methodology was new thinking regarding allocation of expenses
to services. It would be appropriate for the full Council to review it.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted the projection on page 31 indicated continued
growth. The paragraph below expressed caution that growth was not likely
to continue as projected. She was concerned that the public would not
interpret the text as cautionary.

Mr. Rossmann was attempting to build business cycles into the model. To
achieve that level of detail, Staff would have to include the Long Range
Financial Forecast (LRFF). Staff deliberately included the paragraph about
the sensitivity analysis. Staff could place a link on the website to the LRFF,
so that the public could explore it deeper.

Council Member Burt stated that including a note that projections assumed
recessions and fluctuations was important. The Proposed Budget contained
some significant staffing changes because of transfer of Development
Services and additional positions. He inquired whether the Proposed Budget
provided a summary indicating movement of positions among departments.




05/06/2014                                                            114- 593
