                             MINUTES
     zoning) to be consistent with the current Housing Element which does
     not allow exclusive residential uses for identified parcels in the Housing
     Element.

Furthermore refer to the Planning and Transportation Commission the
reduction of the FAR in the CN Zone for sites identified in Housing Inventory
and consideration of the retail proportion of the FAR including ground floor
retail requirements.

Council Member Burt seconded the Motion because of the substantive
change on zoning. He expressed concern closing the public hearing.

Council Member Berman concurred with Council Member Scharff's
comments. Council Members might have misinterpreted the statute in that
the default language only applied to whether or not the Council wanted the
parcels to qualify for affordable housing. The Council did not have to take
any action; however, that would be detrimental to the City. He supported
an analysis of a reduction in FAR.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Motion clearly indicated that it
referred only to Item Number 15.

Mayor Shepherd responded yes.

Council Member Holman believed the intention was to reduce the FAR.

Council Member Scharff agreed the intention was to reduce the FAR.

Council Member Holman suggested removing consideration of FAR in CC and
CS Zones to allow for an expeditious response.

Council Member Scharff concurred with removing CC and CS Zones.

Council Member Holman expressed concern about not reviewing CN Zones
comprehensively.

Council Member Burt indicated CN Zones would be reviewed across the City
but not at the current time.

Council Member Holman felt it was better to review all CN Zones
concurrently. Staff could respond as to whether a concurrent review would
require more time. She suggested the Motion have the P&TC consider the
retail proportion of FAR including ground-floor retail requirements.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether that would be part of the referral to the
P&TC.


                                  20                      January 13, 2014
