                             MINUTES
PARC recommended a specific dollar amount be utilized as a placeholder in
the Budget for priority projects revealed by the Master Plan process. PARC
wanted the Master Plan to guide future priorities. Currently, six approved
park projects would not be started, because the level of staffing was
insufficient to manage the implementation of projects. The City employed
one Landscape Architect who had primary responsibility for managing most
projects. If the City hired a second Landscape Architect, approximately
three additional projects could be managed each year. PARC requested the
Council consider a second Landscape Architect position in the next fiscal
year.

Abbie Knopper, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, advised that a PARC ad
hoc committee was appointed to develop land-use ideas for the 7.7-acre
parcel at Foothills Park. The City leased approximately a half acre of the
parcel to Acterra, who maintained a nursery on the site. The lease would
expire in 2015, but could be renewed by mutual consent of the City and
Acterra. A significant portion of the property was covered with quarry waste
material and/or creek sediment resulting in poor soil. The City now had
responsibility for clearing the creek of sediment. Approximately 2.1 acres of
the parcel were the only usable area; the remainder contained steep hills or
was subject to easements. The parcel contained only one public entry/exit
point. Nineteen members of the public toured the parcel with rangers and
provided comments. Twenty-seven members of the public attended a
meeting regarding the parcel. Public comment concerned restoration of the
parcel; allowing Acterra and other environmental organizations to utilize the
parcel; and the addition of recreational facilities.

Ms. Hetterly hoped the Master Plan would identify potential locations for dog
parks. The PARC ad hoc committee proposed a six-month pilot program to
allow dogs off leash on a fenced athletic field during limited hours. A pilot
program would serve interim needs, test usage and behavior, and evaluate
impacts on neighbors, other users, and facilities. The next step was to
conduct outreach with adjacent neighbors, user groups and the broader
public.   Input obtained during outreach would be incorporated into a
proposal for Council consideration. The ad hoc committee determined a pilot
program could be implemented at the Baylands Athletic Center, Greer Park,
or Hoover Park. While those three parks were located in an area served by
two small dog parks, they would be useful for testing purposes. The areas
varied in size from 3.3 acres to slightly less than 1 acre. Start-up costs were
estimated to range from a few thousand dollars to $25,000. Other concerns
were curtailing use once the pilot program ceased and preventing use
outside of authorized hours. The ad hoc committee proposed to minimize
concerns through clear messaging that the pilot program was temporary and
through increased enforcement.

11/10/2014                                                              116- 72
