                            MINUTES
3.    Appointment of Candidates to the Architectural Review Board, the
      Historic Resources Board, and the Planning and Transportation
      Commission.

Council Member Holman spoke with the City Attorney and City Clerk
previously regarding a change in appointment procedures for the Historic
Resources Board (HRB).

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that Council Member Holman questioned
whether the Council could hold a general discussion regarding the Council's
priorities and direction in making appointments or regarding specific
applications. Either was permissible under the Agenda Item. A Council
discussion and exchange of views was also permissible.

Council Member Holman indicated the Council could give the Clerk its ballots
for the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and Architectural
Review Board (ARB) or proceed with discussion of the HRB applicants.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Holman wished to speak to HRB
appointments.

Council Member Holman answered yes. While institutional memory was an
asset, there were times when refreshing a Board or Commission was
appropriate. Two HRB Board Members had served for 20 and 16 years
respectively. She supported Mr. Makinen and Ms. Wimmer for the HRB. Ms.
Wimmer was new to the HRB and should be given an opportunity to serve
the community. Mr. Makinen had a specific and broad application to fulfill
the obligations of the HRB as set out in the Municipal Code.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to vote on the current applicants and if four members are not voted in,
then direct Staff to reopen the application process for the remaining
openings on the Historic Resources Board.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Shepherd noted five votes for an applicant typically resulted in
seating of that applicant. She inquired whether Council Member Holman
proposed changing the procedure.

Council Member Holman suggested the Council vote on applicants or reopen
the application process. She did not wish to show a lack of support for all
the applicants.




11/10/2014                                                            116- 80
