                              MINUTES
to identify issues that must be addressed. It was not a prediction of a
commitment of resources; rather, it was a reasonable snapshot of the City's
future financial condition based on various assumptions and currently
available data. Staff was currently projecting a $1.3 million surplus for FY
2015 and a $4.4 million annual surplus for FY 2016. After funding the
Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR), the cumulative surplus would be
approximately $38 million over the ten-year period. The net operating
margin demonstrated year-over-year surpluses and deficits within the LRFF.
The cumulative net operating margin was far smaller throughout the forecast
period, and was approximately $7.6 million. The LRFF did not include
assumptions regarding labor negotiations; an updated healthcare plan
actuarial valuation; impacts from the Palo Alto Airport other than the
expected General Fund annual loan of $300,000; valuations of the third tier
of the pension plan; the healthcare federal excise tax; increased revenue
from the Transient Occupancy Tax and impacts from the Golf Course
Reconfiguration Project or potential acquisition of the Post Office. The LRFF
assumed continuation of the fire service contract with Stanford University.
Staff assumed a performing economy as part of the LRFF. Revenues from
Transient Occupancy Tax and documentary transfer tax outpaced current FY
2015 projections. Consistent with the last LRFF, Staff applied a compound
annual growth rate (CAGR) to forecast major tax revenues. The CAGR was
based on 20 years of historical data. Staff projected higher receipts from
property tax; and reduced the FY 2015 projection for sales tax as one
vendor changed its sale models. Because of new hotels opening and a
higher average room rate, Staff projected increases in the Transient
Occupancy Tax in FY 2015 and 2016, with a return to historical growth rates
thereafter. Revenues from the utility users tax (UUT) would remain stable.
Staff projected documentary transfer tax increases would continue in FY
2015. The number of property transactions and the high growth in average
values could slow; therefore, Staff assumed a reduction in revenue growth in
FY 2016. Staff increased position costs on a per employee basis based on
Memorandums of Agreement (MOA) with bargaining groups, and made one-
time adjustments in FY 2015 from the FY 2014 Adopted Budget. The out
year projections for the LRFF assumed a 2 percent annual growth for
salaries. The LRFF also included the latest projections from the California
Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS) regarding mortality
assumptions and changes in valuation method. Staff assumed an 8 percent
annual growth in healthcare expenditures; all expenses were based on a 20-
year historical Consumer Price Index (CPI) for the area. Overall salary and
benefits were projected to increase by 35 percent over the forecast period.
Salary alone increased by 19 percent while benefits increases were projected
to increase by 60 percent. In FY 2015 the City was required to pay a
CalPERS contribution rate of 39.5 percent for Public Safety Employees. By
the end of the forecast period, the contribution rate would increase by 50
percent to 59.2 percent. For Miscellaneous Employees, the contribution rate

                                  14                              April 7, 2014
