                            MINUTES
Mr. Perez indicated a housing study was not performed, because it was a
different fee. Each impact fee was required to have its own nexus and
review. The housing fee would be presented to the Council separately with
its own nexus study.

Mr. N. Perez added that housing nexus studies were under litigation at every
level of California courts.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported a housing nexus study was under way.
The study would review both residential and non-residential fees.

Council Member Schmid felt the Council continued to make decisions
regarding development impact fees without data. A preliminary review of
transportation indicated fees were adequate. He requested the basis for
stating transportation fees were adequate.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Agenda Item concerned only the Public Safety
Facility fee and the General Government Facilities fee.

Council Member Schmid believed the Council was being asked to approve
the matrix.

Mr. Perez clarified that Staff did not recommend changes or seek action
regarding any fees other than the Public Safety Facility and General
Government Facilities fees.

Council Member Schmid asked if it was appropriate to state other fees did
not need review.

Mayor Shepherd stated that was not a part of the Agenda Item. Other fees
would be presented to the Council in the future.

Council Member Schmid asked why they were mentioned in the Staff Report.

Mayor Shepherd explained that Staff utilized data approved by the Council
earlier in the year.

Mr. Perez clarified that in the past the Council had requested a cumulative
total of impact fees to determine whether a fee of 75 percent of the
maximum amount allowed was appropriate.             Staff did not make a
recommendation for those fees.

Council Member Schmid inferred the study made a discretionary decision
when it stated a preliminary review indicated fees were adequate for parks,
housing, and transportation. He inquired whether the study did not make a
discretionary decision.

11/03/2014                                                           116- 58
