                             MINUTES
that was so remote that AECOM originally rejected it as too remote to occur.
The scenario was an earthquake that collapsed the plate shop building. The
scenario was highly unrealistic. AECOM did not include a couple of items in
modeling that had a significant difference in its results. The nitric acid
release occurred at an outside temperature greater than 90 degrees;
however, CPI prohibited delivery on those days. Other controls were not
taken into account. The EPA strongly urged communities not to base
decisions on worst case modeling. The admonishment applied even more so
to extreme events. All experts concluded that CPI's business operations
were safe and had a very low risk of harm to the neighboring community.
He cautioned the City Council not to make zoning decisions based on highly
unrealistic, extreme event modeling such as the 616 feet stated in AECOM's
earthquake scenario. The City had not made decisions for other land uses in
this manner and should not single out CPI and treat its existing business
differently. No daily nuisance conditions were coming from CPI. The
neighborhood's concerns were based strictly on fear, not facts or likelihoods.
Fear was an insufficient basis to adopt Zoning Regulations that negatively
impacted CPI. The Staff Report was correct in that the current meeting was
not the time to make a determination or provide direction on an appropriate
amortization period for CPI. That determination could be made only after a
Zoning Regulation was established and adopted by the City. CPI had a large
and long-term investment in the property. Several experts concluded that
risk of harm to the community from continued operations at CPI was
extremely low. He requested time to respond to public testimony.

Romola Georgia stated problems with the CPI facility were ongoing. Noise
from delivery trucks was a nuisance. Neither neighbors nor the City were
notified of the toxic release. In the case of chemicals mixing as a result of
an earthquake, experts estimated she would have less than a minute to
evacuate her home. The independent consultant reported neighbors were at
risk in case of an industrial accident.

Robert Moss felt something was wrong at CPI for spills to occur in the last 8-
10 years. AECOM did not thoroughly investigate the site. CPI was wrong in
stating worst case scenarios should not be considered in evaluations.
Without that analysis, people would die. The only proper approach was for
the City to put CPI on notice that it would have to vacate the premises.

Samir Tuma advised that the issue was not as complicated as the amount of
information indicated. Fundamentally, a risk to human life was located in
proximity to residents. Unlikely events did occur. The primary role of
government was to protect the health and safety of residents. All of CPI's
safety measures could not ensure people would not die.


                                                                        Page 25 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/06/14
