                            MINUTES
Council Member Burt clarified that the demand for the intersection would
change. The baseline LOS should be part of the report. He understood the
Baylands Athletic Center was removed from consideration because it was
dedicated parkland. He asked if the Golf Course parking lot was also
dedicated parkland.

Ms. Stump reported the Baylands Athletic Center was removed because Staff
did not propose it. There was no reason to proceed with a full analysis of
the procedures required to use it. The Golf Course was dedicated parkland.
The Council requested an analysis of the feasibility of using that on a
temporary basis. Staff would provide that information.

Council Member Burt believed satellite parking was not ripe for a decision.
The Council would know more after the September meeting and could make
an informed decision then.

Vice Mayor Kniss did not know how to reach a solution without some study.
She favored moving forward. Commuters would park in the satellite lot and
car pool into Downtown.

Mayor Shepherd supported the Substitute Motion. The study included bike
lanes along Embarcadero Road.          An analysis would provide more
information. She asked if the analysis would determine changes to the area,
how the area would look, and whether the area could accommodate a
satellite parking lot.

Mr. Rodriguez responded yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Holman, Klein, Schmid no

9.    Approval of Contract No. C15155728 in the not to Exceed Amount of
      $146,440 with American Institute of Architects California Council to
      Manage the Design Competition for the Pedestrian & Bicycle Overpass
      at Highway 101 CIP Project PE-11011.

10.   Approval of the Proposed Grocery Store Tenant (J&A Family Market)
      Within PC 5069 (College Terrace Centre) Based on the Finding that the
      Proposed Grocery Tenant Would Likely be Comparable in Quality of
      Products and Services as JJ&F as it Existed and Operated on December
      7, 2009 at 2180 El Camino Real.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Members disclose outside contacts that
provided information not in the public record.

                                                                     Page 18 of 36
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 08/11/14
