                             MINUTES
survey should capture information regarding meaningful onsite services in
terms of trip generation. The total number of employees had a different
informational value than the number of employees onsite at a given time.
Mode share was a very important consideration.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Ordinance should specifically state it
applied only to commercial business areas.

Ms. Silver framed the Ordinance as applying to any business that had a fixed
place of business; a commercial business that was not a home-based
business or a transitory business. The Council could restrict the Ordinance
to commercially zoned properties, but that would not capture as many
businesses.

Mayor Shepherd asked which businesses would not be captured.

Ms. Silver answered businesses located in industrial areas.

Mayor Shepherd considered industrial areas as commercial.

Ms. Silver explained that the Zoning Code distinguished between industrial
and commercial areas.

Mayor Shepherd preferred the Ordinance state it applied to non-residential
areas. That could be modified later if needed.

Mr. Fehrenbach clarified that a section of the Municipal Code related to
home-based businesses. The Ordinance was drafted for fixed places of
business in line with Mayor Shepherd's thoughts of commercial areas.

Mayor Shepherd suggested Staff include language to clarify that. Data was
needed to determine the number of trips into business locations. She
inquired whether the questionnaire should inquire about employees,
contractors and temporary workers.

Mr. Fehrenbach reported the intent was for the business owner to report for
all workers whether an employee or a contractor.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the questionnaire and fee would be fixed or based
on number of employees.

Mr. Fehrenbach indicated the fee would be fixed per business. Creating one
questionnaire for all sizes of business was difficult; however, Staff was

                                                                      Page 19 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/22/14
