                      FINAL MINUTES
ACTION ITEMS

Mayor Shepherd recused herself from Agenda Item Number 7 as her
husband maintained an office in Downtown Palo Alto.

7.   PUBLIC HEARING:        to Hear Objections to the Levy of Proposed
     Assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement
     District and Adoption of a Resolution 9412 entitled “Resolution of the
     Council of the City of Palo Alto Confirming the Report of the Advisory
     Board and Levying Assessment for Fiscal Year 2015 on the Downtown
     Palo Alto Business Improvement District.”

Vice Mayor Kniss reported this was the time and place for a public hearing
on the levy of an assessment on businesses in the Downtown Business
Improvement District (BID) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. The City established
the Palo Alto Downtown BID approximately ten years prior and was required
to hold a public hearing to authorize the levy of an assessment. On April 21,
2014, the Council set May 12, 2014 as the time and place for the public
hearing. The Council appointed the Board of Directors of the Palo Alto
Downtown Business and Professional Association as the Advisory Board for
the BID. The Advisory Board prepared an annual report and submitted it to
the Council. The City published the required notice in a local newspaper of
record regarding reauthorization of the BID for FY 2015 as required by law.
All interested persons would have an opportunity to provide testimony. At
the conclusion of the public hearing, the Council would determine whether or
not a majority protest existed. A majority protest would exist if the owners
of businesses paying 50 percent or more of the proposed levy of an
assessment filed and did not withdraw a written protest.

Public Hearing opened at 7:31 P.M.

Chop Keenan believed the BID assessment was basically a business license
tax imposed on Downtown commercial entities. The assessment was in
addition to the amount levied for parking bonds and the cost of parking
permits. The Council proposed a $75 fee for a business registry. Both a
registry fee and a BID assessment were not necessary.

Public Hearing closed at 7:34 P.M.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager, determined there
was not a majority protest.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
adopt the Resolution confirming the report of the Advisory Board and to levy
                                                                            Page 6 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
