                      FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Keene suggested altering the language of the last sentence from
“investigate alternative financing mechanisms for addition parking
structures” substituting it with "these potential parking structures". He
wanted it to be clear there were not additional structures intended.

Council Member Klein stated no, as he understood Council Member Schmid’s
proposal it was for additional parking garages. The finances were from the
infrastructure report and the word additional was intentional.

Mr. Keene explained that "additional" was not exceptional. It was inclusive
of the two parking garages in the Infrastructure Funding Plan.

Council Member Klein indicated funds for Parking Structure Number 1 were
identified in the Infrastructure Funding Plan. Council Member Schmid's
Amendment was to identify a different financing mechanism for an additional
parking structure.

Council Member Holman proposed "additional financing mechanisms" in
place of "alternative financing mechanisms." That would broaden the intent
to existing or additional parking structures.

Council Member Burt inquired whether ground-floor retail was intended to be
a direction for Staff.

Council Member Klein clarified that retail would be part of Staff's work.

Council Member Burt did not believe Lot E or G were appropriate locations
for retail. He understood Lot A was not placed on the original list of favored
sites because the Council did not consider a stacked parking approach. He
was unsure if the Council should limit parking lots if stacked parking could
be an efficient use of a location. He was interested in opening consideration
beyond Lots D and G for stacked packing.

Mr. Rodriguez reported that Lot A did not drop off the list; Staff did not
analyze it. Lot A was never on the list.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff believed stacked parking at Lot A as
proposed in the public-private partnership was a good alternative.

Mr. Rodriguez responded yes. Sandis reviewed Lot A after receiving the
public-private proposal and estimated that Lot A could provide 342 spaces in
a five-story parking garage.

Council Member Burt could not determine which lots the Council did not view
as prime locations but could be prime locations with stacked parking. He

                                                                           Page 32 of 35
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/20/14
