Ms. Stump explained a Study Session or a Closed Session could be a Special
Meeting at a different time or part of the Regular Meeting.

Council Member Scharff clarified a Regular Meeting could open with a Study
Session or a Closed Session.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to have Policy and Services Committee discuss and clean up
the Ordinance regarding Council meetings start times.

Cheryl Lilienstein suggested Staff place programs and processes on the
City's website and post agendas ten days in advance of meetings in the
interests of efficiency and transparency.

Stephanie Munoz felt the Council's remarks should be self-monitored. Each
Council Member should prepare a paragraph of ideas to discuss and
questions to ask. The public could have one minute to respond to Council
Member comments.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Burt agreed with scheduling special meetings on a standard
day. The start time for Study Sessions was elective as stated in the
protocols.   The Regular Meeting had a set time.     The Council should
reexamine Policies and Procedures while remembering the rationale for
existing policies. He inquired whether Council questions and comments
would continue to be combined into one round.

Mayor Shepherd noted that policy began three years prior.

Council Member Burt stated the Council should set a Council policy. Council
questions would inform public comment and public comment would then
inform Council discussion. There was value in segregating questions and
comments. Council Members were responsible for adhering to that
distinction. Oftentimes when a Motion was made during the comment period
some Council Members did not have an opportunity to speak.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Burt would like to refer the
process to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Burt indicated a number of issues needed better vetting.
The Council needed a process to provide input to the Policy and Services
Committee. He had not seen the Clerk's solicitation regarding review of
Council protocols.
                                                                     Page 22 of 23
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 02/01/14
