                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman felt there would be more appreciation of attempts
to accommodate housing if some basic premises were more rational.

Council Member Price understood the Capitol Corridor rail line was a regional
transportation corridor while the Caltrain Corridor was a commuter corridor.
The Capitol Corridor received some State funding because of that
designation. She suggested the Capitol Corridor's funding model or a similar
one be considered for the Caltrain Corridor.

Senator Hill was not aware of the regional and commuter corridor
designations. The distinction could be related to freight trains' use of the
corridor. With Cap and Trade Funds allocated to transportation and High
Speed Rail (HSR), resources would be focused on regional areas served by
HSR and regional rail. If HSR utilized the Caltrain Corridor, then the Caltrain
Corridor had to be successful and safe.

Council Member Price advised that land costs were a driving factor in the
development of housing. Local governments were being asked to identify
possible resources to support affordable housing. Local governments could
not increase the number of affordable housing units without partnerships
and recognition of the urgency of the issue.

Senator Hill reported the demise of redevelopment resulted in Legislators
attempting to craft some type of housing assistance for local governments
as well as plans to reinstate a form of redevelopment. Efforts to create
funding for housing were stalled by questions regarding a funding source.
The new Speaker of the Assembly included affordable housing and
homelessness in her priorities.

Council Member Price asked if Senator Hill had an action plan to address the
San Francisquito Creek and Golf Course issues.

Senator Hill believed there was a plan to resolve issues after meeting with
the State Water Board months ago.          However, Water Board actions
subsequent to the meeting changed the issues. He would review the Water
Board's responses to the Joint Power Authority's additional submissions and
consider whether more aggressive actions were needed. The Senate's
Environmental Quality Committee recently moved oversight of water quality
issues from the Public Health Department to the Water Board. Industry and
agricultural entities protested that move because of their experiences with
the Water Board. The Committee could reverse its action if the Water Board
did not make changes.

Council Member Berman appreciated Senator Hill's engagement with the City
regarding the Water Board.    Now was an opportune time to create
                                                                          Page 5 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/06/14
