                            MINUTES
Alma Plaza; therefore, all equipment had to be taken to and removed from
the facility for each event. For that reason, the City charged a fee for an
exclusive use event.

Council Member Holman remarked that the guidelines did not provide for a
group of neighbors wanting to meet to discuss City policy.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid that the matter of the utilization and associated fees for use
of Alma Plaza Community Room, as a public benefit of the PC, be sent to
Policy and Services Committee for vetting.

Council Member Holman believed the policy should be clear in the Budget.
She understood Staff was making policy decisions and questioned whether
the Council should provide policy.

Mr. Betts reported Policy Number I-29 was the City's Co-sponsorship Policy.
If approved, the Amendment would apply to all facilities. Staff utilized the
guidelines to answer Council Member Holman's question.

Council Member Burt suggested referral of the issue to the Policy and
Services Committee.

Council Member Holman requested the Policy and Services Committee clarify
the PC Ordinance.

Council Member Price inquired whether the language of the Amendment
clearly stated the matters referred to the Policy and Services Committee.

Mr. Keene understood the Amendment requested the Policy and Services
Committee to review the issues.

Council Member Price added policy issues and the issue of a public benefit
according to the PC Zoning Ordinance for Alma Plaza.

Mr. Keene suggested the Policy and Services Committee discuss the
intention of the public benefit and how that related to the fee.

Council Member Burt did not believe charging a neighborhood group to meet
at the Community Room fulfilled the intention of the public benefit. The
discussion of the PC specifically included use of the Community Room by
neighborhood groups.


                                                                      Page 30 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 06/09/14
