                     FINAL MINUTES
10 months each and could occur simultaneously, depending on how they
were staged. Construction of undercrossings with the lowering of Alma
Street would probably require 12-16 months. Construction of the trench
option was estimated to require 18-24 months and a shoofly, which would
take up half of Alma Street and require temporary rail and traffic signals.
Items in the previous study that were not considered due to construction
with High Speed Rail (HSR) were shoofly detours, signals, utilities and
pumps, and soft costs. The 1-percent grade trench alternative would be
19,990 feet or 3.8 miles long. A 2-percent grade trench would be 9,600 feet
or 1.82 miles long; and a 3-percent grade trench would be was 7,300 feet or
1.4 miles long.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the cost of construction of a shoofly was
included in the amounts.

Mr. Canepa answered yes.

Mayor Shepherd asked if all construction costs were bundled.

Mr. Canepa advised the report contained construction estimates.

Mayor Shepherd requested a description of where shooflies would enter the
tracks.

Mr. Canepa advised that shooflies would be located along Alma Street. They
could be done in two pieces, but there were advantages to doing them
simultaneously. Alma Street would be limited to two lanes with temporary
crossings to build bridges.

Council Member Burt felt members of the public would have expertise that
would assist the Council's discussion. He requested public comment proceed
at the current time.

Mayor Shepherd agreed to do so.

Arthur Keller felt the Council should consider undergrounding Caltrain south
of Oregon Expressway as well as north of the California Avenue station.
Crossings at California Avenue and over Oregon Expressway would be at-
grade with a 2-percent grade north and south. The trench should go under
Churchill Avenue and bring Embarcadero Road to grade with left turns in all
four directions. The trench should lower to an underground station at
University Avenue, below the existing underpass, and then tunnel under the
creek to surface in Menlo Park. The trench could have a lattice cover with a
linear park running in south Palo Alto. El Palo Alto Park could be expanded


                                                                           Page 13 of 35
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/20/14
