                             MINUTES
other issues while developing a strategic plan for parking and traffic
initiatives and redoing all information prepared for the current discussion.
She inquired whether the Council was asking Staff to describe the projects
on which they were currently working.

Council Member Klein responded yes.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Klein wanted the same type of
data as Council Member Schmid requested.

Council Member Klein answered yes. He was deliberately not being specific
regarding data. Given the range of comments and uncertainties, analysis
was premature. The Comprehensive Plan Update could require a great deal
of work, resulting in a delay of other projects that the Council wanted to
complete in a short time period. The Council would decide the priority of
projects. Given the wide variety of opinions from Staff and the Council
regarding the scenarios, the Council needed further clarification.

Council Member Burt stated the Council should discuss data needed when
the item returned rather than giving direction at the current time. He
suggested the Substitute Motion state "... continue this item. Direct Staff to
return as soon as possible with: 1) a menu and work plan for studies
underway with respect to traffic, parking, and zoning for Council review; 2)
direction on revised breadth and timing of the Comprehensive Plan Update
including direction on the EIR scoping process and additional data required."

Council Member Klein wanted to retain the phrase "taking into account
comments heard from Council tonight."

Council Member Burt suggested adding "3) review of potential changes to
the Zoning Code and Zoning Map."

Council Member Klein believed that would be a major work assignment for
Staff.

Council Member Burt explained it would initiate discussion.

Council Member Klein felt zoning changes were included in "studies
underway for traffic, parking, and zoning for Council review."

Council Member Burt disagreed.

Mr. Keene interpreted the Substitute Motion as Staff would return with a
menu and present a work plan. That would be relatively simple. Number 2
appeared to be a Council discussion of the breadth and scope of the
Comprehensive Plan. If Number 2 was direction to Staff, the information
                                                                        Page 18 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
