1)    Exercise an option to extend a consulting contract with Sherry L. Lund
      Associates for one year ending June, 30, 2015, for a total cost not to
      exceed $58,161 for the following elements:

      a.    Consulting Services related to Council Appointed Officers’ the
            2013-2014 Annual Performance Reviews for Three Council
            Appointed Officers for a Total Cost Not to Exceed $31,588;
      b.    Mid-year Performance Review Updates for a Total Cost Not to
            Exceed $8,003;
      c.    Solicitation of Staff Feedback Related to Performance Evaluations
            for a Total Cost Not to Exceed $10,070;
      d.    As-Needed       Services   for    Compensation,     Organizational
            Development and Human Resources Consulting for a Total Not to
            Exceed $6,000; and
      e.    Additional Services for a Total Cost Not to Exceed $2,500, and

2)    Add an additional Closed Session meeting, in August, for City Auditor
      goal setting.

Chair Scharff inquired whether the Committee needed another closed
session review of the City Auditor goal setting process.

Ms. Lund needed to know that persons start date in order to determine a
date.

Chair Scharff indicated the new City Auditor's start date was April 16, 2014.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Ms. Lund needed a third date in August
for the City Auditor meeting.

Ms. Lund indicated the City Auditor meeting should be separate, because it
was a different process.

Council Member Klein believed the City Auditor and City Manager meetings
could be held the same night. Because goals for the City Auditor's Office
were set two years ago, the goals for the new City Auditor should be
substantially similar.

Ms. Lund agreed goals could be similar. Once an employee had been in a
job three to four months, he/she understood the process in a more detailed
way.

Vice Mayor Kniss stated the City Auditor meeting should be separate.

MOTION PASSED: 4-0
                                   8                         April 3, 2014
