                      FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Keene could respond to Council questions and comments regarding
polling with Staff present at the meeting.

Mayor Shepherd announced the Council would take up ballot language and
polling from Item Number 21 at the appropriate time.

Council Member Holman felt as though the review bodies had not understood
that the South El Camino Design Guidelines and the Grand Boulevard
Initiative had been studied extensively and considered many different
things. She expressed concerns about the vagary of the language in the
Ordinance. For example, packet page 531, section 250, did not set limits on
the extent to which furniture could encroach. It did not state that the
columns were to create a pedestrian arcade. That appeared to be left to
interpretation. She questioned the meaning of land use and adjacency in
the footnote on packet page 535. ARB recommendations were not reflected
clearly in the Ordinance. The ARB recommended a 9 foot effective sidewalk
where appropriate, which was 3 feet less than the existing requirement. The
Guidelines discussed a pedestrian-oriented 12 foot sidewalk rather than an
effective sidewalk. She thanked Staff for clarifying that the setback was
meant as an amenity space for the property owner. Number 5 under
Guiding Principles A.1.A discussed encouraging two- and three-story
buildings. Four-story buildings were the reality. Building facades should be
articulated with clearly expressed bases, bodies, and roofs or parapets. Part
of the problem was that the City had guidelines rather than standards.
Some of the Guidelines should be adopted as standards. Alma Plaza was
covered by signage; however, the Guidelines were often referenced in
approving that project. The City should prohibit reflective glass at the
ground level. Details and features should be architecturally valid and not
just decorative.     Street frontage should have continuous ground-floor
commercial uses characterized by display windows, recessed entries, and
amenities. Staff was not utilizing the Guidelines.

Council Member Scharff indicated the ARB's suggestion was unclear and
inquired about the process to incorporate the ARB's suggestion to modify the
Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the Council could adopt the Ordinance, defer the
Ordinance to a later date to allow a larger discussion or, the ARB's
suggestion, adopt a modified Ordinance. The ARB suggested a couple of
modifications. The Council could make modifications to the Ordinance as
long as the issues had been discussed by the ARB and the PTC. That type of
modification would not have to be referred to the ARB and PTC.


                                                                          Page 13 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
