                      FINAL MINUTES
William Ross spoke regarding Agenda Item Seven. He supported Mr. Balin's
comments. Numerous residents had received inconsistent indications from
Staff that they were not entitled to notice. On that basis, the Council should
hear the appeal in total.

Lois Salo spoke regarding Agenda Item Eight. She wanted the City to buy
the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park property so that those residents could
remain in their homes. The City needed to obtain more funds to build low-
income housing.

Stephanie Munoz spoke regarding Agenda Item Eight. She believed the City
had a duty to provide shelter for homeless people. The City did not fully
utilize funds or assets it possessed.

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item 12. He noted the City Clerk
recommended eliminating the requirement from the Charter that the order
of candidates' names be determined by lot. The Council could not eliminate
an item from the Charter. The Council should direct the City Attorney to
present an Ordinance utilizing the Secretary of State's process.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society spoke regarding
Agenda Item Three. She supported the Power Purchase Agreement in
Agenda Item Number 3. The project did not damage wildlife habitats.

Council Member Klein recused himself from Item Number 7 as his wife was a
faculty member at Stanford University.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-17.
3.   Resolution 9416 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving a Power Purchase Agreement with 65HK 8me LLC for
     up to 60,000 Megawatt-Hours Per Year of Energy Over 34 Years for a
     Total Amount Not to Exceed $130 Million.”
4.   Approval of Two Agreements:          (a) Agreement with the San
     Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority and its Member Agencies for
     Funding of Construction of the San Francisquito Creek Flood Reduction,
     Ecosystem Restoration, and Recreation Project, San Francisco Bay to
     Highway 101, and (b) Memorandum of Understanding between the
     San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority and the City of Palo Alto
     Concerning the Mitigation of Impacts to the Palo Alto Municipal Golf
     Course Due to the San Francisquito Creek Flood Reduction, Ecosystem
     Restoration, and Recreation Project, San Francisco Bay to Highway
     101; and Adoption of a Resolution 9417 entitled “Resolution of the
                                                                            Page 4 of 26
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
