Mike Alcheck encouraged the Council to consider each young voice in the
process as a representative of a greater number of young Palo Alto
residents. He hoped the process would explore innovative approaches to
address residents' concerns while encouraging property owners to reinvest in
their properties. Perhaps the City should consider an ordinance limiting the
number of chain retail establishments, similar to that enacted in San
Francisco. Local retailers were more invested in the community.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to accept Staff recommendation to endorse “Our Palo Alto: A
Community Conversation about our City’s Future” as a conceptual
framework for ideas, actions, and design during the next year, and
requesting that staff: (a) convene a series of topical conversations and
events throughout the year aimed at building community by broadening civic
engagement about issues and ideas that are important to our City; (b)
return to the Council with specific recommendations regarding near-term
actions to address critical issues such as traffic and parking; and (c) return
to Council with a specific schedule and scope of work to create a blueprint
for the future of land use and development in our City by re-framing the
ongoing update to the Comprehensive Plan to include broad community
engagement, discussion and analysis of alternative futures, cumulative
impacts, and mitigation strategies.

Council Member Price supported the steps outlined. Richer conversations
would occur as the process evolved. Having working conversations with
residents and businesses and developing a learning community would blend
various approaches and consider innovative ideas.

Council Member Berman was excited by the initiative as it had the potential
to bring together the entire community to discuss challenges. The process
was thorough and provided a long-term vision. Having experts facilitate
community discussions was a good idea. He was heartened by the younger
members of the community who spoke and wished to participate in the
community. The opportunity for a broader conversation regarding issues
would be incredibly valuable for the entire community.          Change was
inevitable; however, the process hopefully could control change.

Council Member Schmid felt earlier public comments was a great example of
people speaking about long-term issues that faced the Council. Residential
change and commercial change often conflicted.          The Council and
community needed a method to adapt and build change that was logical for
the community. Perhaps opportunities would arise that would allow Staff to
define groups of change or transition and then form conversations around
those groups.

                                                                        Page 10 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/03/14
