                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman reported the Council could discuss in January whether there
was a geographic component to an annual limit and implications of that for
Downtown versus other geographic areas. The numbers Council Member
Schmid referred to were specific to the Downtown area. Staff intended the
January discussion to pertain to the entire City.

Council Member Schmid felt Staff should establish a method for monitoring
whatever came from the Comprehensive Plan. Reviewing the quality of
monitoring efforts in the past would be an important activity during the
course of the year.

Ms. Gitelman remarked that legacies from the Downtown CAP Study, the
current Comprehensive Plan, and the land-use study created district
boundaries and terminology that might not be sufficient for the new
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Schmid indicated another monitoring question came from
the Development CAP Study where the difference between base zoning Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) and FAR with bonuses and incentives was quite dramatic.
Bonuses and incentives were originally established to create a vital retail
center. He asked why bonuses and incentives were only used in the retail
overlay rather than throughout the Downtown.

Ms. Gitelman deferred a substantive response until issues could be
discussed. Staff was asking if the Council wanted them to proceed in the
manner described.

Council Member Schmid commented that retail was identified as an issue
that might be tied to zoning in some way. He was in favor of relatively
simple and straightforward scenarios with elements that could be applied to
all scenarios.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the Council could provide
additional topics for the series of working sessions.

Ms. Gitelman was open to suggestions. The list of topics could not be
unlimited if Staff was to prepare for substantive discussions.

Council Member Berman asked if the Council should provide suggestions in
the current meeting or early in the new year.

Ms. Gitelman replied early in the new year.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to direct Staff to:


12/08/2014                                                          116- 211
