                             MINUTES
water in a fountain or decorative water feature. The prohibitions did not
apply to use of recycled water. In addition, exceptions were available for
health and safety needs. Failure to abide by restrictions could result in fines
to individuals of up to $500 per day. Urban water suppliers were required to
activate water shortage contingency plans to a level that implemented
mandatory restrictions on irrigation and to provide monthly reports of water
use to the Board. Water agencies that failed to comply with the Board's
order were subject to penalties of up to $10,000 per day. Restrictions in the
Municipal Code mirrored two of the State's restrictions regarding runoff and
hoses and contained additional restrictions not mandated by the State. The
City's Municipal Code and the 2010 Urban Water Management Plan
contemplated mandatory reductions from the SFPUC, which would trigger a
Council declaration of a local water shortage emergency. The declaration
would then trigger reenactment of further water use restrictions contained
within the Municipal Code. Because the City was not facing a local water
shortage emergency, Staff proposed a modified program that complied with
the States' emergency regulations while maintaining the Council's discretion
to respond to local conditions. Proposed actions were responsive to the
irrigation restriction requirement and adopted the additional restrictions on
individuals' water use. Staff proposed increased enforcement of existing
water use restrictions contained in the Municipal Code and the addition of
three restrictions for the duration of the State's emergency regulations.
Staff proposed limiting irrigation of landscapes to the hours before 10:00
A.M. and after 6:00 P.M. with exceptions for drop irrigation, soaker hoses,
and hand watering; prohibiting the application of potable water to driveways
and sidewalks; requiring recirculating systems if potable water was used in a
decorative feature. These restrictions did not apply to the use of recycled
water.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about ornamental landscape.

Ms. Lloyd replied that lawns, shrubs, and trees were ornamental landscape.
She presumed a vegetable or edible garden was accepted. If the Council
adopted the proposed Resolution, Staff would continue outreach and
conservation programs and create an interdepartmental drought team.
Utilities Staff was working with the City Attorney's office to determine
whether additional actions and authorizations were required for
enforcement. The Board required monthly reports beginning in August
2014; however, it had not provided a report template. Staff was cataloging
reports of water waste and tracked water supplies and sales.          Staff
recommended the Council adopt a Resolution implementing outdoor water
use restrictions in compliance with the Board's July 15, 2014 Emergency
Drought Regulations.



                                                                         Page 22 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/04/14
