                              MINUTES

In the P&TC hearings, four of the six residential stakeholders stated explicitly
they wanted a larger role for the City Council to bypass the year-long
process. The ability to move quickly had a great deal of merit.

Ms. Gitelman agreed, which was why Staff included Section 10.50.040 which
would allow the Council and a neighborhood to bypass the prioritization
component of the process. Public outreach and P&TC deliberations would
benefit from data and analysis mentioned in Subsection (d).

Council Member Schmid noted that (d) and (e) were explicitly identified as
areas that would leave priority setting in the hands of the P&TC.

Ms. Gitelman believed the P&TC did discuss prioritization regarding permit
sales.

Council Member Schmid indicated that discussion occurred after the four
stakeholders had spoken. Staff should clarify that statement. Mr. Derrick
had provided language.

Ms. Gitelman inquired whether Council Member Schmid was suggesting
modification of Section 10.50.040.

Council Member Schmid replied yes. That would be a way to deal with the
Council's ability to identify promptly an issue that arose in the community.

Ms. Gitelman asked if Council Member Schmid was recommending inclusion
of the comment language that would bypass data collection and analysis
phase prior to presenting an RPP District to the P&TC.

Council Member Schmid commented that the language clearly prioritized a
timeline determined by the Council.

Ms. Silver clarified that the P&TC reviewed a draft Ordinance that did not
contain a provision for the City Council to bypass the prioritization process.
That provision was added to the Ordinance in response to community
comments and P&TC direction.

Council Member Schmid stated Packet Pages 902-903 contained the
discussion of Council initiation; however, priority setting remained in the
hands of the P&TC. He inquired whether the setting of fees should be
contained in the Resolution.

Ms. Gitelman envisioned fees being set in the Resolution rather than the
Ordinance.




12/02/2014                                                              116- 174
