designed to avoid a free-for-all discussion which wasted time. The Council
should comment first, so the public could provide appropriate input.

Mayor Shepherd agreed the process for the Retreat was not the process
adopted by the Council in 2013; however, it was a new process and this was
the first time it was used.

Council Member Klein felt the City Manager's request for suggested Priorities
was confusing. In 2013 the Council agreed to adopt Priorities for two
consecutive years with the understanding that a compelling case could
warrant a change in Priorities.

Council Member Price was uncertain regarding the topic for Council
comment. She questioned whether she should speak to a process for setting
Priorities, retaining the 2013 Priorities for 2014, or defending her suggested
Priorities.

Mayor Shepherd suggested Council Members comment on the process for
setting Priorities or retention of the 2013 Priorities for 2014.

Council Member Price originally believed the 2013 Priorities should be
retained for 2014. Based on results of the previous year's work, she now
believed the Council should determine slightly different focus areas.
Priorities should be Transportation and Mobility, Environmental issues,
Sustainability, and Climate and Drought Adaptation.

Mayor Shepherd understood Council Member Price wished to discuss
expanding Priorities.

Council Member Price indicated the Work Plan was already vast and dictated
Council action.

Council Member Berman preferred a discussion of Council Priorities.

Vice Mayor Kniss stated the Council needed to complete planning for
infrastructure projects. A community conversation was a good Priority to
have.

Mayor Shepherd hoped the Council would indicate whether it wished to hold
a discussion of Priorities.

Council Member Burt wished to have some discussion of Priorities. The
Council should hold to its definition of a Priority and to its commitment to
continue Priorities for a two-year period unless change was needed.
                                                                         Page 8 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/01/14
