                            MINUTES
Mike Sartor, Director of Public Works, added that in February 2013 the
Council authorized Staff to issue an RFP for contracting street sweeping
services. Since June 2014, Staff negotiated with service providers and
talked with the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) regarding
impacts to Staff.

Ron Arp, Solid Waste Manager, advised that the 2012 survey found that Palo
Alto swept streets more often than other cities surveyed and that many local
jurisdictions contracted street sweeping services. A total of 11 budgeted
positions were responsible for the sweeping and cleaning program. Staff
recommended a reduction of seven positions. The remaining four positions
would continue to sweep and clean parking lots, sidewalks, bike paths, and
dead ends. The annual cost would be approximately $1.4 million. The
proposed plan did not reduce the frequency of sweeping in the
University/California Avenue area, along El Camino Real, parking lots,
garages, dead ends, bike paths, sidewalks, or medians.         Sweeping in
residential and light commercial areas would be reduced to every other week
during the non-leaf season.        Emergency responses would be handled
through a combination of contracted and in-house resources. Implementing
the plan would save approximately $649,000 annually and reduce the City's
pension and healthcare long-term liabilities. The plan would allow Staff to
handle equipment down-time and employee absences more efficiently.
Environmental benefits included use of fewer heavy sweepers, reduced
greenhouse gas emissions, use of new sweepers with less emissions, and
removal of debris from streets. Use of in-house staff for sweeping every
other week during non-leaf season would provide minimal savings. Two of
the affected seven Staff had been promoted or reassigned. Staff was
working to place affected employees. SEIU offered alternative proposals
which Staff reviewed and determined were not feasible. Staff determined an
impasse was reached and conveyed the determination to SEIU in August
2014. The proposed contractor, Contract Sweeping Services, was willing to
interview and potentially hire affected Staff. One-time benefits included
selling equipment and a transfer of approximately $1 million from the
Vehicle Fund to the Refuse Fund. The Department would fund 500 hours for
on-call sweeping of leaves during non-leaf season. Staff would continue
working to place affected Staff into vacant positions.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the savings to households would
be $2.80 in the second year.

Mr. Arp indicated the reduction to the fixed fee was $1.40 for Fiscal Year
2015. A full year of savings would be calculated each year.


                                                                      Page 29 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/22/14
