Mr. Rodriguez noted the Dumbarton Express traveled to the Union City BART
station. Staff was attempting to develop a route that traveled specifically to
Fremont while bypassing Menlo Park. The community did not ask for a route
to the San Antonio Caltrain station during the outreach meetings held in
2011.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff received emails concerning the San
Antonio Caltrain station.

Mr. Rodriguez had not received those emails.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt people preferred to ride fun transit. It was important
for the Council to consider subtle details. Staff should keep in mind the
goals of moving people around the community and removing cars from the
road while considering the real life aspects of public transportation.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.    Direction to Staff on Lease Terms for the Renewal of the Cubberley
       Lease Between City of Palo Alto and Palo Alto Unified School District.

Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real Property Manager, reported the City signed the
lease in 1989 and exercised an option for an additional 10 years. The lease
term expired December 31, 2014 with a month-to-month holdover tenancy
available thereafter.   The projected cost for 2014 was approximately
$7,150,000. From 1989 through 2013, the City paid Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) approximately $136 million. Assuming the City renewed
the lease for 20 years, the City would pay approximately $106 million, not
including the Covenant not to Develop and Consumer Price Index (CPI)
increases.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated he and PAUSD Superintendent Skelly
had explored ideas and options; however, eliminating the Covenant not to
Develop and CPI increases was impeding discussions. He was seeking
explicit Council direction regarding terms for a future lease. The purpose of
the Covenant not to Develop no longer existed. The condition of the
facilities was degenerating faster than the CPI increased. A longer lease
term would allow the City to plan for the site as well as provide flexibility for
PAUSD. Funds currently directed to the Covenant not to Develop could be
redirected to needed investments at Cubberley facilities including those
contained within PAUSD's portion of the site. Reconfiguring the City's 8
acres within the Cubberley site could allow the City to develop a viable, long-
term community center.




02/24/2014                                                                114- 341
