                             MINUTES
Fred Balin, Appellant remarked that the areas of appeal dealt with the Fire
Code, congestion on Columbia Street, garage mirrors, and Safe Routes to
School.    The Development Agreement Requirement on a Site Specific
Circulation Analysis and the view of the City’s Traffic Engineer needed to be
decided on by Council but the decision regarding the tentative map
depended on State law and the Comprehensive Plan.              He referenced
Appendix D in Ordinance 5223 which outlined fire apparatus access roads
and dead-end streets. Dead-end roads in excess of 150 feet needed to be
provided with width to enable turnaround provisions of a 151-500 feet: a
turnaround of 120 feet in the shape of a hammerhead, a 60 foot “Y”
turnaround, or a 96 foot diameter cul-de-sac. The Fire Code did not support
Staff’s interpretation of fire access roads because driveways needed a
turnaround but the Fire Code states that a turnaround “shall be provided.”
There were no fire hydrants that reached the dead-end streets.              He
suggested an exit road be put in place of a dead-end street, along with
another fire hydrant, and on grounds of liability, that the Council follow the
Fire Code. Regarding congestion on Columbia Street, 77 percent of the
vehicles exiting the complex took Columbia Street. The road near one of the
proposed dead-end streets needed to be extended and a garage accessed by
mirrors needed to be taken away. People used the most convenient exits,
which created traffic.    Stanford’s consultant said that in the morning
commute hours, most people used the Columbia Street exit, the most
convenient exit; this was confirmed with a previous study done at Peter
Coutts village where people found an unequal distribution of cars. The
recommended route for Safe Routes to School was through Bowdoin Street
or Hanover Street because of the crosswalks, which was not a condition of
the project. Regarding sidewalks and road widths, there was no sidewalk on
Amherst Street because of the retaining walls and trees. Additionally there
was a street that was narrower than 24 feet; the streets needed to be
widened to match the streets in College Terrace. People were concerned
about traffic and have asked to have an exit onto Page Mill Road.

Jean McCown, applicant said the Mayfield Development Agreement was
approved by Council in 2005; it was an agreement between the City and
Stanford University. This project received extensive feedback from College
Terrace and the Peter Coutts neighborhoods. The partnership enjoyed the
benefit of new soccer playing fields, moving almost 3,000 square feet of
space from College Terrace, which was going to potentially lower housing
density. This was a mutually agreed to requirement within a binding
Development Agreement that included an approved Environmental Impact
Report (EIR). She noted that in exchange for the building of Stanford
University housing, the City agreed to narrow their future discretions when
approving its housing projects and to limit their mitigation measures. The


06/23/2014                                                       115- 212
