tools and collaborations to assist employers with expanding parking
programs.

Council Member Price felt the key element was stakeholder engagement
which would determine next steps. She assumed implementation would
involve performance measures. She expressed concern that Staff could
expend a large amount of time and labor to ensure RPP Districts worked
efficiently. RPP Programs in other cities cost the cities large amounts of
money. Permit costs needed to be reasonable for lower-paid workers. The
system had to be fair, balanced and effective.

Council Member Berman indicated the issue was complex. Staff and the
Council received a great deal of public input. He asked about the timeframe
between residents approaching the City and implementation of an RPP
Program.

Ms. Gitelman stated that the process would most likely require nine to
twelve months because the process was iterative. A one-year trial period
would be in addition to that period.

Mr. Keene noted the first criterion was identification of the source of non-
resident parking intrusion. Secondly, Staff would have to prioritize their
support and evaluation of the formation of an RPP District. Priority would be
given to those areas with the most crucial problems.

Council Member Berman inquired about the method for identifying the
source of neighborhood intrusion.

Ms. Gitelman explained two possible methods. In collecting and analyzing
data, Staff would attempt to elicit whether the intrusion was coming from
residential or non-residential sources.   The Downtown CAP Study was
reviewing employee parking demand and could provide information for RPP
Programs. The second method was an opt-out option. An RPP Program
would provide different permits to residents and employees and thereby
immediately quantify employee demand. The challenge for that method was
slowly phasing out employee permits as TDM measures and parking supply
measures were implemented.

Council Member Berman would support the opt-out method. The goal was
to incentivize the purchase of permits. Employees should not incur the
entire cost of permits. Business owners needed to participate in decreasing
demand. Homeowners should not expect parking spaces in front of their
homes. He encouraged Staff to streamline the process. When implementing
an RPP Program, Staff should consider that any parking problem would

                                                                       Page 13 of 19
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/27/2014
