                             MINUTES
Option Number 2 would construct a facility on the Measure E site. Palo Alto
Green Energy proponents would support shipping materials to an outside
composting facility. Currently, yard trimmings were shipped to Z-Best for
composting.      Other composting facilities were Zero Waste Energy
Development (ZWED), Newby Island, and Harvest-Lathrop. GreenWaste had
constructed a dry anaerobic digester that could accept material from Palo
Alto. Option Number 1 provided the lowest cost for the City. Option Number
2 would provide a local facility. With either option, Staff needed to collect
residential food scraps differently. Currently, residential food scraps were
mixed with garbage, while commercial food scraps were collected separately.
Under Option Number 1, Staff would select the best location outside Palo Alto
and return in March 2015 with information. Under Option Number 2,
construction of a new facility in Palo Alto would be complete in 2018.

Andy Benedetti, BioMRF Technologies, requested Staff explain their reasons
for excluding BioMRF's proposal. Staff submitted ten questions to BioMRF;
however, none of the questions addressed reasons for excluding BioMRF's
proposal. BioMRF could offer the best technology at the best price.

Tom Jordan advised that the State claimed title to the landfill site, and the
City had not requested permission from the State to build a compost facility
on the site. The State Lands Commission suggested the City would not
receive permission. The City signed a lease that obligated it to build a
passive park on the site.

Karen Sundback supported postponing construction of a local composting
facility. The Newby Island facility would close in either 5 or 15 years
depending on the outcome of pending litigation. The Zero Waste facility was
too small to handle all material from Newby Island. Construction of a local
facility would be the responsible solution at some point in the future.

Carol B. Muller remarked that Byxbee Park offered unprecedented views of
both the Bay and mountains; was a Mecca for bird watching; offered more
than 5 miles of trails; and contained educational art pieces. She urged the
Council to fulfill the promise of Byxbee Park.

Peter Drekmeier, Palo Altans for Green Energy, was disappointed by the RFP
requirement for an enclosed building. A local facility could be less expensive
in the long run. He requested the Council table a composting facility on the
Measure E site and encourage Staff to proceed with an anaerobic digester.

Emily Renzel supported Option Number 1. Zero waste and sustainability
goals could be achieved through either option. Local aerobic composting of
yard trimmings would produce no energy and offered no significant
advantages.

12/08/2014                                                             116- 219
