                      FINAL MINUTES
James Keene, City Manager, did not read the Resolution to define
commercial in any way.

Council Member Scharff felt multifamily housing should be included in
commercial property.

Vice Mayor Kniss suggested the Council not amend the Resolution.

Council Member Scharff indicated Staff drafted the Resolution.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that Evolve drafted the Resolution and Staff added
two clauses. The Council could suggest revisions to Evolve.

Council Member Scharff understood the Council was supporting a general
statement as opposed to a ballot initiative.

Mayor Shepherd reported there was no ballot initiative. The Resolution was
a general support for Proposition 13 reform with respect to commercial
property.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt in the end all commercial property could be included in
reform.

Council Member Scharff understood change in ownership of a corporate
structure resulted in reassessment of commercial property. A change of
ownership was defined as ownership changing more than 50 percent. He
inquired about the purpose of the Council passing the Resolution.

Mr. Fregosi reported the goal of the Resolution was to address the fairness
issue. Approximately 59 percent of voters supported regular assessment of
nonresidential, commercial properties. Proposition 13 was popular amongst
homeowners. The State Legislature needed to address the fundamental
inequity in the taxation system.

Council Member Berman sympathized with the inequities of Proposition 13;
however, he was aware of the political realities of the situation.    He
supported the conversation about reform.

Mayor Shepherd supported the Resolution. Reform would take many years.
She hoped some accommodations could be made for small businesses.

Council Member Holman favored reform of Proposition 13 but would not
support the Resolution. She wanted to focus on loopholes and property
owners of a certain size.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Holman no
                                                                           Page 23 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
