             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
             DRAFT MINUTES
                                                            Regular Meeting
                                                         September 8, 2014


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:02 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
           Shepherd

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.   Review of Menu of Current Traffic, Parking and Zoning Initiatives
     Presently Underway and Options for Potential Changes to the
     Commercial Portions of the Zoning Code and Zoning Map.

Mayor Shepherd advised that on August 6, 2014, the Council requested Staff
return with a Study Session regarding existing commercial zoning; a
summary of current traffic, parking, and zoning initiatives; baseline data
related to the Comprehensive Plan Update; and suggestions for the scope
and breadth of the Comprehensive Plan Update. Baseline data was recently
made available. The purpose of the current Study Session was to generate
ideas about commercial zoning changes that could be implemented.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, reported
Staff was present for 1) a discussion of current traffic, parking, and zoning
initiatives and 2) potential changes to commercial portions of the Zoning
Code and Zoning Map. Staff wanted to schedule a discussion of baseline
data, which was released the prior week, and the breadth and scope of the
Comprehensive Plan Update for early October 2014. The list of zoning and
land use initiatives contained in the Council Packet did not include work
related to the processing of applications, to ongoing programs, to the
Individual Review (IR) program, and to changes to commercial portions of
the Zoning Map and Zoning Code. Staff would return with Action Items as
directed by the Council.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested Ms. Gitelman review the usual process for
updating the Comprehensive Plan.


                                                                     Page 1 of 40
