                             MINUTES

Council Member Holman understood that GHG was embedded within
Technical Approach Number 5. She requested Staff separate GHG benefits
and inquired whether factors would be weighted differently if GHG had a
higher weight.

Mr. Krupp could return with scoring criteria for Council comment.

Council Member Holman inquired about reasons for Staff to prepare
alternative recommendations.

Mr. Keene stated a difference of opinion in the community was the reason.
Staff felt it appropriate to provide a response in advance of the meeting.

Council Member Holman requested the City Attorney provide the language of
Measure E.

Ms. Silver reported the first provision of Measure E removed the 10 acres
from parkland. The 10 acres were removed from dedication for the purpose
of building a biological conversion facility to handle yard trimmings, food
waste and/or sewage sludge from the Regional Wastewater Treatment Plant.
The second provision stated if the property was not utilized within ten years
for the facility, then the Council could vote to rededicate it as parkland.

Council Member Holman thought the purpose of the ten-year period was to
study the viability of a biosolids facility.

Ms. Silver agreed that was probably the intent behind the provisions and
mentioned in the findings. It was not contained within the actual operative
provisions of Measure E.

Council Member Holman inquired whether partner cities agreed to all issues.

Mr. Bobel replied no. The five partner agencies to the Regional Wastewater
Treatment Plant would not take action until Palo Alto took action. With
respect to the biosolids part of the plan, partner agencies would agree. With
respect to Components 1 and 2, partner agencies understood they had to
agree.    The City Manager and Mayor sent communications to partner
agencies regarding interest in partnering on Components 3 and 4. Staff had
not received any response. Partner agencies would not want to renegotiate
their contracts in the middle of contract periods.




04/29/2014                                                           114- 535
