                             MINUTES
He felt the community expected the Council to be citizen representative and
not foremost politicians.

Mayor Shepherd believed if Palo Alto did not have seated members on
regional boards it would be difficult to favor Palo Alto interests at a higher
level than current.

MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Klein, Kniss, Price, Shepherd yes

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to not place the reduction of Council seats from 9-7 on the 2014
Ballot.

Council Member Scharff felt reduction of the Council seats would not benefit
the citizenry. Comparing Palo Alto seated Council Members to other cities of
similar size was not a valid argument because Palo Alto was unique with
their own utilities and a very actively involved community. Having 9 Council
Members caused a higher level thought process.

Council Member Holman mentioned the addition of the airport increased the
Council’s workload. She agreed there were things that could be done to
reduce meeting lengths but reducing Council was not the most logical. She
felt providing a reasonable compensation would encourage more candidates.
Public service was important and that was the purpose of Council and
serving your community should not be a financial hardship.

Council Member Price was not supportive of the Motion. She stated other
communities did well with 5 or 7 Council Members. She noted it was
challenging for Staff to manage 9 different Council Members and their
schedules.

Council Member Burt agreed the workload on Staff for a 9-Member Council
was heavy. He felt a 9-Member Council was a less efficient governing body.
Although, a larger body provided a more diverse representation of the
citizenry, drove the need for a broader majority in initiatives and Motions,
and there was a sharing of the workload.

Council Member Klein stated over the years of his service it has been
requested to reduce the number of Council where he had not been
interested. He did not feel 7-members would reduce the workload nor would
remaining at 9-members increase the representation throughout the
community.



06/16/2014                                                             115- 169
