Ms. Lund stated the revisions in red on pages 11 and 12 replaced that.

Chair Scharff suggested Committee Members discuss tasks altogether.

Council Member Klein expressed concern that the midyear was not
consistent in what it was supposed to accomplish. He was skeptical
regarding the way it had been handled.

Ms. Lund felt a year was a long time between reviews of goals and progress.
The midyear gave the Council an opportunity to request a Committee report
regarding progress and gave the CAO an opportunity to ask questions.

Council Member Klein recalled the Committee first used the term "check-in."
Several Council Members never accepted that; they treated the check-in as
a midyear performance review. Ms. Lund referred to it as a performance
update.

Ms. Lund believed a check-in and an update were not significantly different.
She never put in writing or stated that the midyear was a mini performance
review. The midyear was a place for the Council and CAOs to align. The
purpose of any of the components of the process was for the Council and
people who controlled vast resources to align regarding goals and
accomplishments.

Council Member Klein felt Ms. Lund's telephone calls triggered a mini
midyear review rather than a check-in.

Ms. Lund indicated if she received feedback through telephone calls that
something was misaligned, then she returned to the CAO and asked him to
address it. A check-in concerned the specific goals set for the CAO. The
City was unique in that CAOs reported to nine people.

Council Member Klein was not sure the check-in as currently structured
functioned the way Ms. Lund described the ideal.            Council Member
discussions were to some degree as evaluative as a full review.

Ms. Lund was open to feedback and could make changes as the Committee
directed.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the most difficult part of the process was the number of
Council Members. Ms. Lund compiled information and allowed nine people to
deliver the same message.

Council Member Klein stated the midyear was not intended to be evaluative.


                                   3                         April 3, 2014
