                 ACTION MINUTES
4.   Approval of Agreement with Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board for
     Rail Shuttle Bus Service Administration to Provide Community Shuttle
     Service on the Existing Embarcadero Shuttle Route from July 2014 till
     June 2015.

5.   Approval and Authorization for the City Manager to Execute a Master
     Country Agreement with Equinix LLC and Delegating the Authority to
     the City Manager to Execute Individual Service Orders Under That
     Master Agreement for a Term Not-to-Exceed Five Years and a Total
     Not-to-Exceed Amount of $500,000.

6.   Budget Amendment Ordinance 5266 entitled “Budget Amendment
     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in the Amount of
     $233,030 for Development of Sustainability and Climate Action Plan
     (S/CAP).”

7.   Resolution 9455 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Authorizing the Acceptance of the Allocation of Funds and the
     Execution of a Grant Agreement with the Federal Aviation
     Administration (FAA) in the Amount of $500,027 or Other Amount
     Specified in the FAA Grant Letter for an Airport Improvement Program
     Matching Grant for the Palo Alto Airport Runway and Taxiways
     Rehabilitation Improvement Project.”

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent

Action Items

8.   Adoption of an Ordinance Dedicating 7.7 Acres Of Land Deeded To The
     City By Russell Lee To Become A Part Of Foothills Park And Approve
     Letter Of Appreciation To The Lee Family.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) adopt the ordinance reserving 7.7 acres of land deeded to the
City of Palo Alto by the Russel V. Lee Trust in 1981, for park, recreation or
conservation purposes, and incorporating existing granted easements; and
2) authorize the Mayor to finalize and sign the attached letter of sincere
thanks to the Lee Family for the gift of the parcel to the City.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent



                                                                           Page 2 of 4
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 08/18/14
