                            MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman indicated that Recommendation Number 2 clearly stated that
the annual program was specific to office and R&D.

Council Member Burt noted the Council did not abandon consideration of
other interim zoning changes; however, it was not included in Staff's
recommendations. He wanted the Council to have the option to discuss
other interim changes at the January meeting.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include in Number 2 of the Motion that Council
may identify interim zoning changes for future consideration.
Mr. Keene advised that Staff was conducting some analysis of potential
interim zoning changes. The addition to the Motion indicated the Council
would identify interim zoning changes at the January meeting.

Ms. Stump explained that at the January meeting the Council would need to
direct Staff to return with changes, so that notice could be given to the
public. The Council could not take action on any new item in the same
meeting.

Council Member Berman expressed concern that the scope of zoning
changes would delay the timing of all other work.

Council Member Burt stated the Council could have that debate in January.

Mr. Keene added that the January discussion would include Staff's
assessment of the impact on the timeline, scheduling, and other directives.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Council Member Burt also meant not
considering any interim zoning changes.

Council Member Burt replied no. Interim zoning changes would be a second
topic for that meeting.     He was skeptical of the process outlined in
Recommendation Number 4. The Council should consider whether it wanted
to create some form of an advisory committee. That discussion could also
occur in January. The proposed process did not educate the community
regarding a vision for the Comprehensive Plan before diving into data,
scenarios, and alternatives. Two summits were needed; one to establish
and educate for a vision and a second to grapple with what was learned. He
did not believe that should be included in the Motion provided Staff was not
precluding that discussion.




12/08/2014                                                           116- 215
