                              MINUTES
Jim Barbera supported the proposed Ordinance.

Public Hearing closed at 11:00 P.M.

Council Member Burt asked Staff to speak to the disconnect issues brought
up by the EV Task Force.

Mr. Pirnejad stated the requirement was the disconnect be either a visible
lockable disconnect or a plug located in the actual charging cabinet. What
was occurring in commercial buildings or homes where the charging station
was located in the garage was that the disconnect was nowhere in sight. The
resolution was to have the disconnect within sight of the electric vehicle in
the event of a fire there was the ability to shut down the connection.

Council Member Burt asked if that was a code interpretation or actual code
language.

Mr. Pirnejad said the code language was the disconnect needed to be within
reasonable sight.

Council Member Burt asked if the “within line of sight” could be codified
within the code.

Mr. Pirnejad stated yes.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve the first reading of the Ordinance to adopt Section
16.14.380 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code adopting local amendments to the
California Green Building Standards Code requiring that all new Multi-family
Residential and Non-Residential construction provide for current and future
installation of Electric Vehicle chargers. Direct Staff to return to Council with
a Code change to clarify disconnecting devices be within line of sight.

Council Member Scharff believed the proposed Ordinance would allow for
anyone to purchase an electric vehicle and have the safety and security of
being able to charge their vehicle.

Council Member Price asked where the cost efficiency issues were between
the Policy & Services Committee and the EV Task Force.

Mr. Pirnejad stated the suggestion was there were a number of ways to
tackle pricing once the vehicle had a full charge. The essence was not to
generate revenue as much as it was to encourage more use of the stations
and the removal of your vehicle once it was fully charged.

06/16/2014                                                               115- 176
