                            MINUTES
Ms. Klausner stated the budget was in the range of $65,000.

Leif Ericson, Youth Community Services Executive Director, stated the
Human Relations Commission (HRC) report revealed the depth of need in the
community. Many HSRAP grantees struggled to access funding, because of
the misconception that Palo Alto did not have the level of needs of south
Santa Clara County. He requested additional funding in order to leverage
funds with other organizations.

Ms. Stump reported the California Political Reform Act required Council
Members to identify and recuse themselves from any governmental decision
that could have a material impact on a source of income to Council
Members. Through his wife, Council Member Klein had Stanford University
as a source of income. State law allowed Staff to bifurcate items pertaining
to Stanford University. The Council would first discuss portions of the
Proposed Budget directly affecting Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Kniss presumed Staff had advised Council Member Klein that he
could not participate in items pertaining to Stanford University.

Ms. Stump advised all Council Members on the general requirements of the
law. Council Members were required and obligated to watch for decisions
that could impact their sources of income.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if the City Attorney advised Council Members
regarding the law rather than directing Council Members' actions.

Ms. Stump replied yes. The City Attorney's office assisted Council Members
with questions, but did not make decisions for Council Members.

Council Member Klein recused himself from discussions regarding Stanford
University as his wife was a faculty member. The City Attorney had no
authority to permit or deny Council Member participation in discussions. As
such, he made the decision to recuse himself. Council Member Klein left the
meeting.

Mayor Shepherd announced the topics for Council discussion were Police,
Fire, and CIP Budgets. She inquired whether the Council should move
adoption of Budget items while Council Member Klein was out of the room.

Ms. Stump answered yes; however, Council action was typically taken at the
second Budget hearing.


                                                                      Page 18 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 06/09/14
