                     FINAL MINUTES
believed an item would be controversial, then perhaps the item should be
presented to the Council for preliminary direction. The P&TC could be
proactive in requesting data. The P&TC could play a role in focusing Staff
and the Council on traffic issues.

Council Member Berman suggested the P&TC review best practices utilized
by other communities, particularly regarding the standard of 250 square feet
per employee. He liked the idea of placing items on the Consent Calendar;
however, he did not believe that was feasible. He wished to learn more
about the P&TC's ideas for encouraging public engagement.             P&TC
Commissioners should work on particular interests so they could surface
issues to the Council.

Mayor Shepherd was also frustrated by the lack of public engagement at
P&TC meetings.       Perhaps the P&TC could review practices in other
communities for ideas. The P&TC could identify interests shared among local
cities and follow those issues. Some development projects and some sites
should be identified for careful design. She suggested the P&TC vote at each
meeting whether to prepare an executive summary for the meeting. A P&TC
representative should present projects to the Council. She would review
whether to hold meetings with ARB and P&TC Chairs.

Commissioner Keller wished to understand the process for moving issues
between the P&TC and Council in order to improve the process. The P&TC
did not always receive the reports presented to the Council. Typically the
P&TC received reports only for items on the Council Agenda. He questioned
whether a growth limit should be based on zoning or on the amount of
growth per year or per area. The Council and P&TC should receive a
summary of projects that were not reviewed by the Council or P&TC when
projects were proposed so that the P&TC could monitor those projects. In
order to improve the process the P&TC should have authority to deny bad
projects early in the process. The P&TC could assist the Council with PC
Zones if it had the ability to make recommendations to the Council. Some
P&TC subcommittee work required Staff attendance; some worked
independently of Staff.

Commissioner Tanaka did not want to duplicate work with the Council and
wanted to provide good information to the Council. Engaging the public was
important, but it should be accomplished through attendance at P&TC
meetings, online input, and contact with neighborhood associations and
neighboring cities. The P&TC would work more on that.

Commissioner Gardias felt the P&TC needed input from the Council as the
P&TC worked through issues to ensure alignment of the P&TC and Council.

                                                                         Page 4 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 10/20/14
