                             MINUTES

Blocks adjacent to the District could be annexed into the District via the
petition process. Enforcement would occur between 8:00 A.M. and 5:00
P.M., Monday through Friday. Two-hour parking in a single location was
valid without a permit. After two hours, the car could be moved to another
location within the District. Staff surveyed everyone located in the District
with three questions. A large number of responses indicated residents did
not want to pay for permits. Responses did not support marking employee
parking spaces on streets. Most responses supported enforcement between
8:00 A.M. and 5:00 P.M. Based on survey responses, Staff recommended
including the 300 and 400 blocks of Lincoln Street. Staff's goal was to begin
implementation of the Program in January 2015. Staff was interviewing
vendors to build and host a website and to fulfill permit orders. A contractor
for enforcement remained outstanding, and signage needed to be installed.
Costs would be significant. Installation of signage would cost $250,000
rather than $25,000. Revenues depended upon the number of permits sold
and the cost of permits.

Public Hearing reopened at 10:56 P.M.

Simon Cintz supported the RPP Program; however, changes were needed.
He was concerned about transfer of permits from one employee to a
successor employee.

Benjamin Cintz stated that employee parking would essentially privatize
public parking. New businesses would not have access to parking, possibly
for many years. Low-wage employees should not have priority over other
employees.

Maria Kwok believed an RPP Program would negatively affect the City's
Budget. The City would have to sell more permits than parking was
available in order to meet the projected revenue amount.         Full-time
employees with permits would displace part-time employees with permits.

Michael Hodos indicated the Resolution was not perfect; however, a majority
of the stakeholder group supported it. The stakeholder group hoped Phase 1
would provide essential data that would ensure the success of Phase 2.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the stakeholder group had an
opinion on the transferability provision included by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC).

Mr. Hodos personally believed Mr. Cintz's point was well taken.           The
stakeholder group did not discuss transferability.




12/02/2014                                                             116- 183
