and then use the two-year period to discuss rezoning. He inquired whether
Staff considered decoupling the two processes.

Hillary Gitelman, Director Planning and Community Environment, indicated
the State placed local jurisdictions in a difficult spot by giving a short time to
update the Housing Element. Those people working on the Housing Element
update could be forced to make quick choices without examining dramatic
alternatives. If the Comprehensive Plan process occurred concurrently with
the Housing Element process, Staff would have the opportunity and forum to
discuss alternatives. If the Comprehensive Plan took a direction different
from the Housing Element, then Staff would need to amend the Housing
Element. At that point, hopefully the City would have some consensus
regarding changes.

Council Member Scharff remarked that if the Council adopted Staff's
proposal, the housing discussion would be decoupled from the Housing
Element. When the Council reviewed the Comprehensive Plan, then it could
ask the bigger questions.   He asked if Staff would decouple the two
processes.

Ms. Gitelman was sensitive to use of the term "decoupling," because the
Housing Element was part of the Comprehensive Plan. The Council was
required to adopt a Housing Element and Comprehensive Plan that were
internally consistent. She understood the concern regarding the potential
for confusion. Staff would have to find a good way to communicate those
two different tasks and how they related to each other.

Council Member Scharff was not concerned with specific terminology. A first
track would be to approve the Housing Element. A second track would be
the conversation regarding the Comprehensive Plan that anticipated
revisions to the Housing Element.     If there were revisions, then the
community could make suggestions.

Ms. Gitelman agreed. That was the process Staff was attempting to create.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Motion included that process
as the concept.

Ms. Gitelman reported that was Staff's concept; although, Staff did not
articulate it clearly.

James Keene, City Manager, felt it was important to recognize that the
Housing Element would proceed quickly while the Comprehensive Plan
conversation continued.


                                                                           Page 15 of 27
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 03/17/14
