                             MINUTES
prejudice and asked the JPA to resubmit.       The JPA submitted a new
application July 31, 2014 after months of negotiations. At one point, Mr.
Wolfe indicated the JPA had the Least Environmentally Damaging Practicable
Alternative (LEDPA) Project. The last response was received August 29,
2014.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the response was received after
the public spoke at the Water Board workshop.

Mr. Materman answered yes.

Council Member Berman believed the Water Board's recommendation to
begin work in East Palo Alto was a direct reaction to public comment at the
workshop. The recommendation was completely infeasible. He would call a
Regional Water Quality Control Board Member, Assemblyman Gordon, and
Senator Hill to encourage them to fire Mr. Wolfe.

Ms. Stump reported the JPA and the City needed a decision on the merits of
their applications. The applications were stuck in a bureaucratic limbo. A
decision was needed.

Council Member Schmid noted the Motion focused on the Golf Course. The
design of the Golf Course appeared to have been called into question. It
was difficult to consider a time sequence without considering alternatives.
He was concerned with the revenue figures. He asked if decreased revenue
was a consequence of the situation.

Mr. de Geus relied on a study performed in 2012 by the National Golf
Foundation in preparing revenue projections. If construction could begin in
2015, the Golf Course could reopen in 2016. Staff felt it would be better to
moderate projected growth because of the time lapse between the study and
construction.

Council Member Schmid remarked that further delay would only hurt
revenues. He inquired whether the City would be responsible for any issues
between the levee project and the Airport. The City assumed responsibility
for the levee around the Airport when it assumed control of the Airport.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, advised that the levee located along the
runway was outside the Flood Control Project. It was not part of the issue.
The levee was designed to protect the runway from Bay flooding. If the
levee was built on the East Palo Alto side, the runway could be flooded from
inland waters.

                                                                      Page 26 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/22/14
