                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman said if Council felt like they wanted to make that explicit, they
could do that.

Council Member Holman asked to clarify that any proposals that had to do
with neighborhood safety changes on Stanford University property would be
paid for by Stanford University.

Council Member Scharff wanted to know if the Council had the ability to
make that direction.

Ms. Silver clarified that the Council did not have the ability to require
Stanford University to pay for improvements on other parcels, but the
condition said the improvements would not go forward unless Stanford
University agreed to them through a voluntary outreach process.

Ms. Gitelman clarified the Amendment about eliminating parallel parking on
California Avenue and placing a bicycle lane there was a request to ask Staff
to examine this issue with the idea of implementing these improvements.
She said Staff needed to go through a process and do some outreach before
they can make it happen and requested more direction from Council.

Mayor Shepherd said she would look at that particular section on Page Mill
Road. There were no blockages in her neighborhood but it reminded her of
patterns that already existed in Palo Alto.

Council Member Berman wanted to follow up on the bulb out issue and
wanted to know if they were going to be eliminated. He thought the
suggestion from Council Member Burt was good but the visual benefit of the
bulbs increased visibility for cars to see the pedestrians and the bicyclists.
He wanted to make sure that a less safe situation was not created for
aesthetic purposes. A more limited bulb out was a good compromise for
bikers and runners in the neighborhood.

Ms. Gitelman supported that.       Reducing, rather than eliminating bulbs
provides safety for pedestrians crossing at those locations.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to reduce, rather than eliminate the bulb outs.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating



06/23/2014                                                       115- 226
