                              MINUTES

Vice Mayor Kniss suggested technology solutions that broadcast information
regarding open parking spaces could resolve complaints.

Mr. Rodriguez remarked that parking guidance systems could be utilized in
Downtown as well as along Embarcadero Road.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether parking apps were available as well.

Mr. Rodriguez stated they were in the works.

James Keene, City Manager, felt a key change would occur when RPP
Programs were instituted and parking supply immediately shifted. Drivers
would be forced to park outside neighborhoods, and technology would
increase the ability to locate available parking spaces. All parking initiatives
were predicated on the lack of sufficient parking capacity in garages.

Council Member Price requested Staff provide additional details regarding
multiple uses of transit stops.

Mr. Rodriguez reported a long-term design would be sensitive to the
surrounding Baylands and support multiple uses such as bicycle activity and
shelters.

Council Member Price noted the project would be funded through the Capital
Improvement Program (CIP). She inquired whether Staff reviewed the
operations of the existing Embarcadero Road shuttle and the Marguerite
shuttle.

Mr. Rodriguez responded yes.

Council Member Price asked if responses to the Request for Proposal (RFP)
regarding expanded shuttle service would be available when the design
project was complete.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff hired a consultant to analyze the existing
shuttle program and proposed shuttle routes. The consultant's report would
be presented to the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) in early
September 2014 and the Council in late September.

Council Member Price was looking forward to having additional information
prior to taking further action.


                                                                           Page 8 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 08/11/14
