                     FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Berman indicated that should be part of the current
conversation.

Council Member Scharff referenced Staff's recommendation that funding be
taken from the Council Contingency Fund. The recommendation would
utilize all but $50,000 of the Council Contingency Fund. He asked why Staff
made that recommendation.

Mr. Keene reported the funding would be for FY 2015. Staff made the
recommendation because of the requirement to identify a funding source.
Staff did not have discretion to create a new funding source for an item.
The process presumed the item would be referred to the HRC for a
recommendation. At any point during the process, the Council could identify
a new funding source. The Council should consider this item in the context
of all Budget decisions.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff would have difficulty identifying a
funding source within the FY 2015 Budget.

Walter Rossmann, Director Office of Management and Budget, explained that
HSRAP allocations for FY 2014 and 2015 were set at the same time. The
direction to Staff was to ensure that the allocation for FY 2015 was
consistent with the Budget, which Staff did.

Mr. Keene clarified that the Finance Committee during the Budget review
process could reprogram funds, reduce funds, or request different revenues
be associated with different issues. In this particular case, the Finance
Committee could benefit from obtaining a preview approval of additional
funding for HSRAP.

Council Member Berman indicated Staff recommended the funding source,
and the Finance Committee determined the $200,000 amount.

Council Member Price felt it was a useful modification. The extent to which
the Council could make additional allocations to HSRAP was extremely
important. She asked if she could inquire about items within the HSRAP
discussion.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Council needed to understand the Finance
Committee's recommendation and to determine if it could support the
Finance Committee's recommendation. More in-depth questions regarding
HSRAP could be asked at a later time.

Council Member Price asked if a Motion could direct Staff and the HRC to
return with additional models for sustaining an additional allocation.
                                                                         Page 8 of 29
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
