                             MINUTES
agreement included a detailed list of zoning requirements and a long list of
specific litigation measures, based on the EIR. This project met every AS-2
requirement and promised to comply with every mitigation requirement.
Staff, the ARB, and the PTC examined the Development Agreement in detail
and Stanford University agreed to comply with the proposed revisions. The
goal was to ensure that the housing was compatible with the neighborhood
design character and that the Stanford faculty living in this new housing felt
like they were part of this neighborhood. This project met the many goals
that the party set out to achieve and Council’s action will implement the
mutual commitments made in the 2005 Development Agreement.

Chris Wuthmann, Stanford University Real Estate said the planning principles
were: 1) to make design standards match those of nearby neighborhoods;
2) to have a good circulation pattern through pedestrian orientation and
vehicle circulation; and 3) to make the site sustainable through minimization
of hardscape and maximization softscape, in accord with open space
requirements. In regard to turnarounds and the Fire Code, two key points
were misinterpreted: 1) the Fire Code’s interpretation and application was
left to the local Fire Code official; this was confirmed by the State Fire
Office; and 2) the proposed plan did comply with the City’s Fire Ordinance.
A turnaround was not required because there was a combination 150 foot
road access, a 150 foot reach, and continued pedestrian access. Distances
were able to be modified by the Fire Marshal and the houses were going to
have fire sprinklers. Regarding the road width, there was a 24 foot wide
road entrance placed to improve traffic safety and to eliminate street
parking; the traffic lanes were widened by one foot on each side of the
street. Fire sections within 20 feet of fire hydrants were revised with rolled
curbs, as required by the Fire Marshall. Regarding congestion on Columbia
Street during peak hours, the professional analysis estimated that in the
morning, 26 trips were made per hour, and 40 trips per hour in the evening.
He explained that the drop in traffic moving from office to faculty residence
would not cause congestion because most faculty members had campus
permits. Concerning adding a fourth driveway, this was unsafe because it
did not align with Dartmouth Street and movements in and out of the
suggested extra street would be unexpected and would cause safety
problems. Regarding not having a sidewalk on Amherst Street, there was
less usable land available and there were numerous trees that needed to be
preserved that took up space. His proposal was 12 feet wider and provided
more condensed lots than the existing lots. If a sidewalk was included, it
would force the houses back; also, a sidewalk was not required on private
streets. The mirror issue for the garage was maintained by management of
the condominium building and was an aid, but was not required.



06/23/2014                                                       115- 213
