                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman advised that penalty funds could subsidize the time and energy
spent inspecting and enforcing Zoning Ordinances.

Council Member Berman did not agree with utilizing funds for Code
Enforcement. The grocery store was intended to be a benefit for the
neighborhood, and penalty funds should be utilized for the neighborhood.
He did not wish to prescribe expenditures for a future Council.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that Council Member Berman's concerns
should not be addressed in a contractual commitment with the Applicant.
Council Member Berman could provide a separate Motion directing Staff to
segregate penalty funds and return to the Council for direction on expending
those funds. Staff would most likely follow that process without a specific
Motion; however, a Motion could clarify the Council's intent.

Vice Mayor Kniss suggested the Council provide directions to Staff after it
voted on the pending Motion.

Ms. Stump indicated that method would also record directions to Staff in the
meeting minutes.

Council Member Berman commented that many businesses in Silicon Valley
failed and to hold a business failure against an individual was not
appropriate. He would support the Motion.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Applicant was receptive to the
parking agreement being part of the Covenant.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that 40 parking spaces would be dedicated to the
market.

Mr. Spiers accepted the provision.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add 40 dedicated grocery parking spaces to the
Covenant.

Mayor Shepherd felt the Applicant had listened carefully to the Council and
the community. Parking for the market was accessible. She would support
the Motion.

Council Member Holman was encouraged by the new information but needed
even more information to support the Motion.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Holman no


12/15/2014                                                           116- 270
