                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Klein suggested Staff consider retail on upper floors as well
as the ground floor.

Mayor Shepherd would not utilize public space for a public-private
partnership.   She preferred to consider public-private partnerships for
private parking lots. The Council should proceed with information for a
parking garage. Private parking spaces could become a cash exchange with
the TMA. She asked when Staff would present information for a garage on
California Avenue.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff could present that information once planning
for the Downtown parking garage proceeded.

Mayor Shepherd reported Caltrain could negotiate 25 parking spaces at
California Avenue. She requested Staff review that as well.

Ms. Gitelman had reviewed that in the past, but would review it again.

Council Member Scharff would support the Motion. Staff would include a
retail component in the garage. Work should begin immediately on the
parking garage in order to remove commercial parking from neighborhoods.
He would prefer to have increased parking supply in Downtown rather than a
shuttle from a parking lot in the Baylands. The Council promised the public
two parking garages, one in Downtown and one on California Avenue.

Council Member Schmid referred to the Downtown parking deficit of more
than 2,000 spaces. Parking garages were needed to meet an existing
parking deficit. The private proposals did not achieve the City's goals for
parking. Perhaps commercial office space holders should pay $17.50 per
employee per day for parking.       The Council should consider a new
assessment district to which all Downtown commercial office space could
contribute; however, the City would control the assessment district. He
inquired whether that conformed to Mr. Gamble's concept.

Mr. Gamble replied yes.     Assessment Districts and Mello-Roos Districts
required a vote.

Council Member Schmid recommended the City make a convincing case that
it was dedicated to building a publicly owned garage; however, the next step
had to be through the district. The City should not relinquish control of the
use of its own property.




                                                                         Page 28 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/20/14
