Council Member Holman inquired whether the South El Camino Area Concept
Plan would be a part of the implementation portion as opposed to the policy
portion.

Council Member Schmid explained that the Motion attempted to integrate
Council discussion of the Housing Element with the existing Comprehensive
Plan and the amendments approved four years ago by the Council. The
Amendment also asked the consultant to spend time upfront making that
connection and providing a recommendation.

Council Member Holman requested Staff respond to her previous question.

Ms. Gitelman reported that the Amendment was unclear, because the
Comprehensive Plan and the Housing Element were one and the same. The
Housing Element was part of the Comprehensive Plan; therefore, an
inconsistency between the parts of the Comprehensive Plan could not exist.
The Council adopted the Housing Element and essentially affirmed that it
was internally consistent. With regard to the South El Camino Area Concept
Plan, the Council considered in 2010 whether the Comprehensive Plan
process should be amended to include this area plan which was estimated to
cost another $140,000. At that time, the Council decided to put an action in
the Comprehensive Plan that called for development of a South El Camino
Area Concept Plan as an implementation task after the Comprehensive Plan
was completed. It was recognized as a need, but the Council indicated it
would be done after the Comprehensive Plan was adopted.

Council Member Holman withdrew her second to the Motion.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Klein agreed with comments regarding the Fry's site. Many
citizens were not impressed with the process used in developing the 1998
Comprehensive Plan. He urged the City Manager to discuss reform of the
Housing Element process with the City's state lobbyist. Staff needed an
expert to guide them on reaching portions of the community that typically
did not participate in outreach, such as renters, people under the age of 40,
and the Chinese-American community.

Mr. Keene indicated the entire burden of outreach would not be shouldered
by the Planning Department.

Council Member Klein asked who would be responsible for outreach.

Mr. Keene remarked that the City did not have in-house expertise.


                                                                       Page 19 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
