                            MINUTES
Sea (Seelam) Reddy stated that Boeing recommended key emergency
preparedness personnel carry a hard copy of emergency plans and contact
information. Incident managers should be rotated so that they all gained
experience.

Arthur Liberman noted recommendations focused on the consequences of
events rather than preventing events. He suggested planners be trained to
include a hazard context in their reports. There was a reduction in the Fire
Department's ability to manage hazardous materials. He inquired about OES
actions to implement the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know
Act.

Mr. Dueker stated he was working with neighborhoods and businesses.

Mr. Nickel reported all businesses inspected by the Fire Department
complied with all fire, hazardous materials, and community notification
codes.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.   Proclamation for Jasmina Bojic Recipient of United Nations Educational
     Scientific and Cultural Organization's Fellini Medal.

Mayor Shepherd provided background of the Fellini Medal.

Council Member Burt read the Proclamation into the record.

Jasmina Bojic, United Nations Association Film Festival Executive Director,
thanked the Council for the honor. She fulfilled her dreams when she
established the film festival in 1998. The film festival was her gift to the
community, and she hoped to continue it for many years.

Council Member Burt was appreciative of the internationally recognized film
festival which focused on human rights. Ms. Bojic's vision was to expand the
festival from Stanford University to surrounding communities in order to
build bridges among the communities.

5.   United Nations Association Film Festival (UNAFF) Proclamation.

Council Member Burt read the Proclamation into the record.

Jasmina Bojic, United Nations Association Film Festival Executive Director,
invited the Council and community to attend the film festival. The festival
would screen approximately 70 documentaries from 50 countries. She
previewed a trailer for the festival.

                                                                       Page 6 of 21
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/15/14
