                             MINUTES
on those facilities because of the use of acutely hazardous materials and
their proximity to the Barron Park neighborhood. CalARP was the primary
mechanism for evaluating risks at businesses that used, processed, or
disposed of acutely hazardous materials that exceeded an amount specified
by the State. Businesses that exceeded such amounts were required to
prepare a Risk Management Plan, which considered the offsite consequences
of an accidental release. Prior to March 2012, CPI exceeded threshold
amounts and was required to prepare Risk Management Plans. The Plans
were required to identify worst case scenarios or accidental releases and
then to predict the toxic endpoint of the scenario whether onsite or offsite.
The toxic endpoint was defined as the concentration of airborne hazardous
materials beyond which a short-term exposure would not be expected to
result in an acute adverse health effect. In other words, exposure within the
endpoint would result in adverse health effects.

Council Member Holman requested a definition of an acute health effect.

Mr. Jeung explained it was exposure of a short-term nature, from a half hour
to an hour, that could result in a health effect that would be disturbing,
adverse, and require attention.

Council Member Holman requested a definition of sensitive receptors.

Mr. Jeung defined sensitive receptors in an environmental context as a
residential area, a childcare facility, a school, a park, etc. In the instant
case, a sensitive receptor was any member of the population.

Council Member Holman believed examples would be an individual with
asthma or an elderly person with a compromised immune system. She
inquired whether the analysis accounted for that.

Mr. Jeung responded no. CPI prepared three Risk Managements Plans, in
2004, 2007 and 2008.         Nitric acid and potassium cyanide were the
hazardous materials of concern in each of the Risk Management Plans.
Under the column titled release, all of the scenarios/accidents involved spills
or ruptures of tanks storing these chemicals. The 2004 results showed that
the distance to the toxic endpoint extended offsite into the surrounding
neighborhood. In the more recent two results, adverse health effects
occurred on the CPI property but did not extend into the neighborhood.
Comparing the three Risk Management Plans (RMP) was difficult, because
the amounts and toxicities of materials evaluated in each scenario varied.
Assumptions of how the accidental release occurred varied among RMPs.
Changes in onsite operations altered the release scenarios and the accidental
releases. The methodology for determining the toxic endpoint used an air
dispersion model. Each RMP utilized a different model. Staff asked AECOM
                                                                         Page 20 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/06/14
