                             MINUTES
While salary increases for public employees were modest, benefits were
growing twice as fast. He questioned whether public negotiations could lead
to a better understanding of salaries and real wages. A discussion at the
Policy and Services Committee would be helpful.

Council Member Berman remarked that similar discussions were occurring in
other cities along the Peninsula.

Mayor Shepherd expressed concern about referring the question to the
Policy and Services Committee given the length of its Agenda.        She
supported treating Professional and Management Staff as though they were
an organized labor group. Compensation terms were always made public
once an agreement was reached.

Mr. Keene clarified that he and the Chair of the Policy and Services
Committee would schedule the Open Session/Closed Session discussion at a
convenient time rather than on December 9, 2014 as mentioned in the Staff
Report.

Council Member Scharff asked if the City Manager anticipated holding a
discussion at the Policy and Services Committee prior to the end of the year.

Mr. Keene would work with the Chair to determine a date.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Scharff no, Holman absent

Council Member Questions, Comments And Announcements

Vice Mayor Kniss announced the Bay Area Air Quality Management District
kicked off the Spare the Air campaign. There was some discussion of
banning smoking of meats outdoors.

Council Member Klein could continue to serve on the Bay Area Water Supply
and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) even though his Council term would
end on December 31, 2014; however, he felt it was more appropriate to
resign his appointment. He requested an Agenda Item in December to name
his successor. He interpreted the Council Policies and Procedures as the
individual Council Member had the discretion to determine whether he could
participate in a Council meeting by telephone.         The confusion at the
November 10, 2014 Council meeting was unfortunate. Council Member
Schmid and he urged the Council to change the Charter to end Council
Member terms early in December; however, a majority of the Council did not
agree. Council Members were mandated to do their best and to vote their
conscience, which he would do until he left office on December 31, 2014.



11/17/2014                                                            116- 135
