Mr. Lalo Perez indicated the lack of a Budget Director prevented the project
from being a high priority for Staff.

Council Member Klein believed the City had cost itself money because the
project was not presented sooner.

Mr. Lalo Perez agreed there could have been a loss of revenue on the
transportation side. He did not know whether Staff would have had a good
inventory of projects if the project was presented sooner.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff could have hired a temporary
person with sufficient skills to shepherd the project.

Mr. Lalo Perez explained that such a person would need a certain amount of
internal knowledge to navigate the multitude of departments and personnel
to obtain data.

Council Member Price recalled Mr. Nathan Perez's comments regarding cities
not being forthcoming with information. She inquired whether the various
city categories in the chart of comparative survey results was a true picture
of all fees.

Mr. Nathan Perez reported it was a true picture except for the City of Santa
Clara.

Council Member Price felt the information contained significant gaps, and
asked if Mr. Nathan Perez was comfortable with the information.

Mr. Nathan Perez replied yes.

Council Member Price asked if the information was complete.

Mr. Nathan Perez responded yes. Affordable housing was the one category
that was charged incredibly differently across all cities. The affordable
housing category was sometimes difficult to equalize on a per unit basis.

Council Member Price concurred with other comments regarding adding
Cubberley to the list. This was a phased approach to DIF, because the
Council was attempting to determine a logical and proper methodology. She
inquired whether Mr. Nathan Perez's experience included situations where
DIF contained automatic Cost of Living Adjustment (COLA).

Mr. Nathan Perez reported that was quite common.

Mr. Lalo Perez added that COLA was utilized when fees were below 100
percent. The Council policy was not to set some fees at 100 percent. The
                                                                       Page 17 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/03/14
