                             MINUTES
simple user interface, store data within the existing permit management
system, allow online payments and data reporting, and generate a BRC
online. Representatives of Accela, the permit management system, were
building a new module to create a user interface. The questionnaire was an
attempt to distill questions into a list of core questions. Staff hoped to
finalize the initial questionnaire by mid-October and modify it in the future
as needed.

Elaine Uang indicated the City did not have data to provide good
transportation programs and alternatives. Traffic measures could not be
implemented without knowing who worked in Palo Alto and the types of
businesses located in Palo Alto. She requested the Council proceed with the
measure.

Robert Moss felt this type of data was the only way to calculate an accurate
jobs to housing ratio. He suggested the questionnaire contain questions
regarding employees' modes of transportation to work, the number of
workers by time of day and season, and changes in employment over a
previous time period.

Vikki Velkoff felt any information would be vital to address transportation
needs.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, believed data regarding the entire
population and barriers to utilization of transportation other than vehicles as
well as support by the business community were vital. She questioned
whether the Transportation Management Association (TMA) survey should be
included in Phase 1 or Phase 2. The Business Registry should count
nonprofit employees but reduce or waive fees for nonprofit agencies.

Neilson Buchanan recommended the Business Registry capture ZIP Codes for
all employees. That information could be used to target marketing of
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Programs to employees.

Mr. Fehrenbach explained that the Business Registry program was viewed as
a method to obtain baseline data that would be useful in developing
strategies for the TMA survey. Staff was attempting to balance the number
and detail of Business Registry questions with the Council's desire for
simplicity. Staff would appreciate feedback from the public and the Council
regarding the questionnaire.

Vice Mayor Kniss referenced Section 4.60.130 of the Ordinance regarding
the power and authority to enter into a business free of charge and at any
reasonable time. That language could make people uncomfortable. That
                                                                         Page 11 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 09/22/14
