                             MINUTES

If data in Phase 1 indicated that continued to occur, Staff could make an
adjustment. To limit parking to two hours and not allow a car to move was
unduly restrictive without the creation of parking zones.

Council Member Klein assumed changes indicated in the draft Resolution
were made by the P&TC.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, answered
yes. Changes were made by the P&TC or by Staff after P&TC input.

Council Member Klein asked Staff to indicate changes made by Staff,
because he wanted to move the Resolution prepared by the stakeholder
group.

Ms. Gitelman indicated substantive changes made by the P&TC could be
found on Page 4 regarding transferability of employee permits and
consulting the P&TC about permit priorities. Other changes were made by
Staff to clean up language in the Resolution.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid that the City Council adopt the Resolution Establishing a Residential
Preferential Parking Program in the Downtown Neighborhoods, deleting the
language added by the Planning and Transportation Commission in
paragraph CII1, and also the language that they added and deleted under
paragraph E at the bottom of that page.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney clarified that Staff included
highlighted language in Paragraph E to comply with the Vehicle Code. She
suggested retaining that portion in the Resolution.

Council Member Klein remarked that the RPP Program had a good chance of
success.

Council Member Schmid stated the Motion achieved the goal and deadline
set by the Council. The amendments captured critical changes.

Council Member Price requested Council Member Klein explain his reasoning
for deleting the provision regarding transferability.

Council Member Klein was concerned that the stakeholder group did not
discuss transferability. Mr. Cintz made some good points. The language of
"may be transferable between employees within a specific business" allowed
that business a permanent lock on those permits. The Council did not intend
to allow that. Further vetting was needed prior to including transferability in
the trial period.



12/02/2014                                                             116- 185
