                             MINUTES
Staff was considering the risks and costs of each component to determine
which were important, which were impactful, and which provided the highest
costs and risks. Lastly Staff would develop an implementation chronology
that recommended implementation of actions that were low cost and offered
a high possibility of success. Other actions could be phased in over time to
assist with implementation.

Council Member Price referred to other cities' Capital Improvement Programs
(CIP) that contained climate adaptation elements for all capital projects.
The community was attempting to determine whether it would be urban or
suburban over the next 10 or 20 years.

Council Member Schmid felt the tremendous transformation in the number of
people in the world would allow cities to deal with greenhouse gases and
other demands on the environment. Increased job growth without sufficient
housing would lead to increased commuter traffic and increased greenhouse
gas emissions. He asked if the City should slow job growth and/or change
the ratio between jobs and employed residents to facilitate sustainability.

Mr. Friend indicated that was one strategic path to consider. He wanted to
broaden the options for review as much as possible. One challenge was
determining which options were within the City's purview and which were
within the region's purview. Pressure from population and job growth
occurred within the region.

Council Member Schmid advised that Palo Alto was leading the region in job
growth. The Council needed data to discuss the Comprehensive Plan.

Mr. Keene added that shifting transportation around the region would not
necessarily result in a change in greenhouse gas emissions. The Council
should consider that as it considered ways to ensure that Palo Alto achieved
other goals.

Council Member Schmid stated that one component of smart growth was to
move jobs to where people were located. Vehicle miles traveled had been
identified as a critical transportation issue that accounted for 80 percent of
greenhouse gas emissions.

Mr. Friend wanted to hear Council Member Schmid's ideas about the issue.

Council Member Berman suggested the City lower carbon emissions as much
as possible and 10 percent faster than projected.

Mr. Friend reported consultants learned that the most logical action would be
to focus on methods that would attain carbon neutrality.

12/08/2014                                                             116- 200
