                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene advised that the overall perspective for the points was to
acknowledge that the JMZ would be turned over to another group who would
operate it on behalf of the City. The City should protect its interest in JMZ.
Staff wished to ensure the City had a continuing voice related to long-term
financial support of JMZ. The City could wish to contribute additional funding
or control costs in the future.

Council Member Scharff remarked that the language did not capture the
intent expressed by the City Manager.

Ms. Halpern suggested revising the language to "analyze the City's long-
term financial support for JMZ operations."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change Item Number 3 in the Motion from
“Establish a long-term structure for financial and programmatic oversight of
the operations” to “Analyze the City's long-term financial support for JMZ
operations.”

Mr. Keene commented that an analysis could inform other language to be
included in a contract.

Council Member Klein explained that a Letter of Intent was not legally
binding on the City. Staff could negotiate any point, and the Council could
reject that point. He was comfortable with deleting all the negotiation
guiding principles.    Trying to determine negotiating points prior to
negotiations was not a good use of the Council's time.

Mr. Keene suggested striking Staff's recommendation to seek the Council's
guidance and approval on the guiding negotiation principles. Staff's intent
was a public discussion with the Council to recognize implications of an
agreement.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to delete from the Motion- Approval of the guiding
negotiation principles, noted below::

  1. Delineate methods for appropriate public and City input to programs
     and services;

  2. Oversight and cooperation of the construction project;

  3. Establish a long-term structure      for   financial   and   programmatic
     oversight of the operations;



11/10/2014                                                              116- 99
