Mr. Bobel answered yes. Staff planned to provide cost information at the
same time they made recommendations. The Council would not be able to
make a decision regarding a facility without cost information.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the purpose of the Study Session.

Mr. Bobel wished to provide the Council with the technical information of
proposals as the issue was complex.

Council Member Scharff clarified that Staff was attempting to educate the
Council, and inquired whether Staff would make any irreversible decisions
based on Council comments.

Mr. Bobel replied no.     Staff would continue to analyze and consider
additional information. Staff did not expect Council direction at the current
time.

Mr. Keene added that Staff could return to the Council with a
recommendation to reject proposals.         Staff felt they should provide
information to the Council prior to making a formal recommendation.

Council Member Klein asked when the present incinerators would be utilized
as backup.

Mr. Bobel commented that incinerators would be utilized as backup only
while defects in the dewatering facility were being resolved, perhaps a six-
month period.

Council Member Klein inquired about the final disposition of the incinerators.

James Allen, Manager Water Quality Control Plant reported Staff planned to
take down the incinerators and demolish the building to create more space
to properly install the anaerobic digestion system.

Council Member Klein requested Staff provide additional details regarding
categories and possible subcategories, timing, relationships with and
reactions of partner agencies, and the potential for conflicts of interest.

Council Member Burt believed removal of the incinerators would be
necessary to create space for the next phase of construction. The City
wished to utilize a third party if an unproven technology was chosen. He
inquired whether Bob Wenzlau mentioned less food waste and more biosolid
waste was being produced in Palo Alto.


                                                                          Page 8 of 37
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 2/10/14
