                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Council Member Holman noted the presentation differed from the Staff
Report in terms of content. Packet Page 662 indicated the scenarios
contained high level vision statements that needed additional development.
She asked when the Council and public would be exposed to those further
developed scenarios in order to provide guidance to the consultants to
perform the analysis.

Ms. Gitelman reported that was Staff's question to the Council. The Staff
Report contained suggestions of additional data and information which Staff
could provide about the alternatives. Staff hoped the Council would support
the scenarios at a conceptual level before refining the scenarios. Staff
hoped the Council would state additional information it needed before it
could support the proposed scenarios or modified versions of the scenarios.

Council Member Holman inquired when data for level of service (LOS) and
changes since approval of the Comprehensive Plan would be available.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff had been working steadily to collect baseline
data and put it in a format to release to the public. That information was
critical as well as defining alternatives for analysis in the EIR. Once Staff
had the final alternatives prepared and was ready to proceed with the EIR
analysis, they could release the baseline data and allow public comment as
the EIR analysis was under way. By the end of the year, Staff could vet
alternatives with the public and develop alternatives based on significant
public input while also vetting and receiving public comment on baseline
data.

Council Member Holman asked if some type of agreement regarding baseline
data should be reached prior to launching the EIR analysis.

Ms. Gitelman needed the data and wanted to obtain data on that as the EIR
analysis began.

Council Member Holman asked when the Council could review zoning to
implement the Comprehensive Plan if the Comprehensive Plan was
completed by the end of 2015.

Ms. Gitelman stated the Council had to set vision and policy in the
Comprehensive Plan prior to implementing that vision and policy. Staff
hoped to return to the Council in the next few months with a scope of work
for the Fry's site that would follow a dual track. If any zoning changes were
needed in the rest of the area, they would have to wait until the
Comprehensive Plan was completed.

                                                                       Page 15 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/04/14
