Mr. Bobel indicated Mr. Wenzlau stated less food and less yard waste. Staff
continued to refine those numbers.

Council Member Burt inquired whether there was a clear distinction between
the current treatment of food waste and the importing of supplemental food
waste to add an additional energy source for biogas.

Mr. Bobel explained that food waste from garbage had a much higher
component of plastic and junk than food waste from a garbage disposal.

Council Member Burt requested Staff comment on the similarities between
wet anaerobic digestion and technologies utilized by the RWQCP for decades.

Mr. Bobel noted when first considering all technologies, Staff believed an
outside vendor would be best suited to operate and assume the risk of new
technology. However, the sewage treatment plant industry had a very long
history with wet anaerobic digestion. As Staff moved toward selecting wet
anaerobic digestion, they could look to other communities and see that wet
anaerobic digestion was a low risk situation. The City could receive long-
term low-interest loans from the State.

Mr. Allan reported Cambi technology was utilized at 40 installations
worldwide, with 38 of the 40 installations being owner operated. Most
installations utilized food waste with biosolids.

Vice Mayor Kniss aligned her comments with those of Council Member
Berman. She heard three concerns during the discussion: cost, sequencing,
and timing.

Mayor Shepherd understood the composting of yard waste would not be part
of the facility. She inquired whether people would purchase yard waste
compost from the City if it continued to do that and whether trucking
compost would provide a net gain.

Mr. Bobel agreed that selling compost locally could be a positive feature.
Typically a community that had compost would provide a certain amount
free of charge. Palo Alto residents could go to Sunnyvale and receive free
compost.

Vice Mayor Shepherd felt there would be some greenhouse gas savings by
not sending purchasers farther away.

NO ACTION TAKEN


                                                                      Page 9 of 37
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 2/10/14
