             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Council Member Klein indicated the Council could agendize an item for the
next meeting.

Mr. Keene inquired whether Council Member Klein was suggesting a
reconsideration of the decision regarding satellite parking.

Council Member Klein explained that the Council could not reconsider the
item but could agendize an item.

Vice Mayor Kniss added that the item could be agendized for another time.

Council Member Scharff asked if the proposal was to agendize another
discussion of satellite parking.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt Staff did not provide a strong recommendation for the
Council. She inquired whether there was any reason the RPP Program would
not be implemented in January 2015.

Mr. Keene reported parking technology was an individual strategy to
improve parking supply and would be needed when the RPP Program was
implemented. The item supported implementation of the RPP Program.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Staff anticipated delivering the program by
January 2015.

Ms. Gitelman stated the Council asked Staff to return by the end of 2014
with an Ordinance establishing a City-wide framework for RPP Districts and a
Resolution establishing the first priority RPP District. Staff intended to do
that. If the Council adopted the Ordinance and approved the Resolution,
then Staff would begin implementation after the first of 2015.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Option 2 would delay implementation of the RPP
Program.

Ms. Gitelman replied no.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Staff could respond quickly.

Mr. Keene reported Staff would do their part to provide an Ordinance in time
for the Council to adopt it.

Ms. Gitelman noted implementation would be complicated and would likely
occur in phases with adjustments.




                                                                        Page 22 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
