He noted the Council had to balance distribution of parking spaces with
demand and supply.

RESTATED MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to: 1) direct Staff to draft an Ordinance that provides a
process and criteria for establishment of individual Residential Parking
Program (RPP) Districts based on input received this evening and
disseminate the draft Ordinance for public review/comment prior to review
by the Planning & Transportation Commission, 2) direct Staff to concurrently
convene     a    Stakeholder   Group     of    residents,   businesses,    and
landowners/landlords to develop a draft implementation strategy and
timeline for the first RPP District, 3) urge Staff to simplify the process
outlined for neighborhoods starting from scratch to enact a trial process so it
is no more than one year from the time start of the process, 4) direct Staff
to return with timetable by March 3, 2014, for various activities such as
Stakeholder Group, Planning & Transportation Commission and the modified
draft Ordinance, so that we can have a trial period begin by the first
business day in January 2015.       Staff is to work back from that date so
Council could take action around November 15, 2014, 5) Direct Staff to
consider issuing an RFP to private landowners for potential leases of parking
spaces on their properties, 6) direct Staff to be flexible in determination of
neighborhood, meeting threshold when working through the implementation
phase, and 7) direct Staff to not feel constrained with ensuring the program
is cost neutral.

Ms. Gitelman expressed concern that the language would direct a facilitator
to begin with a predetermined proposal.

Council Member Scharff explained that a second component included Staff
providing a menu of options for businesses and employees. Staff would
draft different menus, and the stakeholder group would determine which
menus were appropriate.

Mr. Keene understood the intent of the language was to minimize disruption.

Council Member Scharff agreed the intent was to minimize, not eliminate,
disruption.

Mr. Keene remarked that the scheduled timeframes took precedence over
minimizing disruption. He inquired whether that was accurate.

Council Member Scharff believed a deadline had precedence.

Vice Mayor Kniss indicated the Motion was the Council's plan to fix the
parking system.
                                                                         Page 18 of 19
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/27/2014
