                     FINAL MINUTES
comment at the end of the meeting regarding their preferences for
beginning meetings at 5:00 P.M. or scheduling a meeting on June 18, 2014.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported he and Council Member Scharff and
Vice Mayor Kniss would travel to Oaxaca, Mexico, to celebrate 50 years of
the Sister City relationship with Palo Alto. The community was invited to
visit the Palo Alto Art Center June 3-29, 2014 to view the Places to Play in
Palo Alto exhibit. Council Members Klein and Schmid attended the first of
three planning workshops related to the Comprehensive Plan Update. The
remaining two workshops were scheduled for June 10, 2014 and June 24,
2014. Applications for the leadership group for community engagement
would be accepted through June 15, 2014. The Palo Alto Fire Department
was playing a leadership role in the regional wildfire training. Summer
camps and aquatics programs began June 2, 2014 with weeklong training.
Agenda Item Number 4 concerned funding of improvements between
downstream Highway 101 and the Bay Highway 101 project and potential
bridge improvements at Newell Road and Pope-Chaucer Street. Issues
related to upstream alternatives were evaluated separately in the Joint
Powers Authority Environmental Impact Report. The League of California
Cities opposed the wording of Proposition 42, because it would place
additional costs on cities. The City had not taken a position on Proposition
42, because City policies and practices aligned with it.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Herb Borock did not believe the Daily Post had been adjudicated as a
newspaper of general circulation and, therefore, was not an appropriate
publication for legal notices. The Palo Alto Weekly was the appropriate
publication for legal notices.

Rainer Pithair indicated traffic from California Avenue and El Camino Real
parked in neighborhoods and utilized bicycles to travel from the
neighborhoods. Evergreen Park was over parked and should have a permit
parking program.

Sally Lieber urged the Council to consider additional efforts regarding gun
violence prevention and reviewed Sunnyvale's recent ballot measure. She
provided materials to the City Clerk.

Dana St. George suggested the Council consider banning or issuing a
statement against fracking.

                                                                          Page 2 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
