                              MINUTES
Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director noted
public comment regarding whether a grocery store was appropriate at the
location, size of the proposed project, and whether designating a business as
a public benefit was appropriate. Those decisions were made when the PC
Ordinance was adopted and were not before the Council. Staff considered
an option for the lease to revert to the City to be a renegotiation of the
public benefit included in the Ordinance. The parties would have to mutually
agree to such an option. She suggested the Applicant respond to concerns
regarding an experienced grocery operator and Mr. Chavez address his
credentials. Staff felt it was critical to have a significant disincentive for the
property owner to leave the space vacant. The Applicant offered a penalty
of $1,000 per day if the space was vacant for more than six months.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Applicant had offered a penalty of
$2,000 per day.

Mr. Baer reported the property owner had approved a penalty of $2,000 per
day.

Mayor Shepherd requested the Applicant and proposed operator respond to
public comment.

Mr. Baer advised that the rent would be $22,500 per month while a penalty
would be $60,000 per month. A $60,000 penalty was substantial.

Mr. Chavez had no intention of allowing the grocery store to fail. The
Chilcote Trust made more than reasonable efforts to ensure the success of a
tenant. Over the past four years, he had returned to school and continued
to work.

Vice Mayor Kniss interpreted the PC Ordinance as the Council, if it felt the
proposed tenant was not comparable to JJ&F, they should not accept the
proposed tenant.

Ms. Gitelman concurred.

Vice Mayor Kniss was inclined not to support approval of the proposed
tenant. She was concerned that the proposed tenant could not provide the
level of service she experienced with JJ&F. Small grocery stores were not
popular unless they were specialty stores. The service offered by JJ&F no
longer existed. Unless she was certain that a proposed tenant could offer
that level of service, she would not support approval of the proposed tenant.

Council Member Scharff understood the Council was to determine if the
proposed market would provide services and products comparable to JJ&F.
As part of that, the market needed to have a good chance of surviving. Mr.
Smailey was going to be the operator rather than Mr. Chavez.

12/01/2014                                                                116- 152
