                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd requested comments be limited to the EIR.

Council Member Burt explained that he was requesting an alternatives
analysis.

Mr. Ristow reported fare scenarios were not evaluated in the EIR. The City
could include that in a comment letter.

Council Member Burt wanted alternative means to increase ridership
embedded in the alternatives analysis.

Mayor Shepherd reiterated that Staff would present the comment letter to
the Council on January 12, 2015.           The letter would be released
approximately ten days prior to the meeting.

Mr. Rodriguez concurred.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Shepherd recalled the confusion over Vice Mayor Kniss' telephonic
attendance at the prior week's Council meeting. At that meeting, she
requested the Acting City Clerk review the past use of telephonic attendance
and report the circumstances under which Council Members attended
meetings by telephone.       In 2007, the Council updated the telephonic
attendance policy to discourage attendance by telephone and for use only
under extraordinary circumstances. Since 2007, five Council Members had
utilized telephonic attendance ten times. It was not clear whether those ten
telephonic appearances were the result of emergencies. She suggested the
Council consider review of the policy prior to the approval of the City Council
Procedures and Protocols Handbook in 2015. New information regarding
Agenda Item Number 12 was not available for dissemination in the official
materials delivered to the Council the prior week. As this was not a planning
application, it did not violate Procedure 3.4. She suggested the Agenda
Item be continued to December 12, 2014 in order to provide public notice.
In addition, continuing the item would allow the Council to consider
comments from the neighborhood meeting scheduled for November 19,
2014.

MOTION:      Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
postpone Agenda Item Number 12 - Approval of the Proposed Grocery Store
Tenant (College Terrace Market) Within PC 5069 (College Terrace Centre)
Based on the Finding that the Proposed Grocery Tenant Would Likely be
Comparable in Quality of Products and Services as JJ&F as it Existed and
Operated on December 7, 2009 at 2180 El Camino Real, to December 1,
2014.

11/17/2014                                                             116- 116
