Measures which improved in survey ratings between 2012 and 2013 were
percent of crime victims who reported the crime to police; job growth seen
as too slow; and personal economic future. Measures which declined in
ratings between 2012 and 2013 were land use, planning, and zoning;
services provided by the Federal government and by Santa Clara County
government; overall quality of new development in Palo Alto; amount of
public parking; Palo Alto as a place to retire; safety in your neighborhood
after dark; bus or transit services; safety in Palo Alto's Downtown area after
dark; participated in a club or civic group in Palo Alto; opportunities to
participate in religious or spiritual events and activities; and safety from
violent crime. The NRC reviewed 19 services and identified 4 that correlated
most highly with residents' perceptions of overall city service quality. The
services were public information services, public schools, sidewalk
maintenance, and street lighting. In theory by targeting improvements in
key services, the City could focus on services that had the greatest likelihood
of influencing residents' opinions about overall service quality. There were
no key drivers ranked below the benchmark or trending lower than the
benchmark in the 2012 survey. The NRC noted that the City may wish to
seek improvement in sidewalk maintenance since it received ratings similar
to other benchmarked jurisdictions.        Areas with statistically significant
differences in the geographic subgroups included services to seniors;
opportunities to attend cultural activities; opportunities to participate in
social events; sense of community; openness; services to youth; quality of
business; ease of bus travel; ease of rail travel; overall direction Palo Alto
was taking; recreational opportunities; availability of preventive health
services; Palo Alto as a place to work; overall quality of life; shopping;
overall appearance; environmental hazards; educational opportunities;
neighborhood as a place to live; and Palo Alto as a place to raise children.
There were significant improvements from 2003 to 2013 in trends for
employment opportunities, economic development, services to youth,
availability of affordable quality housing, and sidewalk maintenance.
Selected trends with declines in ratings included garbage collection, overall
quality of new development, public parking, and bus or transit services.
Some of the safety perception ratings which experienced declines were Palo
Alto's Downtown area after dark and property crimes. Staff compiled data
from 2003 to 2013 and made it available on the City's Open Data platform.
Raw data was comprised of approximately 5,000 records representing
approximately 5,000 National Citizen Surveys from 2003 to 2013.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the report was referenced
throughout the year in a variety of ways. He noted the dramatic decline in
ratings for land use assessments and quality of new developments. He was
particularly upset by the comparisons of north Palo Alto and south Palo Alto.
The differences began at 24 percent and 14 measures had differences
                                                                          Page 2 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 03/17/14
