                             MINUTES

Bruce Hodge, Carbon Free Palo Alto, supported the alternative
recommendations. His main concern was whether the City wanted to own
and operate the facility. Staff should focus on processing all three waste
streams locally. Timelines appeared to be excessively long.

Jeb Eddy found the words "urgent" and "urgency" only once in the Staff
Report. The project was urgent and needed to proceed expeditiously.

John Kelley agreed the project was urgent. Staff listened to community
concerns in developing alternative recommendations.     He could accept
alternative recommendations as a reasonable compromise.

Jack Morton believed the Council should consider authorizing Staff to reissue
the RFP for an organics facility. It was a small step towards the end
product.

Stephanie Munoz Thought the Measure E site should continue to be
considered for a homeless shelter. Staff should listen to recommendations
made by private contractors.

Alex Cannara, Palo Alto Green Energy (PAGE), indicated a carbon tax was
missing from the Staff Report.      A carbon tax would clarify the real
environmental cost of trucking. The price of electricity was irrelevant.

Penny believed turning the park into a compost facility would eliminate the
animals' habitats. She provided a YouTube video.

Jon Foster disagreed with Staff's recommendations and alternative
recommendations.     Harvest Power submitted a proposal that met all
requirements of the RFP. The City should proceed with the RFP and
negotiate with vendors.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere suggested the Council accept the Harvest Power
proposal and request changes to include thermal hydrolysis and City
ownership.    If that was not possible, he would support alternative
recommendations with speedy implementation. The Council should direct
Staff to ensure sufficient capacity for current and future food waste and to
work aggressively to secure food scraps from partner agencies.




04/29/2014                                                           114- 527
