                             MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:06 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:      Kniss

Parks and Recreation Commissioners Present:

Ashlund, Crommie, Hetterly, Knopper, Lauing, Markevitch, Reckdahl

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Council Study Session with Parks and Recreation Commission.

Jennifer Hetterly, Parks and Recreation Commission Chair, noted the Council
packet did not contain a memorandum from the Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC) regarding dog parks. The Packet contained a summary
of PARC's work over the prior year and a fact sheet regarding the 7.7-acre
parcel at Foothills Park. In 2015, PARC planned to complete work on the
Parks and Recreation Master Plan and continue work regarding the 7.7-acre
parcel, a pilot program for shared-use dog parks, review of Community
Services and Natural Environment Elements of the Comprehensive Plan, an
enhanced Community Gardens Program, the Byxbee Park Trails Project, an
update of PARC's website, and park improvement projects. Three ad hoc
committees were working with Staff and consultants regarding the Master
Plan outreach process. PARC Commissioners focused on identifying possible
gaps in input and data collection in order to obtain well-rounded information.
Once the Master Plan was finalized, PARC hoped to move forward with
funding and implementation of facility and programming improvements
consistent with community priorities. PARC requested Council comment and
insight regarding current and future projects.

Ed Lauing, Parks and Recreation Commissioner Vice Chair, reported a PARC
ad hoc committee worked with Staff to assist with prioritizing capital
improvement projects for parks, recreation and open space. The Capital
Improvement Program (CIP) planning process for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
would be different from previous years, because the City was making a
significant investment in the Master Plan. PARC recommended changes to
the planning process, because projects could not be prioritized until the
Master Plan was complete.


11/10/2014                                                              116- 71
