                            MINUTES
MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Number 12: 8-1 Schmid no

Council Member Schmid understood a report was not available the evening
of the Finance Committee meeting. The Finance Committee recommended
the Council discuss the report. The at-places memorandum indicated the
Finance Committee discussed the question rather than the report. He was
prepared to vote that the Council would discuss the report.

Action Items

13.   Comprehensive Plan Update:       Discussion and Direction to Staff
      Regarding the Scope and Schedule of the Planning Process, Including
      Concurrent Zoning Changes. (Note: This is the continuation of a
      discussion that began on November 3, 2014.)

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Council supported a framework to re-
engage the community with respect to the Comprehensive Plan Update and
to keep the Comprehensive Plan Update on a timeline for completion by late
2015. On August 6, 2014, the Council paused the timeline for Staff to revise
the scope and breadth of the Comprehensive Plan Update; to propose
changes to the City Zoning Code and Zoning Map for commercial areas; and
to conduct a Study Session regarding commercial zoning changes.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reviewed
the Council's discussions of the Comprehensive Plan Update in August,
September, and November 2014. Staff identified four reasons for updating
the City's Comprehensive Plan expeditiously. Since adoption of the current
Comprehensive Plan, some objectives contained in the Comprehensive Plan
had been met and new challenges had arisen. General Plans were a function
of State law.     An updated Comprehensive Plan would provide a legal
foundation for sound decision making. The existing Comprehensive Plan and
zoning had enabled some growth; an updated Comprehensive Plan could
help manage growth and address community concerns.           Updating the
Comprehensive Plan provided an opportunity for the community to discuss a
vision for the future of the community. On September 8, 2014, the Council
discussed commercial zoning changes that could be studied in advance of or
concurrent with the Comprehensive Plan Update. Staff grouped changes
into four categories: changes in use and density; retail preservation;
parking-related changes; and other. The Staff Report contained analyses of
all suggestions presented by individual Council Members. Staff grouped
suggestions into categories of implementation prior to the Comprehensive
Plan Update, in conjunction with the Comprehensive Plan Update, and after
the Comprehensive Plan Update.



12/08/2014                                                           116- 206
