                             MINUTES
the Council wished to review administrative rules or interpretation or
detailed applications, then Staff could strike the provision.

Council Member Scharff asked if the sample questions could be selected or
modified through administrative rules and regulations. He originally believed
the administrative rules and regulations would pertain to sample questions.

James Keene, City Manager, stated that was a good example.

Council Member Scharff asked why ASD was the responsible department
rather than the Planning Department.

Mr. Keene reported that typically the City Manager was designated rather
than a particular department.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the City Manager was suggesting
the proposed Ordinance state the City Manager rather than the Director of
ASD.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Mayor Shepherd was aware that Council Members had many questions and
comments regarding the Business Registry. Staff was receiving information
and would return to the Council with an Ordinance.

Council Member Klein had many questions similar to Council Member
Scharff's questions.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council should refer the item to the
Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Klein felt the Council should ask detailed questions in order
to ensure success of the program. Other Agenda Items should not require
much time for Council discussion. He assumed Staff reviewed Business
Registry Ordinances and questionnaires utilized in other cities, but did not
find anything in the report about that. He asked if Staff had done so.

Mr. Fehrenbach reviewed many, many cities and their questionnaires. Many
of those questions were repeated in some form in the City's proposed
questionnaire.  The same was true for the Ordinance.        Much of the
Ordinance language was standard.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Scharff not to exempt
nonprofit agencies, because it was difficult to distinguish between the
                                                                       Page 14 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
