                            MINUTES
Council Member Schmid inquired whether the entire Police and Fire Budgets
were open for discussion or only the Stanford University portion of those
Budgets.

Mr. Rossmann stated only the Stanford University portion.

Council Member Schmid requested an update of negotiations with Stanford
University related to Fire Services.

Mr. Rossmann advised that the City had not received an Stanford
University's official response to the City's proposal.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Proposed Budget included revenue and
expenses in anticipation of a contract with Stanford University.

Mr. Rossmann answered yes. The Proposed Budget assumed the City would
provide dispatch services to Stanford University for FY 2015.

Council Member Klein returned to the budget discussion.

James Keene, City Manager, asked if the Council could reach a tentative
approval of the Finance Committee's recommendation for the Proposed
Budget.

Mayor Shepherd understood the Council would reach tentative agreement on
the Proposed Budget in the discussion. She opened discussion of the FY
2015 Proposed Budget.

Council Member Berman indicated Staff provided a comprehensive list of
programs funded through HSRAP and other City means. In total, the City
provided $2.4275 million for human services needs. Additionally, the City
subsidized rents for nonprofit agencies, which should be considered as City
funding of those programs. The City could not be the sole funding source for
nonprofit organizations.   At a previous meeting, the Council voted to
increase HSRAP funding by approximately $31,620.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to tentatively adopt the Budget Ordinance for FY 2015, including
Adoption of Operating and Capital Budgets and Municipal Fee Schedule;
Adoption of five Resolutions, including: Adopting a Dark Fiber Rate Increase
of 2.6 Percent and Amending Utility Rate Schedules EDF-1 and EDF-2;
Amending Utility Rate Schedule D-1 (Storm and Surface Water Drainage) to
Increase Storm Drain Rates by 2.6 Percent Per Year Per Equivalent
Residential Unit for Fiscal Year 2015; Amending the 2012-2013
                                                                      Page 19 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 06/09/14
