Mayor Shepherd requested an explanation of the lines on the graphic.

Mr. Carl explained that the graphic demonstrated one day of flights over Palo
Alto. All flights intersected over Palo Alto. The minimum altitude over a
portion of Palo Alto was 2,500 feet. Airlines dropped to lower altitudes in
order to save money.

Doria Summa stated the noise level over her            home    had changed
dramatically. She supported Mr. Carl's comments.

Council Member Price believed Congresswoman Eshoo could have been part
of a decision-making process that helped push the rerouting. The fact that
the City was not given adequate information or timely notice was not stated
strongly enough. She inquired whether the City had any recourse.

Mr. Keene advised that the City did not receive a formal notice about the
changes. Congresswoman Eshoo's office contacted the City about the EA.
Staff proposed sending a strongly worded letter and requested further
direction from the Council.

Council Member Price asked if a letter to the Secretary of the Department of
Transportation would be beneficial.

Mr. Keene could do that. Congresswoman Eshoo's letter and the Mayor's
letter requesting an extension were directed to Secretary Foxx at the
Department of Transportation.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported Staff discovered the
San Francisco Airport Community Roundtable (Roundtable) when
researching the issue. Historically the Roundtable consisted of San Mateo
cities. Palo Alto did not have a representative to the Roundtable; however,
Mr. Swanson invited himself to that group.

Council Member Berman was shocked that the FAA merged routes into one
and then requested comments on changing the maps to match the route.
He wondered whether the FAA had to submit to a process before changing
the route and if it did so. If the FAA did not follow the process and did not
provide proper notice, then the City could have some recourse.

Council Member Burt suspected Congresswoman Eshoo had not seen the
map. Staff should send the map to her as soon as possible prior to the
deadline so she could act on it. Staff should consider sending information to
Palo Alto's Senators and Representative Speier.


04/29/2014                                                           114- 548
