                             MINUTES

James Keene, City Manager, added that the SIC separated businesses into
categories.

Council Member Holman asked if the SIC identified specific types of
commercial businesses.

Mr. Fehrenbach responded yes.

Council Member Holman noted the questionnaire asked about the number of
workers onsite, but did not address whether employees were part-time or
full-time. The Staff presentation addressed mode of transportation to reach
work, but that was not in the sample questionnaire. The questionnaire
asked about onsite employee parking, but it did not ask specific questions.
She inquired whether the $413 Use Fee was applied to businesses regardless
of size.

Mr. Fehrenbach answered yes. The fee included components for zoning use
compliance and building and fire inspections.

Council Member Holman understood the City could not charge more than the
amount to process it, and questioned whether the $413 fee was equitable
for small and large businesses. The Staff Report indicated 3,000-5,000
businesses complied with U&O Certificate requirements. She inquired about
methods to track businesses that complied with the business registry.

Mr. Fehrenbach reported electronic records extended back to 2004. Records
prior to 2004 were paper-based and located in different places. Staff would
need to review all current U&O Certificates and identify other databases to
compile an initial outreach list of businesses located in commercial spaces.
Staff intended to return to the Council in the fall of 2014 with refined data.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein 1) approve the transfer of $35,000 from the City Council Contingency
Fund to the City Manager’s budget for initial start-up costs including
outreach, training, and program/technology development, and 2) to direct
Staff to move forward with a two phase framework to implement a Business
Registry Certificate (BRC) Ordinance & Fee Program as a full cost-recovery
through redesign of the use and occupancy certificate process including:

Phase One
  1. A focus on businesses occupying or planning to occupy commercial
     spaces within Palo Alto.


04/29/2014                                                            114- 539
