4.   Resolution 9394 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto to: 1) Terminate the City’s Natural Gas Direct Access Program by
     Repealing Gas Rate Schedule G-4; 2) Eliminate Fixed and Custom Gas
     Commodity Rates for Large Commercial Customers by Repealing Gas
     Rate Schedules G-11 and G-12; and 3) Effect the Changes by
     Amending Gas Rate Schedules G-3 and G-8 and Utility Rules and
     Regulations 2, 3, 5 and 13.”

5.   Finance Committee Recommends Approval to Issue the Request for
     Proposals and Undertake a Procurement Process for Street Sweeping
     Contractor Services.

6.   Appeal of Director's Approval of a Sign Exception for a wall sign at the
     Tesla Motors Dealership at 4180 El Camino Real.

7.   Approval of Amendment Number One with CoalFire Systems Inc., for
     Contract Number S14150215 in the Amount of $3700, and 20 Percent
     Contingency.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Numbers 3-5 and 7: 9-0

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item 6: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

Council Member Holman wished to comment on Agenda Item Number 5.

Mayor Shepherd reported a Council Member could not comment on a
Consent Calendar item unless he voted no on that item.

Council Member Holman inquired about the procedure to include information
in the public record regarding Item Number 5.

Ms. Stump indicated Council procedures allowed Council Members to ask
questions regarding items in a public forum. Council Members could utilize
the Council email address to communicate with the public with respect to an
item prior to a Council meeting. The rules allowed Council Members three
minutes to comment on a no vote on the Consent Calendar, but no other
discussion on Consent Calendar items.

Council Member Holman did not receive answers to her questions prior to
the meeting. She found the Architectural Review Board (ARB) findings and
the exception findings to be circuitous and without merit. The Staff Report
did not contain a chart comparing the proposal to Code requirements. She
did not understand the ARB's consideration of only the logo portion as
signage when the sign was freestanding from the building. She had no idea
of the number of exceptions granted for signs; however, she saw many

                                                                        Page 7 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/03/14
