                     FINAL MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd understood HSRAP funding requests covered a two-year
cycle. She asked how the Finance Committee expected the HRC to address
this. She asked why the second year of funding was presented to the
Finance Committee for approval.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag explained that the Finance Committee approved the
second year of the contract. Staff's recommendation had always been for
the City Manager to have the authority to approve the second year of two-
year funding. The second year had usually been funded at the same amount
as the first year unless a funding reduction was necessary.

Mayor Shepherd noted the only active HSRAP contracts were requests that
were not fully funded.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag reported the intention was not to assess any other
unmet needs by agencies not currently funded by HSRAP. The intention was
to review needs expressed to the HRC during the supplemental needs
assessment process and for the HRC to make recommendations regarding
increased funding.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff and the HRC would consider only current
HSRAP agencies for needs that were not funded in FY 2014.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag answered yes. Staff and the HRC would not look back to
any agencies who submitted an application but did not receive funding.

Mayor Shepherd felt this would be a very narrow review.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to approve the Finance Committee recommendation for the Human
Relations Commission to review the funded agencies in Human Services
Resource Allocation Process to identify the most critical needs that were
requested and unable to be allocated for FY 2015, not to exceed the amount
initially requested by those agencies with the following guidelines: 1)
include any critical, new and emerging needs that the Human Relations
Commission has identified, as well as critical needs that were identified
previously but unable to be allocated in the previous budget cycle; and 2)
not to exceed the additional $200,000 that was requested in aggregate that
was not funded at the beginning of the prior two-year cycle.

Council Member Burt indicated the Finance Committee discussed Budget
reductions for HSRAP in light of the City's recent Budget surpluses. The
Staff Report did not discuss the amount of reductions.



                                                                       Page 11 of 29
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
