                     FINAL MINUTES
north of Everett Avenue. The Council should explore that option in the
second phase of the study.

Stephen Rosenblum supported a 2-percent grade alternative as being cost
competitive with roadway submersion when including the taking of real
estate. The cost of real estate taken was missing from the cost study.
Covering the tunnel would return 10 acres of real property.           He
recommended the second phase consider covering the trench and options for
that real estate. Advantages to grade separation included elimination of
horn noise, more frequent Caltrain service, and improved traffic across
tracks.

Nadia Naik, Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD),
believed the study proved that a 1-percent grade alternative versus a 2-
percent grade alternative made a difference. No further engineering should
occur until the community had determined the important details. The
drawing of a 7-percent roadway grade and a 5-percent sidewalk grade did
not match the location of Alma Street, which would probably result in more
real property takes. The study utilized 90 miles per hour while Caltrain
supposedly could operate at 125 miles per hour.

Council Member Holman asked if Ms. Naik had any other comments critical
to the discussion.

Ms. Naik stated the main point was the incorrect drawing of sidewalks in
relation to Alma Street.

Elizabeth Alexis, CARRD and Green Meadow Neighborhood Association,
advised that the Green Meadow Neighborhood Association had not reviewed
the study results. A discussion of Context Sensitive Solutions (CSS) should
begin now. She expressed concern about the grade for bicyclists and a
school crossing.

Omar Chatty believed the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) was a better
funding option. He did not believe the blended solution would be viable. He
did not believe the Federal Railway Administration (FRA) or the California
Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) would allow four train schedules, three
train types, and three operating entities on one track each way. The Council
should include a bikeway and a BART option in the study.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, remarked that the Council needed a
community process to determine goals and tradeoffs. Use of a short-haul
operator could allow the 2-percent grade alternative over the 1-percent
grade alternative. This could be an opportunity to partner with other cities
and freight customers to move in that direction. Santa Clara County
                                                                        Page 14 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 10/20/14
