Mr. Aknin understood the ultimate goal was to have an RPP Ordinance and a
potential program for Downtown in effect by January 1, 2015. Hopefully
additional TDM-type measures would be in effect at that time. It was not
realistic to think a full TMA could be established within that timeframe.

Council Member Klein asked which measures could be implemented to
prevent chaos when the RPP Program was initiated.

Mr. Aknin believed an aggressive timeline would allow implementation of an
expanded shuttle system to a satellite lot. As Staff developed the RPP
Program, they could determine the number of parking spaces needed for
commercial-bound vehicles and allow some supply for them within the RPP
District. The successful valet program at one lot could be expanded to other
lots. A car share program could be in effect by January 2015.

Mr. Keene felt increased usage of parking garages would be a reasonable
achievement in 2014; however, that would not solve the problem.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff work backwards and determine which
measures could be implemented by January 2015. He inquired whether City
funds could be utilized to implement a bus program for school children.

Mr. Keene understood the Council wished to invest reallocated money
directly into measures that made a difference in the community. He could
hold discussions with Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) regarding
expanded and improved shuttle access to schools, which was a key traffic
problem in the mornings.

Council Member Klein did not know if a school bus program would be
feasible. One of the main traffic problems was traffic at the beginning and
end of school.

Mr. Keene broached the subject with PAUSD's Superintendant a few months
ago and did not receive a response that it was categorically not possible.

Mayor Shepherd recalled that Santa Clara was sued to allow PAUSD to
charge for busing children to school. After charges were instituted, ridership
declined to the point it was not cost effective to operate buses.

Council Member Klein asked if it would be useful for the City to be in the
school bus business.

Mr. Keene reported PAUSD expressed some interest; therefore, a school bus
program should be considered.



02/24/2014                                                             114- 331
