Mayor Shepherd asked if the map of shuttle routes was suggested routes
only.

Ms. Sullivan answered yes, routes were open to discussion. Staff developed
the routes marked in red through discussions with other municipalities and
constituents.

Mr. Keene wanted to have sufficient details in the RFP to provide the City's
perspective and to build in metrics and a performance basis in order to
evaluate ridership return.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff consider a route connecting with the ACE
Train or AC Transit bus and suggested shuttles coordinate with school
routes. Staff should reduce redundant routes.

Council Member Price supported expansion of shuttle service.        PAUSD
provided busing for pay for students from Los Altos Hills and Stanford.
Some corporate shuttles in Mountain View were occasionally available to the
public, and Staff should consider those when examining shuttle routes. She
suggested Staff consider partnering with corporate shuttles to increase
ridership.

Council Member Holman noted the map of proposed routes did not contain a
connection along El Camino Real to Mountain View. Working with Google
and Marguerite was a great idea. Staff should work with PAUSD and
consider cost sharing.      She did not favor expanding the shuttle to
Embarcadero Road east of Highway 101, because she did not support
satellite parking there. She asked why the west shuttle route between south
Palo Alto and Stanford Shopping Center did not go into the Downtown area.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that the west shuttle route did not include a direct
connection into Downtown, because of the headway time. Staff attempted
to limit headway time to one hour, and adding Downtown to the west route
would increase headway time to 1 hour 10 minutes.

Council Member Holman hoped the Council would have an opportunity to
mention a few housekeeping items at the end of the discussion.

Council Member Scharff was excited about expanding shuttle service.
Shuttle routes could be modified rapidly and as needed to respond to
ridership. He supported the use of metrics and partnering with PAUSD. He
did not find a route to Stanford Hospital among the proposed routes.




02/24/2014                                                           114- 338
