                              MINUTES
Mark Steres, CPI Attorney, had requested another date for discussion of the
item, because Doug Daugherty, the lead consultant with ENVIRON, would be
out of the country. He would provide ENVIRON's findings in place of
Dr. Daugherty. ENVIRON's services included reviewing AECOM's report and
supplemental report, and replicating and validating the air dispersion
modeling results for the worst case scenarios presented in the 2008 report.
ENVIRON thoroughly reviewed and advised CPI regarding its Chemical
Management Program. Upon completion of his analysis, Dr. Daughtery
concluded "[g]iven the independent safeguards CPI has in place and the
unlikely occurrence of extreme events as modeled by AECOM in their two
reports, the risk of offsite consequences from an accidental release is very
low and it is very unlikely that an incident will occur at CPI that will result in
adverse effects to the health or safety of the neighbors." He requested
Dr. Daugherty prepare a comprehensive declaration to be submitted to the
City and Council. He would provide the declaration to the City Clerk for
inclusion in the record. The declaration contained critical information for the
City's deliberations. The information directly related to any action that
might ultimately be considered by the City as it moved forward. The
declaration responded to all comments made by AECOM regarding possible
omissions or gaps in CPI's Chemical Management Program. The declaration
set forth in detail three conclusions about the AECOM report. First, some of
AECOM's comments were based on incorrect interpretation of the
regulations.    Second, some of AECOM's comments were based on an
incomplete review of CPI's records and documents. Third, any remaining
AECOM comments had been addressed by CPI. Like AECOM, ENVIRON
modeled offsite consequence analysis for nitric acid and potassium cyanide
and confirmed no offsite impacts. Based on a comment in the AECOM
report, ENVIRON also modeled a liquid oxygen scenario and determined
there would be no offsite consequences from it. ENVIRON also assisted in
validating a Process Hazard Assessment for the plate shop and for the
delivery, storage and waste services that supported the plate shop and for
hydrogen storage and distribution. ENVIRON assisted CPI in gathering all
existing facility safety programs and organizing them into the Chemical
Management Program. Due to earlier work, ENVIRON could review the
report and findings prepared by AECOM. All AECOM's comments regarding
employee training, equipment maintenance, operating procedures, and
inspection records were based on AECOM's incomplete assessment of CPI's
records as those matters were addressed by CPI's operations prior to
AECOM's review. CPI requested AECOM return to CPI to confirm this and to
correct its report. Even with those recommendations, AECOM concluded that
equipment was properly maintained and that the EPA's defined worst case
scenarios were not expected to travel offsite. At the request of the City,
AECOM went beyond the worst case scenarios and evaluated even more
remote scenarios. Then, the neighbors requested AECOM model an event
                                                                           Page 24 of 35
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 10/06/14
