Robert Moss suggested the Council concentrate on consistency with the
Comprehensive Plan and Zoning Ordinance. The Planned Community (PC)
process needed to be restructured as development impacted schools.

Stephanie Munoz felt a good community could be achieved through a high
quality of life. Quality of life was not a Core Value but a peripheral value.
Residents of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park should be allowed to keep their
homes.

Mayor Shepherd requested the Council provide feedback on the list of items
for calendar year 2014.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council indicate whether             the items were
appropriate for discussion and possible action in 2014.      The list of items
informed the evolution of a work calendar for the year.

Council Member Price felt the list was daunting. In considering the list, the
Council should bear in mind the distinction between discretionary and
regulatory items.       The list did not contain a general category that
acknowledged the City's ongoing responsibilities and subsequent work
items; particularly regarding social services for the community. Many items
in categories had a natural affinity with one another and many would
naturally cluster in terms of scheduling.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council should not consider how Staff managed their
workload. The discussion should focus on unavoidable issues that should be
agendized in calendar year 2014.

Council Member Scharff suggested the list be broken into a Work Plan for
Staff and a Work Plan for the Council. The Council was not aware of all the
work Staff was performing. A Public Safety Building was far more important
than the remodeling of the first floor of City Hall. The item of infrastructure
projects should be expanded to indicate the infrastructure projects. Less
notable items such as sidewalk setbacks and expanding and protecting retail
in Downtown should be on the list.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Price's comments
regarding social services for the community to include homelessness and the
Human Service Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP). Some items were
more appropriate for Staff rather than the Council. Some items were
traditionally combined with a regular Council meeting. Action on sidewalk
setbacks and Downtown retail could not wait for completion of the
Downtown CAP Study. Current zoning should be listed under Parking. State
                                                                          Page 5 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 02/01/14
