                             MINUTES
Donna Grider, City Clerk, responded no.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff had any additional information.

James Keene, City Manager, replied no.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:00 P.M.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid to
adopt the Resolution Confirming Engineer’s Report and Assessment Roll,
California Avenue Parking Project No. 92-13 (For Fiscal Year 2014-2015).

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

18.   Review and Approval of the Revised Draft Infrastructure Project
      Funding Proposal (CONTINUED FROM JUNE 2, 2014).

Mayor Shepherd advised that the item continued the Council discussion
regarding funding of infrastructure maintenance and backlog identified in the
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC) report. On March 3, 2014,
the Council reduced the original proposal of an increase in the Transient
Occupancy Tax (TOT) from 3 percent to 2 percent. The change created a
funding gap which the Council Subcommittee had resolved.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated Staff would return to the Council on
June 16, 2014 with language relating to the ballot measures for Council
action. Staff wanted to provide polling results to the Council along with the
ballot language.

Council Member Klein, Chair of the Infrastructure Committee, reported the
Infrastructure Committee (Committee) adopted three Motions, one of which
the Council acted on at a previous meeting. The remaining two Motions
concerned projects to be funded by the ballot measure and guidance to Staff
regarding the Ordinance. The Committee did not recommend any reductions
in the projects to be funded. Staff identified additional funds, and the
Committee recommended portions of three projects be transferred to the
Capital Improvement Program (CIP). The three projects were $1 million of
the Bicycle/Pedestrian Plan, $4.6 million for parks catch-up, and $800,000
for Byxbee Park. Those project amounts were small enough to be funded
through the regular CIP, because the majority of funding remained within
infrastructure funding. Staff proposed balancing the cost of projects with
funding sources by eliminating Fire Station Number 4 from the list of
projects, with the idea of funding it through the CIP. The Committee, on a
vote of 3-1, included Fire Station Number 4 in the infrastructure project list.
                                                                         Page 12 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/09/14
