                              MINUTES
attempting to address that within the questionnaire.      The questionnaire
could be revised as needed.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff provide an informational update annually
regarding revisions to the questionnaire.    She concurred with prior
comments regarding nonprofit agencies. The question regarding leasing of
offsite parking was ambiguous.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to:
1) approve the Staff approach to engage our software vendor, Accela, for
set-up, licensing and implementation costs related to the creation of a
Business Registry Certificate program (BRC) and for the City to engage
Truepoint Solutions for pre and post go-live software staffing augmentation
needs; 2) direct Staff to return to Council with a Budget Amendment
Ordinance (BAO) for Fiscal Year 2015 for the BRC software start-up costs,
including program development and outreach for the remainder of the fiscal
year; and 3) direct Staff to return to Council in October with the Ordinance
creating a business registry for Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Staff reviewed Business Registries from other
cities.

Mr. Fehrenbach replied yes.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the Staff Report contained a list of those
cities.

Mr. Fehrenbach replied no.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood most cities in Santa Clara County utilized a
Business Registry.

Mr. Fehrenbach reported Palo Alto was one of very few cities within the state
without a business license or registry.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled that several times in the past the City had
considered a Business Registry as a means to institute a business license
tax. She hoped the initial questionnaire would collect data without being an
inquest.   Data collected from the Business Registry was necessary to
implement TDM Programs. She would have preferred additional information
regarding Business Registries within Santa Clara County.



                                                                       Page 20 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
