                             MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jim Wang advised that on June 25, 2014 the City Manager visited his home
regarding the Boyce Avenue Project. The architect submitted incorrect
information to the Planning Department for IR review. Several components
of the project did not meet the IR plan. The final inspection was approved
by City Staff. Staff did not follow the IR review process.

Roger Smith remarked that reducing the number of Council Member seats
would save Council and Staff time, effort and money. He hoped seven
Council Members would increase the number of people serving two terms
and increase accountability.

Stewart Carl provided recent information regarding flights over Palo Alto. A
new air traffic control plan would narrow flight paths. Planes should fly at
least 5,000 feet above Menlo IAF and should be spread out. In addition, a
nighttime curfew should be imposed for flights.

Jennifer Landesmann received an email from staff at San Francisco
International Airport regarding her complaints about nighttime airplane
noise. Flight paths were lower, more narrow, and busier over Palo Alto.
Palo Alto was geographically eligible for higher-flying planes. Other leaders
had successfully improved airport practices to protect the health and well-
being of people and the environment. The Council should place the issue on
its Agenda.

Aram James supported keeping the number of Council Member seats.
Decreasing the number of seats was not a way to create more transparency.
The City Attorney provided incorrect legal advice to the Council and to
Council candidates. The United States Supreme Court ruled that a candidate
could express his personal views, but could not commit to a particular
decision should he be elected.

Stephanie Munoz stated people in Palo Alto were not allowed to own the lots
where their mobile homes were located. The Council should approve a PC
for the remainder of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park property if the owner
would agree to allow residents to remain on the property.

John Fredrich reported the price of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park under
RM-15 zoning would be less than predicted. Issues around Buena Vista and
the role of government in preserving that housing were important, but most
people were ignoring the issues.




                                                                       Page 14 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/06/14
