                     FINAL MINUTES
Ms. Stump understood the Motion broadly directed the Committee to discuss
all issues.   Staff would not prepare any language for the Committee
meeting. The Committee could direct Staff to perform additional work and
return to the Committee.

James Keene, City Manager, added that the Committee could hold a second
meeting on June 10, 2014.

Council Member Price reported the Committee had meetings scheduled for
May 13 and 20, 2014 and June 10 and 17, 2014.

Ms. Stump advised that the Committee could not discuss Charter
amendments on May 13, 2014 as no public notice had been provided.

Council Member Scharff understood the Motion allowed the Committee to
direct Staff to draft language for Charter amendments.

Mayor Shepherd disagreed.

Ms. Stump assumed a Council Committee had authority to direct Staff to
draft language.

Council Member Scharff did not believe the Committee's discussion should
be quite so broad. He inquired whether the Council should direct the
Committee to discuss specific issues.

Council Member Klein responded no. If there was no support within the
Committee for an issue, then it would not be returned to the Council. He
wanted    to   avoid   the    Council   predetermining    the    Committee's
recommendations. Some of the issues were important to the community,
and the Council had not held thoughtful discussions regarding issues.

Council Member Holman hoped the community would provide feedback and
the Committee's discussion would include the fact that Council Members did
not have to accept compensation. Compensation was a means to broaden
the number of candidates for the City Council. The community was too
small to support districts for Council Members.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to eliminate the discussion of election by district and directly
elected Mayor.

Council Member Burt felt excluding topics for Committee discussion
narrowed the discussion.
                                                                          Page 19 of 26
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 5/12/13
