                             MINUTES
landscape rebate offered incentives for residents and businesses to replace
irrigated lawn with low-water-use landscape.       Currently the City was
matching the Water District's $2 per square foot rebate, for a total of $4 per
square foot rebate. The City also offered incentives for upgrading irrigation
hardware.

Council Member Burt commented that these reductions were in addition to
substantial reductions in water usage over the previous 15-20 years. He
asked if Staff had figures for conservation efforts over the past 15-20 years.

Mr. Procos did not have exact numbers. The City had a water supply
guarantee of 17.07 million gallons per day, but used only 11.5-12 million
gallons per day. Twenty years ago, the City used more than 17 million
gallons of water per day.

Council Member Burt calculated over the last 20 years the City reduced its
total water consumption by more than one-third while the City's population
increased by 15 percent. A secondary benefit to water conservation was the
replacement of lawns with native plantings that formed habitat. Staff
needed to increase awareness of rebate programs.

Council Member Klein stated the City's reduction in water usage was due in
large part to changes in local businesses. Palo Alto was not conserving
water as well as most other cities. Most water conservation occurred when
residents ceased watering their lawns and landscape. He asked about the
number of people who had participated in the landscape rebate program.

Ms. Elvert advised that Palo Alto had the highest participation rate in rebate
programs of all water retailers in Santa Clara County. Staff worked with
community groups to ensure lawns were replaced while protecting the health
of the urban canopy.

Council Member Klein felt the City could greatly increase the number of
participants in the landscape rebate program.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Scharff inquired whether either or both of the Closed
Sessions could be continued.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated the Golin litigation matter was time
sensitive. The remaining Closed Session could be continued to another time.




                                                                        Page 17 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
