                      DRAFT MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd requested the City Attorney advise the Council.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, suggested Staff articulate the approval they
sought from the Council.

Mr. Keene wished to understand Council Members' intentions in
incorporating site and design review into the process at an early stage. He
questioned whether Staff would co-design bridges with architects or whether
architects would submit designs that would later be submitted to site and
design review.

Council Member Holman was thinking designs would be submitted to site
and design review later in the process. That would make design teams
aware of those criteria.

Mr. Keene asked if site and design review criteria could be included in
competition guidelines such that an architect could submit a conceptual
design that would meet site and design review.

Council Member Holman inquired about the reasons for the jury to deliberate
in private.

Ms. O’Driscoll explained that traditionally juries deliberated privately so they
could speak freely.

Council Member Holman requested Staff consider public jury deliberation
because ARB hearings were public.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to: 1) authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute Contract
No. C15155728 with the American Institute of Architects California Council
(AIACC), in a not-to-exceed amount of $184,794 to manage the design
competition for the Pedestrian & Bicycle Overpass at Highway 101, CIP
Project PE-11011; 2) reduce the designers from four finalists to three; 3)
add a fourth design principle that was brought forth by the Sierra Club and
the Audubon Society: Conservation- incorporate state-of-the-art bird-
friendly design science and guidelines and develop innovative approaches to
management of native and non-native predator species; 4) in
interconnectedness delete “garner”, replace with “respect the delicate
ecosystem of the Baylands environment…”; 5) direct the jury to deliberate in
public; 6) direct the Palo Alto’s Site and Design criteria to be provided to the
architect teams; and 7) the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) and
the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) have a role in reviewing
the designs and provide input.

                                                                           Page 20 of 40
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
