                             MINUTES
Mr. Friend was working with the Director of Planning and Community
Environment, Hillary Gitelman regarding the Comprehensive Plan Update.
The goal was to synchronize both efforts in order to conduct a single
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) and to ensure issues were addressed in
a coordinated way.

James Keene, City Manager, noted Mr. Friend posed questions for Council
comment. The questions and issues the Council discussed with respect to
designing the Comprehensive Plan would feed into sustainability efforts.
Integration of the two initiatives would depend on Council direction.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt reducing or eliminating 60-plus percent of the City's
carbon footprint resulting from transportation would be the most difficult or
easiest issue, depending on whether the City could persuade people to use
alternative transportation.   She requested Mr. Friend comment further
regarding transportation.

Mr. Friend agreed that transportation was a major challenge. Much of the
City's carbon footprint resulted from commutes all along the Peninsula;
therefore, the City had to work with its neighbors to solve the problem. The
key lesson taken from Copenhagen's efforts were to make alternative
transportation more convenient, economical, safe, and fun. In Copenhagen,
physical curbs or parking separated bike lanes from vehicle lanes. Finland
integrated a car share service with a minivan shuttle bus service and utilized
sophisticated technology to reduce vehicle miles and increase convenience.
The City was in the early stages of collecting and analyzing data in order to
determine which ideas would be appropriate.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled discussions regarding Lyft and Uber at the National
League of Cities conference. Many lessons were being learned around the
globe.

Mr. Friend wanted to distinguish between technology and business
approaches offered by Uber and other companies and their business
practices. The City should utilize only those aspects that it liked.

Council Member Burt viewed a sustainability conversation as an opportunity
to engage the community broadly regarding a positive vision for the City's
future. The community should have a vision for the Comprehensive Plan
around a sustainable model so that future generations could have a
comparable quality of life. He was interested in discussing whether such a
view should be the overriding template for the Comprehensive Plan and
whether sustainability should permeate all aspects of the Comprehensive
Plan.


12/08/2014                                                             116- 194
