Linda Ruthruff, California Native Plant Society, appreciated Staff listening to
concerns regarding mitigation measures. She was concerned about the
amount of suggested funding for three acres of restoration and continued
maintenance of plantings.

Craig Allen felt it was important to keep public golf in Palo Alto. The Council
could not afford delays in the Golf Course Project. It was time to proceed
with permits, bids, and construction.

Bruce Jaffey believed the Golf Course was a hidden gem and an educational
asset. He looked forward to playing the new Golf Course.

Herb Borock requested the Council not adopt the Statement of Overriding
Considerations regarding lighting, but instead adopt the Limited Athletic
Center Expansion alternative.

Public Hearing closed at 11:05 P.M.

Council Member Klein requested Staff report on the meeting held earlier in
the day.

Mr. Teresi reported State Water Board permitting would be the final obstacle
for the Golf Course Project. Staff requested the Council act on Staff's
recommendation so that the Golf Course Project could move forward once
the final permit was obtained. The State Water Board seemed to believe the
Flood Control Project might need modification which could affect the Golf
Course Project. There was no disadvantage to the Council acting at the
current time.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated Staff disagreed with the State Water
Board regarding the Flood Control Project. It was important for the Council
to proceed because of a tight timeline and revenue losses.

Council Member Klein asked if the inclusion of a gym would require changes
to the EIR.

Mr. Teresi explained that stakeholders opposed a gym.        An additional
significant and unavoidable impact of a gym was greenhouse gas emissions
resulting from additional vehicle trips to and from the gym.

Council Member Klein inquired whether additional vehicle trips included
consideration that potential participants emitted greenhouse gases to reach
their current gym.

Shilpa Trisal, ICF International, reported inclusion of a gymnasium exceeded
the Bay Area Air Quality Management District's threshold for greenhouse gas
                                                                         Page 24 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 02/03/14
