                     DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Lippert noted Board Member Malone Prichard requested contemporary
be deleted.    The ARB was not dictating any specific style, merely
commenting on the materials.

Mr. Eggleston would be happy to remove contemporary.

Council Member Holman concurred with Chair Lippert's comments regarding
the ARB's purview. PARC and Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) were charged with reviewing City design and site requirements;
however, the process did not include a role for either of those bodies.

Ms. Ames intended for the design chosen by the Council to be submitted to
the site and design review process.

Council Member Holman stated site and design review should be integrated
into the competition process as there were site and design criteria.

Ms. Ames would review design guidelines for inclusion of the site and design
review process. Designs presented for competition would be conceptual
rather than ready for site and design review.

Council Member Holman noted Attachment B did not include a role for either
PARC or P&TC.

James Keene, City Manager, interpreted the flow chart as moving the
competition toward a recommendation to the City Council.

Council Member Holman questioned whether the Council should know that
the four finalists complied with site and design review when it was making a
determination. The competition process seemed disjointed.

Ms. O’Driscoll advised that design teams would prepare concepts.

Council Member Klein advised that the item concerned awarding the contract
to AIACC, not the competition process.

Mayor Shepherd recalled Council Member Klein wanted to reduce the
number of finalists from four to three.

Council Member Klein clarified that the number of finalists and additional
criteria were before the Council. The Agenda Item did not encompass the
process once AIACC completed the competition.

Council Member Holman disagreed.

Council Member Klein suggested the Mayor consult the City Attorney.
                                                                        Page 19 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
