                     ACTION MINUTES

to September 22, 2014.

10.    PUBLIC HEARING: 405 Curtner Condominium Map. Approval of a
       Tentative Map to Subdivide One Parcel Totaling 12,375 Square Feet
       Into Six Condominium Units Within the RM-30 Zone District located at
       405 Curtner Avenue. The six-unit development on this site was
       approved on October 29, 2013 and the Planning and Transportation
       Commission unanimously recommend map approval allowing the
       approved units to be sold rather than rented.          Environmental
       Assessment: Categorically exempt from the provisions of the California
       Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) per CEQA Guidelines Sections
       15303 and 15061(b)(3).

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to accept the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendation and
approve the tentative map based on the Record of Land Use Action and
allowing the six approved units to be sold as condominiums rather than
rented.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs
None

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Burt inquired how to send the discussion of soft-story and
unreinforced masonry walled buildings to Policy and Services Committee for
discussion.

Molly Stump, City Attorney stated the City Manager can make a referral to
Policy and Services Committee.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director, on behalf of the City Manager
stated he agreed to do the referral.

Council Member Burt would like to refer to Policy and Services Committee a
discussion on; 1) an update of the inventory of soft-story and unreinforced
masonry buildings; 2) Staff alternatives regarding how to prioritize the
highest risk buildings- if a prioritization is feasible, 3) referral of best or
strongest practices by other cities to enforce the upgrades; 4) summary of

                                                                            Page 5 of 6
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 09/15/14
