                             MINUTES
The Applicant wished to protect the confidentiality of those people who were
currently employed elsewhere and to protect the operations of the business.

Council Member Klein recalled that the Council in 2009 was persuaded to
grant the benefits requested by the Applicant in exchange for the grocery
store because there was community support for the grocery store. He
referenced Paragraph 7 regarding continuous operation as a grocery store.
The PC Ordinance contained penalties for the Applicant not complying with
requirements. The Applicant had a continuing obligation to provide a
grocery store of comparable services and products.          If the Applicant
proposed an existing grocery store as the tenant, then the Council could
easily judge the quality of goods and services. The Council did not have the
necessary information to judge the quality of goods and services offered by
a start-up grocery store. Providing that information to a consultant was not
approved by the Council.

Council Member Holman noted the consultant's report raised issues
regarding a deli consultant and a produce buyer and manager. There was
no mention of the proposed grocer committing to engaging consultants. The
produce department would be smaller; however, the outdoor market would
enhance the produce department. The outdoor market was not shown on
the floor plan, and there was no commitment to the floor plan.

Larry Brucia, President of Sutti Associates, knew the individuals who had
expressed high interest in being part of the J&A Family Market. They were
currently employed by other companies.          The individuals were highly
qualified and involved in high-profile stores. The tenant did not provide him
with employment contracts for those individuals.          The floor plan was
preliminary and not a working drawing. The J&A Family Market would
provide all departments found in other grocery stores. "Grab and go"
products were a part of the store, but not the entire store.

Council Member Holman asked if J&A Family Market had engaged a produce
consultant.

Mr. Brucia stated J&A Family Market had talked to a produce consultant and
expressed an interest in hiring him, and the person expressed a desire to
work for J&A Family Market.

Council Member Berman asked if the Chilcote Family Trust was the owner of
the property.

Mr. Polentz answered yes. Fee title was held in the LLC, but the LLC was
owned by the Chilcote Family Trust.
                                                                       Page 23 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
