Council Member Berman asked if businesses would be eligible to buy permits
for employees. Businesses could not purchase permits for employees at City
parking garages.

Ms. Gitelman reported the number of business or employee permits would
be a critical issue for each District and would be discussed in each District.
Interested parties could also consider rules regarding distribution of permits.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated the restrictions for parking garages
built with tax-exempt municipal bonds did not apply to RPP Districts.
Employer purchase of permits was within the Council's discretion.

Council Member Schmid believed the discussion was extremely helpful with a
broad variety of the public expressing opinions. Staff provided a concrete
proposal. The National Citizen Survey reported dramatic declines in the
areas of traffic, land use and parking. Any solution to help one party would
hurt other parties. If the Council wished to set priorities and establish costs,
it needed to know the scale of the problem. The Council needed City data
regarding parking deficit and intrusion. The primary element was base data.

Council Member Holman explained that workers were not intruders to
neighborhoods. The term intrusion applied to vehicles. In the past, the
P&TC led community outreach such that general outreach meetings were not
held. That could allow for greater efficiency by not duplicating outreach
meetings.

Mr. Keene requested clarification regarding P&TC outreach.

Council Member Holman explained that in discussing the Comprehensive
Plan, broad community outreach meetings were held at P&TC meetings.
Because of the large number of restaurants in Downtown, she suggested
restaurant owners collaborate regarding employee parking. Costs of permits
as stated in the Staff Report seemed high in comparison to the costs in other
cities. The opt-out method could be more efficient and expedient. She
inquired whether Staff felt dedicated employee parking spaces on each block
would be feasible.

Ms. Sullivan reported other cities utilized designated employee parking
spaces in such a manner. That method could be considered in the analysis
of individual Districts. Some cities designated specific areas for employee
parking. Those were viable options in certain Districts.

Council Member Holman felt the neighborhood support threshold should be
51-55 percent as many people did not respond to surveys. She inquired


                                                                          Page 15 of 19
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 01/27/2014
