                              MINUTES
Council Member Burt believed the Council did not fully understand the
necessity for Mr. Smailey to participate in the agreement. Mr. Smailey was
involved because he was providing the capital. He questioned whether an
arrangement for the financial entity and the operator to share equity in the
business meant each would be required to have extensive grocery
experience. He was unsure whether that was necessary. He inquired
whether the Council had discretion to reject a proposal because it did not
believe the operator would offer comparable products and services on an
ongoing basis.

Molly Stump, City Attorney advised that the touchstone for the Council was
comparability of quality of products and services. The daily penalty spoke to
the Applicant's willingness to commit to an ongoing operation. That could be
the topic for the Council's focus if it had additional comments or guidance to
provide.

Council Member Burt asked if Ms. Stump meant the Council did not have the
discretion to reject a proposal if it was skeptical of the long-term viability of
a proposed operator.

Ms. Stump replied no. The PC Ordinance contained two separate provisions
related to inception and ongoing viability.

Ms. Silver added that the Ordinance contained some ongoing safeguards.
She read Condition B-7 regarding continuous operation and Condition B-2
regarding the type of grocery store.

Council Member Burt stated that an offer to pay a penalty did not guarantee
a grocery store would continue to operate. He reiterated his question of
whether the Council had discretion to include whether it believed the
proposed operator could reasonably meet the requirement of "shall continue
to operate."

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff's view was that was within the City's purview.
That was the reason Staff focused on a surety for maintaining the business
with comparable services and products. A significant penalty would operate
as a disincentive for the space remaining vacant.

Council Member Burt reiterated his question of whether the Council had
discretion in its approval process to judge whether the operator could
achieve comparable products and services on an ongoing basis.

Ms. Silver answered yes. That was surely the intent of the entire process.

Council Member Klein would not support the Substitute Motion as he
preferred the Applicant and Staff resolve any issues.



12/01/2014                                                               116- 158
