                            MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman recalled the attorney for the Applicant mentioned a joint
venture between the current operator and tenant. She asked if that would
meet the intent of the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Burt stated a nominal equity position would not meet the
intent of the Substitute Motion. If the Applicant could arrange a proposal
that met the City Manager's preliminary approval, then it could be agendized
at any time.

Council Member Scharff concurred with Council Member Burt's comments.

Mayor Shepherd believed construction loan deadlines could impact the
owners. She wished to ensure the Council was willing to discuss a new
proposal on either December 8 or 15, 2014. The Substitute Motion made no
reference to an equity partnership that the Council could find acceptable.
Without that, the Council could repeat the process at a future meeting.

Mr. Polentz reported the ownership of the current lessee, JJ&F Family
Markets, would agree to a 51/49 percent equity partnership with Mr. Chavez
having 49 percent of equity ownership. He asked if that was satisfactory to
the Council. Documents could be prepared and submitted to the City
Manager the following day if that arrangement was responsive to the
Substitute Motion.

Council Member Burt suggested that would be substantive, but the Council
deferred to the City Manager after providing him with guidance.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member Burt.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the Substitute Motion was prescriptive. The one aspect
she could support was the penalty of $2,000 per day. Much of the language
was contained within the PC Ordinance.

Council Member Klein did not believe the Council had gained anything by
proposing the Substitute Motion. Many of the requirements of the Substitute
Motion were contained in the PC Ordinance. The Council's first act was to
disapprove the proposal of the Applicant. The Applicant had the burden of
making a proposal to the Council. As Council Member Schmid suggested,
the Motion should contain a statement that any proposal include the $2,000
per day penalty.     The Substitute Motion needed to be treated as an
Amendment because the Council supported the general idea of rejecting the
current proposal.

Mayor Shepherd inquired if the Substitute Motion should be an Amendment
to the Motion.




12/01/2014                                                           116- 161
