                             MINUTES

If the Council wished to make decisions at the end of Phase 1, then Staff
would need to prepare a Staff Report in Month 4 of the trial period in order
to present information to the Council at the end of the trial period. In
addition, Staff would need to collect data and consult with stakeholders.

Council Member Burt interpreted those comments as the process would not
be fully administrative.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the administrative process would occur during the
transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2.

Council Member Burt asked if Phase 2 would be the end of the process.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Section 2 of the Resolution stated the Council would
consider whether to make the RPP Districts and its parking programs
permanent or modify them at the end of Phase 2.

Council Member Burt commented that initial spillover was likely to occur as
other traffic mitigations would not be in effect at the outset of the RPP
Program. The public and surrounding neighborhoods should understand
that. Spillover would resolve as the City implemented other traffic measures
and as people adjusted their behavior. The Council should be aggressive in
attempting to implement limited Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
measures at the time of implementation of Phase 1. He hoped Phase 2
considerations included variable pricing. He inquired whether Staff intended
to perform additional surveys and whether Staff requested email addresses
of survey respondents.

Ms. Sullivan did not request email addresses; however, the follow-up survey
in Phase 1 could be administered online.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff had considered ways to avoid the rush
for permits as soon as online sales were available.

Ms. Sullivan explained that Staff would work through details of selling and
fulfilling permits with permit vendors. Staff wanted some ability to manage
permit sales.

Council Member Burt felt a major decision of Phase 2 was whether non-
resident permits would be sold in annexed areas. He asked if Staff had
made that decision at the current time.

Ms. Sullivan reported the program did not state the City would not sell
employee permits for blocks that might be annexed.              That would
characterize annexed blocks differently from the original area.



12/02/2014                                                            116- 187
