                            MINUTES
Ms. McCown said yes because to exit the new project at Columbia Street and
California Avenue to get to Page Mill Road, a person had to turn right on
California Avenue, but not down Columbia Street.

Council Member Holman clarified she was talking about in the new project.

Ms. McCown understood the congestion concern involved people exiting this
project on Columbia Street to drive through College Terrace to get to
Stanford Avenue. The road that took a person to Page Mill Road did not
alter the congestion on Bowdoin Street, Amherst Street, or Columbia Street.

Council Member Holman understood.

Mr. Balin remarked that internally, the project had bad circulation and
thought the traffic cutting through the neighborhood was a concern too.

Council Member Holman clarified that the appellant’s comments were in
regard to the internal circulation of the project.

Ms. McCown understood that the numbers focused on large volumes of
people inside the project, as opposed to people that were using Amherst
Street or Bowdoin Street. She understood that if people were coming out at
Columbia Street or California Avenue, those people wanted to go through
the neighborhood, which was the concern about the College Terrace
neighborhood. She noted that creating an access road through 1450 Page
Mill Road was a different situation.

Council Member Holman supports Safe Routes to School. She requested
more information about improvements because it was a condition of
approval that Stanford University would take care of the crosswalks. She
wanted to know about covering costs for additional safety features and
wanted to know if the cost was going to be shared by the City and Stanford
University.

Ms. Gitelman said one factor was whose land the improvements were
identified on.

Council Member Holman asked if clarification was needed that internal
improvements would be provided by Stanford University.




06/23/2014                                                     115- 225
