                             MINUTES
Council Member Price favored Scenario 4. There was a lengthy discussion of
Scenario 4 and performance measures for issues such as traffic, water
utilization, and environmental impact. She requested Staff in the next
iteration provide more examples of appropriate performance measures that
could lead to meaningful results at the level of a program EIR. She inquired
whether Staff had examples, other than the City of Santa Monica, where
performance measures had been successful at the program EIR level or a
specific plan level. She inquired whether Staff could differentiate between
additional performance measures and a mitigation monitoring plan.

Hillary Gitelman explained that each of the scenarios used a somewhat
different approach to manage growth. The first scenario used an absolute
cap. In the other scenarios, Staff attempted to alternate schemes to
manage the pace of growth. Scenarios 2 and 3 proposed an annual limit on
nonresidential property, basically office and research and development
(R&D) space. Staff did not specify a cap for growth, but expected to work
with the Council to choose a growth rate based on historic trend data. The
growth rate could be different for the two scenarios or it could be the same.
In Scenario 4, Staff proposed a performance-based approach rather than a
cap or an annual limit. The Council would create a set of performance
standards to which any new development would adhere, thereby avoiding
some of the impacts that people associated with growth. For example, Staff
would attempt to create a performance measure to address potential traffic
impacts associated with growth. People did not object to and experience
growth per se but rather the impact of growth. Staff owed the Council not
only examples of performance measures from other jurisdictions, but also
more finite proposals for performance metrics. Staff could review other
jurisdictions that used performance-based planning in a variety of contexts
and work with the Council to develop real measures and mechanisms to
ensure Scenario 4 was a viable concept for evaluation.

Council Member Price believed an understanding of performance-based
measures could be used not only in planning but also in smart growth and
sustainability efforts to lead to a more informed discussion.

Council Member Scharff shared Council Member Klein's concerns regarding
significant citizen participation. He inquired whether Staff could continue to
obtain citizen participation while beginning the EIR process.

Mr. Keene replied absolutely. It would be easier to involve the community
as specific and detailed proposals were made. The possibilities would
become more concrete and tangible.



                                                                         Page 3 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
