                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene indicated the language did not match exactly with language in the
lease. The City would be sharing in the proportionate loss.

Council Member Berman was excited to move forward with Cubberley.

Vice Mayor Kniss advised that Cubberley Community Center was an
extraordinary asset in need of a facelift. Foothill College moving out of
Cubberley would be a major revenue loss for the City. One important area
of Cubberley was the playing fields as they were well used. Perhaps another
business entity in the community could take advantage of the space
occupied by Foothill College after it vacated the premises.

Council Member Scharff believed dedicated funds for infrastructure was a
major accomplishment. The agreement provided a framework which would
hopefully end with a Master Plan that could be supported by the entire
community. The City should keep in mind the importance of Cubberley as a
community center and develop guiding principles for a Master Plan.

Council Member Price was particularly interested in joint planning for the
site. Joint planning allowed for creativity and community engagement.
Cubberley would continue to be a tremendous asset and would serve many
generations in the future.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the City was fortunate in that PAUSD did not sell
all its unused school sites several years ago. She was grateful the City
would have funds to repair and renovate the facilities.

Mr. Keene thanked City Staff for negotiating with PAUSD superintendent and
staff.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Holman absent

11.   Adoption of an Ordinance Repealing the Prohibition on Human
      Habitation of Vehicles (Ordinance No. 5206, Codified as Palo Alto
      Municipal Code Section 9.06.010).

Mayor Shepherd reported Staff requested Council action on an Ordinance in
2011; however, the Council directed Staff to reach out to the faith
community to identify partners for solutions. In 2013, the Council passed an
Ordinance prohibiting human habitation of vehicles and directed Staff to stay
enforcement of the Ordinance for six months. In response to litigation
against the City of Los Angeles in December 2013, the Council again delayed
enforcement of the Ordinance.




11/17/2014                                                            116- 122
