                             MINUTES
architectural control board. The ARB could only critique a project presented
to it. The ARB did not design a project for the applicant.

Clare Malone-Prichard, Architectural Review Board Member, remarked that
the summary document illustrated the critical and thoughtful review given to
every project. The quality of the initial application determined the number
of project reviews and changes. ARB Members spent a great deal of time
reviewing the packet for each hearing. The ARB did not dictate design. The
goal of the ARB was to meet the findings and to improve the built
environment.

Alexander Lew, Architectural Review Board Member, reviewed an arts and
crafts style building proposed for 500 University Avenue. The ARB wanted
an integrated solution. The applicant proposed changes which resulted in a
pedestrian-friendly building with storefronts visible to the street.  The
applicant indicated the changes generated greater interest from potential
tenants.

Randolph Popp, Vice-Chair of the Architectural Review Board, noted the
public did not see the original proposals for projects and, therefore, were not
aware of many improvements to projects.              The initial proposal for
Bloomingdale's was such an example. The appearance of height and mass
for the project were dominated by a mechanical screen.                The ARB
recommended the applicant minimize the height of the project to make the
building compatible with the context. The ARB encouraged the applicant to
interpret new standards for its buildings.

Board Member Lew indicated the 405 Curtner Avenue project was a six-unit
condo building originally proposed as a three-story row house with no
modulation of the façade, a virtually blank front façade, and a lack of
fenestration pattern.    The applicant had the highest intentions for
sustainable design; however, the ARB did not see that in the plans. After
ARB review, the applicant proposed changes that included greater
differentiation among the units, more windows and balconies on the front
façade, more harmonious and integrated landscape, and individual entrances
to each unit.

Vice Chair Popp advised that an applicant requested feedback for a project
and stated very specific goals of a sleek, clean, and modern building. The
ARB's response was that the building was architecturally severe and the
structural frame was more appropriate for a high-rise building. The ARB
requested plans for the adjacent building to anticipate the current and future
context of the building. As a result of the review process, the massing of the
building was broken up and dramatically reduced. Balconies were added to
                                                                          Page 2 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 06/09/14
