                             MINUTES
Roland Lebrun questioned Caltrain's plan to give higher priority to
electrification of the line than to a complete fleet replacement. Replacing
the entire fleet would substantially reduce operating costs. Caltrain should
focus on a complete fleet replacement in three years regardless of the
electrification project.

Elizabeth Alexis, Greenmeadow Community Association and Californians
Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD), provided a simulation of the
PS5 Alternative 1 to be placed at the entrance to Greenmeadow. PS5
Alternative 1 was directly visible from the park and community center which
was the heart of the neighborhood. It should be moved and not located
directly in the right-of-way. Caltrain should install low noise barriers and
consider burying electrical wires near the corridor.

Stephen Rosenblum stated the most important thing about the project was
grade separations. One additional train per hour at the cost of $1 billion was
not cost effective.   The project should not proceed without grade
separations.

Herb Borock noted the City's Guiding Principles indicated there should be
two environmental impact reports; one for the modernization project and
one for any subsequent improvements related to HSR. Litigation could stop
HSR. In the letter, the City should raise the issue of the prejudicial abuse of
process by having a Caltrain DEIR that assumed HSR in the same right-of-
way.

Council Member Price remarked that the letter should be more forceful
regarding the aesthetics and design of the catenary wire system. With a
more thorough assessment of options, the City could have an improved
design. She agreed with public comments regarding grade separations, as
they were important for operating efficiencies, safety, and aesthetics. She
requested Staff include a discussion of grade separations, but not within the
impacts on local traffic. A fund to assist with implementation of future
corridor improvements was critical. She requested Staff rephrase "could" to
be a recommendation and include a sentence regarding safety related to
pedestrian accessibility. She inquired whether the letter recommended a
tree mitigation fund to make the City whole for the number of trees
removed.

Mr. Hackmann indicated Staff's thought was to have trees replaced. The
first priority was to place trees on or near the corridor. The second priority
was to place trees in an appropriate place near the corridor.



04/21/2014                                                             114- 501
