William Hanley felt the RPP Program was not workable. He supported The
Simple Parking Solution (TSPS) which seemed to encompass all aspects of
parking for residents, employees and businesses.

Brian Quo indicated that the proposed RPP framework would be detrimental
to his small business and would chase businesses away from Palo Alto.
Moving vehicles every two hours was not feasible.

Stacey Quo believed some features of the proposed RPP Program would
make serving the community difficult for small businesses.         Public
transportation was not an option for most employees. Moving vehicles was
not an option in a medical practice.

Rob Fischer stated the City should stop offering an in-lieu parking fee to
developers as part of the parking solution. Providing employee parking
further away from businesses would make staffing an issue for businesses.

Reza Riahi worried about his female employees walking to their vehicles,
especially as they often worked late hours. He opposed the proposed RPP
framework as it would hurt his business.

Gary Laine indicated the Council should address the issue of multiple families
living in apartment units. He wondered about the effect of parking penalties
for shoppers on businesses. He could not imagine the disruption to his
medical practice if an RPP Program was implemented. Implementing the
proposed RPP framework would be detrimental to the City.

Ben Cintz felt the proposed framework lacked flexibility and did not address
alternatives. TSPS would address overcrowded streets and would not spread
parking problems across the City.

David Sass, LYFE Kitchen, believed his employees were part of the
community. He understood public parking was available for the whole
community. Employees could not move their vehicles every two hours and
could not afford alternative transportation.

Cassandra Berg liked the proposed framework; however, the percentage of
neighborhood support should be 70 or 75 percent.

Delores Eberhart indicated workers were not neighborhood intruders. Most
employees lived outside Palo Alto and deserved a place to park. She hoped
the Council would reconsider the proposed action.

Eric Filseth, speaking for a group of five members of the public, encouraged
the Council to proceed with directing Staff to draft an Ordinance. The real
issue was the effect of overparking on a neighborhood.           Overparking
                                                                         Page 9 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/27/2014
