                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd indicated coauthors could provide relevant comments in
response to Council questions.

Enid Pearson supported dedication of the 7.7 acres as parkland. She
recalled that Mr. Lee offered the City the quarry and additional lands;
however, the City opted not to take his offer. She suggested Staff and the
Council review other lands for possible dedication as parkland.

Geoff Paulsen, member of the Lee family, was appreciative of the
relationship between the Lee family and the City. The land provided a
valuable emergency access route. The property was flat and amenable to
access by the elderly and disabled, provided a variety of habitats, and
allowed connection to the network of Foothills trails.

Emily Renzel was pleased dedication of the property as parkland was
presented. The site offered interesting possibilities for consolidating natural
areas.

Winter Dellenbach shared stories about Deer Meadow and the lack of
dedicating property donated to the City as parkland.

John Lindon was interested in adding a trail that connected the property with
trails from Foothill Park. He offered to provide a substantial portion of the
cost to construct a foot bridge for the trail.

Herb Borock supported the proposal to dedicate the 7.7 acres as parkland.
He provided additional history regarding the City's decision not to purchase
additional land from Mr. Lee.

Doria Summa urged the Council to dedicate the 7.7 acres as parkland.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to direct Staff to: 1) return to Council with a park dedication
Ordinance for this City-owned land adjacent to Foothills Park; 2) outline the
major options for the best uses of this land; 3) present to the Parks and
Recreation Commission alternatives for public uses along with natural
landscape restoration for their review and for public input; 4) establish a
timeline for permanently opening the land to the public; and 5) draft a letter
of appreciation acknowledging the contribution of the Lee family to Palo Alto
parks.

Council Member Holman felt a letter of appreciation was overdue.

Council Member Schmid was not aware the property was restricted to
conservation and recreation until Mr. Arrillaga made his offer to the City.

                                                                         Page 21 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/24/2014
