                             MINUTES
26.   PUBLIC HEARING: Council Action Regarding an Appeal of the Director
      of Planning and Community Environment's Decision Approving a
      Project on an Approximately 17-acre Site in the RP (AS2) Zoning
      District located at 1451-1601 California Avenue, and Council Approval
      of a Tentative Map to Subdivide Three Parcels Into 83 Parcels at the
      Same Site. The Proposal Would Authorize Demolition of Approximately
      290,220 Square Feet of Existing R&D/Office Space and Construction of
      180 Dwelling Units, Which Includes 68 Detached Single Family Units
      and 112 Multi-Family Units as Anticipated in the 2005 Mayfield
      Development Agreement.       Environmental Assessment: City of Palo
      Alto/Stanford     Development    Agreement     and    Lease   Project
      Environmental Impact Report (State Clearinghouse No. 2003082103).


Council Member Klein noted he could not participate in this Item because his
wife is a Stanford faculty member and this is on Stanford Property. Council
Member Klein left the meeting at 9:20 P.M.

Mayor Shepherd asked Council to identify any information they learned that
was outside the public record.

Council Member Berman met with representatives from Stanford University
and did not learn anything outside the public record; he invited the appellant
to meet but they declined.

Council Member Price discussed this project with representatives from
Stanford University and was not aware of any additional information that
was not in the public record.

Mayor Shepherd disclosed that she met with Stanford University on the
maps portion of this project but did not learn anything beyond the public
record. This project related to a housing development project that was the
subject of a 2005 Development Agreement between the City of Palo Alto and
Stanford University. To make sure all Items were before the Council, Staff
combined the public hearing on the Architectural Review Board (ARB)
appeal, the Director’s Appeal, and the subdivision map.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning Director remarked that Staff was available to
answer questions.




06/23/2014                                                        115- 210
