                            MINUTES
MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to: 1)
adopt the Resolution allocating CDBG funding as recommended by staff in
the 2015 Action Plan; 2) authorize staff to submit the 2015 Action Plan to
the Department of Housing and Urban Development by the May 15, 2014
deadline; 3) authorize the City Manager, on behalf of the City, to execute
the 2015 application and Action Plan for CDBG funds and any other
necessary documents concerning the application and to otherwise bind the
City with respect to the application and commitment of funds; and 4)
beginning with CDBG 2016 cycle, Staff to provide pertinent information
describing the Microenterprise Assistance Program.

Mayor Shepherd recommended the Finance Committee review CDBG funding
during Budget hearings. She inquired whether impact investment was the
City's categorical name or a standard program name.

Ms. Hernandez indicated the Economic Development category was a general
language.

Mayor Shepherd felt impact investment was more logical than
microenterprise. Impact investment implied economic development at the
entry level of social entrepreneurship. Staff was working with the Downtown
Streets Team to identify those with viable abilities for MAP.

Council Member Holman noted the Motion did not contain the fourth item
recommended by the Finance Committee.

Ms. Gitelman stated Staff failed to include the fourth recommendation in the
Staff Report. It was a direction to Staff concerning the following year's
funding cycle.

Council Member Holman recalled that the Finance Committee included the
fourth point based on concerns similar to Council Member Scharff's concerns.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to refer the Microenterprise Assistance Program to
Finance Committee for review.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the Finance Committee would review MAP during
the Budget process.

Council Member Scharff answered yes.

Ms. Hernandez reported Staff could return to the Finance Committee with
specific programs or projects within the $150,000 amount.



05/05/2014                                                          114- 579
