                              MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return to Council with an
informational report before the end of 2014 on the status.

Mr. Keene would place an item on the Agenda once Staff determined a
timeframe for providing a draft Ordinance.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

18.   Policy Discussion on Whether to Conduct a Closed Session Prior to an
      Open Session to Discuss the 2014-2015 Management & Professional
      Compensation Plan; Possible Referral to Policy & Services Regarding
      Closed/Open Session Practice for Compensation Matters.

3.    Selection of    Applicants to Interview on October 15, 2014 for the
      Architectural   Review Board and the Historic Resources Board, and
      Selection of    Applicants to Interview on October 22, 2014 for the
      Planning and    Transportation Commission.

Council Member Schmid recommended a 15-minute time limit for Planning
and Transportation Commission (P&TC) interviews. With 11 candidates, all
interviews would require approximately three hours. Because attention
could wane over three hours, a time limit of 10-12 minutes might be more
reasonable. He understood a number of candidates would interview for
different Boards and Commissions. He suggested having candidates choose
one Board or Commission for which to interview or reducing the time spent
interviewing those candidates.

Mayor Shepherd suggested interviewing incumbent candidates for 10
minutes and new candidates for 15 minutes.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to: 1) interview all candidates; and 2) have the candidates who applied for
multiple Boards or Commissions to pick one Board or Commission they want
to be interviewed for.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed each candidate should choose one Board or
Commission. Interviews of candidates for Boards and Commissions other
than the P&TC could have a time limit of 10 minutes.

Council Member Price inquired whether policies and procedures could limit
candidates to applying for only one Board or Commission.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, recommended the Policy and Services Committee
discuss the matter.

                                                                     Page 32 of 35
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 10/06/14
