            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
    c. Establish a list of contributing partner agencies who commit to bring
       food scraps to the facility;
    d. Initiate a financing plan for Component Two of the OFP;
    e. Determine the appropriate purchasing and project delivery
       mechanisms that should be utilized to develop the OFP; and
    f. Determine the required CEQA documentation for the Components of
       the OFP.
 6.    Update the existing timeline and schedule in December, 2014 for all
       Components of the OFP, and direct Staff to expedite the process to
       the maximum extent feasible.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to:

 1.   Reject all proposals received in response to the “Energy/Compost
      Facility or Export Option for Food Scraps, Yard Trimmings, and
      Biosolids” Request for Proposals (E/CF RFP) process.
 2. Begin to pursue the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP) by hiring a Program
      Management firm.
 3. Apply for a State Water Resources Control Board State Revolving Fund
      (SRF) loan for Component One of the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP).
 4. Initiate design of Component One of the OFP, Biosolids Dewatering
      and Truck Haul-Out Facility, including direction to prepare related
      modifications to the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP)
      partner agency agreements.
 5. Initiate predesign of Component Two, Development of a Thermal
      Hydrolysis Process Wet Anaerobic Digestion (THP AD) facility, at the
      RWQCP; Component Three, Food Scrap Preprocessing; and
      Component Four, Yard Trimmings Processing of the OFP, including the
      following:
   a. Determine the price of electricity that the RWQCP will receive for
      power generated by the facility;
   b. Establish the optimum size of the THP AD facility built to accommodate
      biosolids for a 30-year planning horizon as well as capacity for food
      scraps, which Palo Alto and any other jurisdiction would commit to
      bring to the facility;
   c. Establish a list of contributing partner agencies who commit to bring
      food scraps to the facility;
   d. Finalize a financing plan for Component Two of the OFP;
   e. Determine the appropriate purchasing and project delivery
      mechanisms that should be utilized to develop the OFP; and
   f. Determine the required CEQA documentation for the Components of
      the OFP.

                                                                            Page 4 of 7
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                        Draft Action Minutes: 05/12/14
