                              MINUTES
He inquired whether a proposed Zoning Ordinance would return to the P&TC
or to the Council if the Council directed Staff to make significant changes.

Ms. Gitelman advised that substantial revisions would need a P&TC
recommendation.

Council Member Scharff suggested Staff return to the Council with major
attributes they intended to include in Zoning Ordinances and a Staff Report
stating their rationale.

Ms. Gitelman could return directly to the Council if so directed.

Council Member Scharff remarked that a proposed Zoning Ordinance would
need to be an Action Item.

Ms. Gitelman concurred with adding language to Recommendation Number
1.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include in Number 1 of the Motion that Staff is
to return to Council with a report on potential topics of the Ordinance prior
to going to Planning and Transportation Commission with a possible
Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff shared Council Member Holman's concerns
regarding retail and requested Staff update the map to incorporate the SOFA
area with Downtown. He wanted to find a way to prevent existing retail
from converting to office before the Comprehensive Plan was finalized. He
would support the Motion.

Council Member Burt recalled a previous City Council instituted a moratorium
on retail conversions while it reexamined Zoning Ordinances. The Council
should consider a moratorium when the item returned in January. In all
discussions of the commercial development cap, retail was defined as
commercial development; however, the Council did not intend for the
development cap to include retail. That point needed clarification.

Ms. Gitelman explained that an annual limit for office/research and
development (R&D) would not apply to retail. Monitoring did include retail
as well as office/R&D. Hopefully Staff would have better data sets that
separated retail from office/R&D prior to the January working session.

Council Member Burt inquired whether it was unnecessary to provide a
clarification at the current time.



12/08/2014                                                            116- 214
