                       FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Guardino wanted Caltrain to receive as much as one-seventh of total
funding.

Council Member Scharff indicated one-seventh was not a great deal, given
the systems were equal with respect to the benefits they provided. The
costs of making Caltrain work were much less than the amount required for
BART. To obtain the north county's support, SVLG would have to assure
voters that Caltrain would receive one-seventh of funding.

Mr. Guardino suggested a 1/2 cent tax increase was feasible; however, it
would still not be sufficient to fund all needs. The commitment to Caltrain
was strong.      SVLG members wanted a measure with a strong ROI,
accountability, transparency, and that would help as many local communities
and the region as much as possible.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to refer this to the Policy and Services Committee for discussion and
recommendation to Council.

Council Member Scharff felt the discussion was important for the Council.
He inquired whether the Council or Staff could contact Mr. Guardino for
additional information.

Mr. Guardino replied of course.

Council Member Burt encouraged the Policy and Services Committee to
closely review the issues of Caltrain capacity. Friends of Caltrain had
performed a great deal of work on the issue. Caltrain capacity was the
critical yet least discussed issue for the City.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the connection to San Francisco was
critical to Palo Alto's future; therefore, Caltrain was important to Palo Alto.
There was a conflict between capacity and grade crossings. Enhanced
Caltrain service challenged Palo Alto connectivity. Grade crossings should be
an explicit goal in any project for Palo Alto. Palo Alto's interests were clearly
enunciated, and residents would expect to see a proposed measure that
clearly expressed those interests.

Mr. Guardino reported SVLG's commitment was to sound policy.    Tax
measures that had run their course delivered on their promises. Tax
measures in progress were showing strong delivery of promises. SVLG
hoped to fashion equally sound policy.

Council Member Holman concurred with comments regarding assurances for
Caltrain funding. Nothing was more critical than those assurances. She
                                                                             Page 23 of 29
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
