                              MINUTES
did want to honor Doris Richmond and the Wymans for their contributions to
Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid believed the name Rinconada provided a
geographical setting for the library and resonated with street and area
names.

Council Member Scharff agreed that naming an Edward Durell Stone building
after Birge Clark was inappropriate; their styles were disparate. He did not
have a strong preference for either Main or Rinconada. The community
appeared to have coalesced around Rinconada. The LAC provided good
reasons for using the name Rinconada Library.

Council Member Berman appreciated public comments regarding the
individuals who played large roles in the library system. The LAC's work was
thoughtful, thorough, logical and reached the correct conclusion.         He
supported the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Shepherd would support the Substitute Motion. The name Rinconada
Library aligned with the names of other library branches. She did not follow
the logic in naming Main Library for Birge Clark. She expressed regret that
there was a lack of understanding of the City's policy for naming and
renaming facilities.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Klein, Price no

Council took a break at 9:04 P.M.

22.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Approve the Fiscal Years 2015
      to 2024 General Fund Long Range Financial Forecast.

Council Member Klein noted the title of the Agenda Item was incorrect. The
Council’s action should be to accept the Long Range Financial Forecast
(LRFF).

James Keene, City Manager, concurred.     Staff should retain independence
and autonomy in generating the LRFF.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the recommended Motion would be for the Council
to accept Fiscal Years 2015 to 2024 General Fund Long Range Financial
Forecast.

Walter Rossmann, Director of Management and Budget Office, recalled the
LRFF was initially presented to the Finance Committee on February 18,
2014, and the Finance Committee accepted the LRFF. The LRFF marked the
beginning of the Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 Budget planning process. It allowed
Staff and the Council to understand long-term results of past decisions and

                                    13                           April 7, 2014
