                             MINUTES

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager, reported the City
lacked basic and essential data regarding businesses and employees. Such
data could be utilized for transportation and land use planning, economic
development planning, and emergency preparedness. The Council directed
Staff to create a simple online registry to obtain data and to recover costs.
A Use and Occupancy (U&O) Certificate was required for all businesses
operating from a commercial space. Enforcement was limited to businesses
that needed other permits from the Development Center or that needed
random inspections. The objective for the Staff recommendation was to
replace or enhance the current U&O Certificate to include the data
component.      Staff recommended a phased approach.          Staff proposed
delivering the registry by the end of 2014, enhancing enforcement later, and
extending the business registry beyond businesses occupying commercial
spaces. Staff would return to the Council in the fall of 2014 with a draft
Ordinance and a plan for enforcing the Ordinance. Staff performed initial
outreach with the business community and recommended additional
outreach in the development and implementation stages.

Martin Bernstein, speaking as an individual, requested the Council clarify and
specify that no fee would be required for any home-based business owner
with no employees.

Hal Mickelson, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, indicated there was no need
for a business registry within the business community. If a business registry
was deemed necessary for efficient City administration, the Chamber
believed it should be revenue neutral, simple, further simplified for small
business, and exempt home businesses. He urged the Council and Staff to
consider confidentiality, complicatedness, and enforcement.

Council Member Klein commented that virtually every other city in California
had a business registry. Businesses in every community had grappled with
the problems Mr. Mickelson mentioned.

Mr. Mickelson suggested the Council obtain advice from the City Attorney
regarding actions taken by other cities with respect to confidentiality. Some
companies might prefer to pay a fine rather than submit sensitive
information.

Council Member Klein hoped the Chamber would provide ideas.

Mr. Mickelson would continue to work with the City.


04/29/2014                                                            114- 537
