Ms. Gitelman reported the Downtown       CAP Study was reviewing the 250
square feet per employee standard. In    May or June 2014 Staff should have
better data on whether that figure       was a representative average of
employment density. At that point the    Council could consider adjusting the
figure.

Mayor Shepherd asked if a project would have to provide more parking
based on Council's revision of the figure regardless of State regulations.

Ms. Gitelman was not aware of any State regulation governing office
parking.

MOTION #5 PASSED: 9-0

MOTION #6: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to direct Staff to conduct monthly monitoring of permit parking.

Council Member Burt reiterated that top floors of garages were the last
floors to be filled. The solution to filling garages was simpler than stated in
that the City could simply issue more permits.

Mayor Shepherd indicated intermittent vacancies at garages were a mystery.

MOTION #6 PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Shepherd announced the next item for discussion was to authorize
Staff to pursue planning grants and begin planning work for a new transit
mall expansion with a 478-space parking garage on Urban Lane, in
partnership with the property owner and the Joint Powers Authority.

Council Member Klein recused himself from the item as his wife was a
member of the Stanford University faculty.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed the item was premature because of the number of
agencies involved. The depiction of a garage was out of scale and did not fit
the area.

Council Member Scharff was concerned that Staff had not articulated the
item correctly. There seemed to be two components: improving the transit
mall and adding parking. He inquired about Staff's objectives for the site.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Staff wished to make improvements to transit
and to increase parking supply. Staff could review other options for scale of
                                                                         Page 32 of 37
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 2/10/14
