                     DRAFT MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd clarified that the Motion could change through Council
discussion.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Burt's comments.
She did ask questions about the process at an earlier discussion. She
apologized to the public for not being more forceful in her objections. The
response to Recommendation Number 1 should demonstrate that the Real
Estate Division had reviewed use restrictions on donated property by
including a list of City-owned land and current uses. That list should be sent
to the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) to consider whether some
of that land should be dedicated parkland. Examples of such property were
Gamble Garden, Williams House Gardens, and Winter Lodge.

Mr. Keene clarified that the list would enumerate all donated property within
the City-owned inventory.

Council Member Holman asked if the City had to restrict itself to only
donated property. A list of all City-owned land would be more transparent.

Mr. Keene explained that donated property could have been donated for a
specific use. A determination of use might not be as clear with City-owned
property.

Council Member Holman noted that many Council Members were not aware
of City ownership of the property. A list of all City-owned property was
important.

Ms. Stump advised that the Council could request that type of information,
but that would not be responsive to the Grand Jury report. She did not
believe that level of survey work had been conducted. The City owned
hundreds of parcels of land that would require a great deal of time to
catalog.

Council Member Holman agreed to limit the list of land to donated land.

Ms. Stump suggested the list be provided outside the response to the report.

Mr. Keene proposed the response state that the City Council had directed
Staff to provide a list of all donated property and its use.

Council Member Holman believed the response to Finding Number 2 should
require Council approval and the public notice include clear descriptions of
Agenda Items rather than minimum legal descriptions.

Ms. Stump inquired whether that pertained to agendizing real property
negotiations.
                                                                         Page 33 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
