                             MINUTES
The Housing Element addressed housing needs for very-low income, low
income, moderate income, and above-moderate income households. If the
City did not obtain a certified Housing Element, it would be vulnerable to
legal challenges and would not be eligible for State transportation and
housing funds. Certification of a Housing Element would be required by the
State whether or not the City participated in ABAG. Staff held extensive
public outreach through the Housing Element Community Panel, two housing
affordability workshops, an online housing questionnaire, and a website
dedicated to the Housing Element Update. The City was not required to
construct housing mandated by RHNA; however, the City was required to
plan to accommodate the RHNA amount. For 2015-2023, the City was
required to accommodate 1,988 housing units. Over the previous 25 years,
the City had constructed 58 percent of its RHNA amount. The State
generally required a 10-percent surplus of the allocation; therefore, Staff
had to identify sites to accommodate 2,188 units. The City could carry over
units from the 2007-2014 cycle of approximately 1,400 units. Entitled
housing projects totaled 440 units. Thus, the unmet need was 369 units.
On June 2, 2014, the Council recommended Staff utilize four tiers to identify
sites for 369 units. Staff identified existing units at Colorado Park, second
units, units at the Fry's site, and at sites on San Antonio Avenue. The
Council directed Staff to include a statement that the City would continue to
review housing sites for more transit-rich sites. Staff submitted to the
California Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD) a
draft Housing Element.       The draft Housing Element included two new
Housing Programs: Program 2.2.5 was the statement directed by Council
and Program 3.1.14 concerned sharing of housing. In reviewing the draft
Housing Element, HCD was concerned that the number of small sites
contained in the Housing Element would decrease opportunities for housing
development. As a result, Staff negotiated Program 2.1.9 which allowed
incentives for lot consolidation for 100 percent affordable housing
development.      In addition, HCD expressed concern about the use of
"assess," "consider," and "explore" within the Housing Programs. HCD
wanted additional commitment from the City; therefore, Staff included
language of "adopt as appropriate" in many Housing Programs. HCD also
expressed a desire for the City to implement some programs sooner rather
than later. While HCD reviewed the draft Housing Element, the Community
Panel and Regional Housing Mandate Committee (RHMC) proposed additional
programs such as a Pedestrian and Transit Oriented Development (PTOD)
overlay in the University Avenue/Downtown area; allowances for horizontal
mixed use for extremely small parcels; a local parking database; and specific
plans for Downtown, El Camino Real, and California Avenue.                 On
September 5, 2014, HCD issued a letter stating that the City's draft Housing
Element with proposed revisions complied statutorily with State Housing
Element Law.

11/10/2014                                                             116- 92
