                              MINUTES
Jason Ma supported more housing in Palo Alto.         Young professionals
preferred to live near their workplaces. Increased housing development
could occur in Downtown and the California Avenue area.

William Macrae believed the four scenarios were similar and precluded the
amount of development. He encouraged the Council to consider other plans
that added more development.

Tom DuBois indicated there was a disconnect between the community and
the PTC in that the PTC seemed to reject community input. The Council
should obtain additional community input. The City should select a scenario
and modify the current Comprehensive Plan to support the scenario.
Perhaps a scenario could focus on improving the quality of life for residents.
The Council should accept changes to remove completed and outdated
programs from the Comprehensive Plan and then begin community outreach
regarding controversial issues.

Andrew Ash advised that growth was inevitable. The question was how the
Council reacted to growth. The scenarios should include a scenario for high
growth with an increased height limit.

Mehdi Alhassani stated a total of 167 new housing units per year was not
sufficient and created detrimental effects. He concurred with new housing
and commercial developments in the areas of Downtown and California
Avenue. If planned and built correctly, additional housing in denser areas
could reduce traffic. Legacy housing policies, including the height limit, were
not sustainable for the long term.

Olya Krasnykh encouraged the Council to review scenarios that would create
more growth in Palo Alto. The Net Zero alternative should be discussed in
greater detail. Net zero could result in no development, because every
development could fail to meet the net zero goal. Scenario Number 3 most
closely aligned with her vision of Palo Alto by creating pockets of smart
growth.

John Guislin urged the Council to replace in Section T-41 of the
Transportation Element the use of medians to reduce traffic speed, which
was omitted from the updated version. Continuing to consider development
before infrastructure would result in additional traffic, pollution, and parking.
The Comprehensive Plan Update must have consequences for ignoring
provisions of the Comprehensive Plan.

Catherine Palter, Stanford University Director of Land Use and Environmental
Planning, advised that the Council should instruct Staff to provide specific
information for further discussion prior to beginning the EIR so that the EIR
would: 1) analyze appropriately defined alternatives that reflected a
                                                                          Page 18 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 08/04/14
