                      FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Crosley made some assumptions and reviewed a composite of six
different variables, including employment density, in developing the transit
likelihood. Research Park probably offered a lot of parking; therefore, the
employment density there was less than on California Avenue or in
Downtown. That did not mean the area had no transit demand. He could
provide additional analysis of the area if the Council wished.

Council Member Holman would appreciate more information about that. The
City did not have free parking for extended stays. She suggested Staff
coordinate more with Caltrain regarding use of transit during the holiday
season. Shuttles circulating among Downtown and shopping centers could
increase ridership. She requested Staff further elucidate Stanford Shopping
Center's interest in trolley service during lunch time.

Mr. Rodriguez contacted the Simon Group, property managers of Stanford
Shopping Center, when developing the concept of a trolley between
Downtown and Stanford Shopping Center. The Simon Group expressed an
interest in trolley service during the lunch hours. Staff would return to the
Council after further discussions with them.

Council Member Holman cautioned Staff about siphoning business from
Downtown during lunch time. She was interested in additional hours beyond
lunch for a trolley service. An app for shuttle service would be helpful as
would improve mapping and scheduling.

James Keene, City Manager, remarked that knowing routes and schedules
and planning trips was different from making a spontaneous trip.

Council Member Holman        was   interested   in   Staff   pursuing    financial
contributions from PAUSD.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff was aware of apps providing real-time
information for bus services in other cities. Perhaps those apps could be
utilized as templates for an app for the shuttle service. He asked if Staff
would consider integrating other transit into such an app.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that the RFP contained a requirement for GPS
tracking of all shuttles and for development of an app to track vehicles. MV
Transportation provided an app that was cumbersome and not user-friendly.
Staff expressed their concerns, and MV Transportation was redeveloping the
app.

Council Member Burt asked if MV Transportation could utilize an existing
app.

                                                                          Page 12 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes10/27/14
