                             MINUTES
Consent Calendar

Mayor Shepherd noted an at-places memo that indicated Agenda Item
Number 18 should state $87,356.00 rather than $79,000.00.

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. He did not believe a
prescreening for a development proposal was appropriate when another
application was pending for the same property. Also, it was inappropriate to
place the item on the Consent Calendar as the item should first be presented
to the Planning and Transportation Commission.

Council Member Schmid requested comment from the City Attorney
regarding Agenda Item Number 10.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that the item was presented on the
Consent Calendar to allow it to be scheduled for prescreening.       Staff
reviewed all relevant Code sections and believed the Council could act on
Agenda Item Number 10.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman, third by Council Member XXX to pull Agenda Item Number 13:
Review of a Proposed Conditional Use Permit (CUP) for a Verizon Wireless
Telecommunication Facility at the Palo Alto Little League Ball Field, Zoned R-
1 (8000), and an Appeal of the Director’s Architectural Review Approval of
the Facility, an 18-inch Diameter, 65-foot tall Monopole/Light Pole Replacing
a 12-inch Diameter, 60-foot Tall Light Pole, and Associated At-Grade
Equipment Enclosure at 3672 Middlefield Road and Approval of CEQA
Exemption, to be heard at a later date.

Mayor Shepherd noted that absent support from a third Council Member the
item would remain on the Consent Calendar.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A THIRD

Richard Brand spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 11. He saluted the
Council for its support of the Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Ordinance. He
had not heard any negative comments regarding the RPP Program.

James McLaughlin spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. He supported
Item Number 13 and urged the Council to approve it. The item would
improve cellular communications and support the baseball program.

Paul Albritton, counsel for Verizon Wireless, spoke regarding Agenda Item
Number 13. He encouraged the Council to retain the item on the Consent
Calendar. It would improve service coverage in southern Palo Alto. The


12/15/2014                                                             116- 236
