                      FINAL MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd indicated an alternative next step could be preparation of a
draft scope of work for an RFP for construction of a privately financed
garages on Lot A or D.

Mr. Rodriguez announced that a Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Program in
the Downtown area would be presented to the Council later in the calendar
year. During the summer, Staff began the process for a Transportation
Management Association (TMA) to determine methods to balance parking
demands. Tonight's discussion would pertain to the possibility of new
garages. Staff began a review of an expansion of parking supply through
satellite parking and expanded permits to employees in the South of Forest
Avenue (SOFA) District. In November, Staff would release an RFP for
parking guidance solutions and access controls for existing garages. The RFI
invited proposals for other methods to increase parking supply. Staff
reviewed responses from David Kleiman, Ark Studio West, and 300
Hamilton. Staff did not advance the proposal of 300 Hamilton, because it
did not provide sufficient information regarding the amount of parking to be
provided. The Kleiman team proposed a mixed use project with stacked
parking at Lot A. The proposal provided a net increase of 75 parking spaces.
Ark Studio West proposed a full garage with ground-floor retail and options
for additional ground-floor or roof uses. It provided a net increase of 168
spaces. Both proposals requested no City funding other than a lease for the
use of those sites. At the end of a negotiated lease term, the City would
retain full ownership of any structures built on the sites.

Robert Gamble, PFM Group, attempted to make reasonable assumptions
based on knowledge of financing of these types of facilities and based on
information provided in the RFIs. A public financing alternative would utilize
existing funds combined with funds borrowed through Certificates of
Participation (COP) and would utilize ground-floor retail.         He used
assumptions similar to those contained in the two proposals.           Retail
revenues would flow to the City to partially reimburse the cost of debt
issuance. A second alternative was a privately financed facility that utilized
retail revenues and paid parking. That would require instituting a daily
parking charge of approximately $17.50. Alternative three utilized a cross-
subsidy created by residential units associated with a garage similar to the
Kleiman proposal.     He assumed a sufficient cross-subsidy would be
generated to avoid the need for a parking charge. The second alternative
would require some rethinking of the larger parking issues across the City,
because an island of paid parking could not be located within a sea of free
parking.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, indicated
the Council could direct Staff to gather additional information about the
                                                                          Page 22 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
