neighborhood residents. Staff suggested 70 percent support be returned
from the survey and a 75 percent occupancy threshold. Assuming the
District achieved the thresholds needed in Step Number 2, Staff would hold
a community outreach meeting, and the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC) would review the proposal. A community outreach
meeting would be coordinated by City Staff and would include residents of
the impacted area, adjacent neighborhoods and the source of parking
intrusion. The purpose of the outreach meeting would be to outline a
timeline of implementation of the RPP District, present results of the
occupancy study, and discuss costs.          The P&TC would either make a
recommendation immediately for Council approval of a trial RPP District or
request additional information and discussion. A trial period could be
eliminated and Staff could implement an RPP District and monitor its
progress. Implementation questions would need to be addressed for each
District.   The answers to implementation questions could be different
depending on the particular District. The first question was the number of
residential and non-residential permits that would be issued in a particular
District.    The second question was the permit costs and level of
enforcement. The third question was the concurrent or prerequisite actions
needed per neighborhood, such as TDM strategies or parking supply
initiatives. Staff collected a great deal of data from residents, and proposed
that the data be incorporated into the RPP framework process for District
development. Community input indicated a desire for a simpler process,
such as a block-by-block opt-in and a 50 percent plus one majority vote in
support of a block becoming an RPP District, and for a solid implementation
timeline. Staff researched and reviewed RPP Programs in other cities and
could answer questions.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff would present TDM strategies to the Council on
February 24, 2014. Staff would recommend the Council take the first steps
toward establishing a TDM Authority; and include a discussion of
dramatically expanding the City's shuttle service, improving bike
infrastructure, and implementing car share and ride share programs. Staff
would present the Council with parking supply strategies and initiatives on
February 10, 2014. Initiatives and strategies would include a contract with a
parking attendant company for a trial program at one parking lot; first steps
towards construction of a garage; solicitation of interest in public-private
partnerships to expand parking supplies in Downtown and California Avenue;
a proposal for satellite parking for Downtown with free shuttle service to
Downtown; garage technology solutions; and planning and coordination with
other partners of an expanded Transit Center with parking supply. Staff
requested the Council direct Staff to prepare a draft Ordinance that provided
a process and criteria for establishing a Citywide framework for individual
RPP Districts. Staff would disseminate the draft Ordinance for public review
                                                                         Page 7 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/27/2014
