                              MINUTES
Gil Friend, Sustainability Manager, reported the City made impressive
progress, but faced daunting challenges in the years ahead. With boldness
and pragmatism, the City could provide a benefit to the community and
make an important contribution to the region. Recent plans and policies
spanned everything from procurement to integrated pest management to
the Climate Plan. Carbon neutral electricity was achieved which was rare
among cities around the country. Sustainability was important to improve
the quality of life, to build prosperity, and to enhance resiliency for current
and future generations. The City's plan for reducing carbon emissions was
ahead of schedule in that emissions were reduced by 29 percent from 2005
figures. Aggressive efficiency programs, resource conservation programs,
use of landfill gas, and decreases in transportation contributed to the
reduction of carbon emissions.         Energy efficiency improved with both
electricity and natural gas. There were great gains in residential resource
efficiency. Emissions from City operations decreased approximately 53
percent, which was well ahead of targets.          Natural gas use declined;
electricity use declined 0.5 percent; it was not clear if water use was
declining.     Efficiency improved; however, overall resource demands
remained high and would be a challenge in coming years. The challenges for
sustainability were in transportation and natural gas.          Staff projected
continued reductions in emissions, but those amounts were not sufficient to
meet the goal for 2050. Staff proposed setting clear and bold goals and
viewing sustainability as an innovation driver to improve the City's quality of
life and financial position. Staff suggested the use of integrative planning
and normative planning along with the City's Open Data and Open
Government processes to share and obtain information regarding best
practices and funding opportunities. The many pieces of sustainability could
be grouped into three domains: resources, infrastructure, and behavior.
Electric vehicles were certainly in the City's future, perhaps even a car-free
City that provided access and mobility without sacrifice.         Sustainability
principles and policies should be embedded in everything from procurement
systems to financial management systems. Staff believed many small pilot
programs could be implemented to change behavior. The process was to
focus first on renewing the Climate Action Plan, to broaden it into a
sustainability roadmap, to review the impact of spending, and then to
institute experimental sessions with multiple stakeholders to grapple with
questions about reducing transportation impacts. The provisional plan was
to develop a Request for Proposal (RFP) for a consultant for the Climate
Action Plan in the current quarter and to engage a consultant in the latter
half of the year. In the first half of the following year, Staff would develop
the draft Climate Action Plan and present it to the Council late in the second
quarter.



04/21/2014                                                              114- 473
