emissions. The methodology did not allow for consideration of the starting
points for trips to the gym.

Council Member Klein suggested the methodology should be revised. The
Golf Course Project was a risky investment for the City. If projections were
not obtained, the General Fund would have to pay the debt service. He
suggested the Golf Course have metrics to state clearly the consequences if
projections were not met.

Mr. De Geus remarked that there was risk in not taking any action. Staff
recently renegotiated contracts with the onsite golf professional and included
new incentive language to increase play and revenues.

Council Member Klein wanted a method for stating that the General Fund
could not subsidize the Golf Course after a certain number of years.

Mr. Keene added that Golf Course revenues could not bear the expense of
mitigation maintenance, and the General Fund would have to pay the
expense.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff's recommendation included the
changes proposed by the PARC.

Mr. De Geus answered no.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to accept Staff recommendation to: 1) approve a Record of Land
Use Action approving the Site and Design Review application for the Palo
Alto Municipal Golf Course Reconfiguration Project (Project), Capital
Improvement Program Project PG-13003, based upon the findings and
conditions in the Record of Land Use Action; 2) adopt a Resolution Certifying
the Final Environmental Impact Report and Adopting a Statement of
Overriding Considerations for the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course
Reconfiguration and Baylands Athletic Center Expansion Project (EIR
Project); 3) approve the attached Park Improvement Ordinance for
modifications to the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course; and 4) direct Staff to
return to Council in 2014 with financial metrics which indicates to the
various stakeholders what level of revenue is needed to be maintained in
order to have the golf course continue to operate.

Council Member Scharff requested clarification regarding metrics.

Council Member Klein wanted Staff to develop financial metrics for the Golf
Course. If Golf Course revenues did not reach specific levels over a period
of time, then the City would consider eliminating the subsidy to the Golf
Course.
                                                                        Page 25 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/03/14
