                            MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman requested direction on next steps related to the
Comprehensive Plan Update and zoning changes before and during the
Comprehensive Plan Update.

Council Member Holman would not be available on November 17 and hoped
Staff would want full Council attendance to address the item.

Mr. Keene reported attendance would be a matter for the Council to decide.

Mayor Shepherd was not aware that Council Member Holman would not be
present on November 17.

Council Member Holman made other plans prior to learning of the November
17 discussion.

Mayor Shepherd noted Council Agendas were full through the end of 2014.

Vice Mayor Kniss preferred to have all Council Members in attendance for the
November 17 discussion.

Mayor Shepherd also wanted full attendance; however, Agendas were full.
She would attempt to reschedule the item from November 17.

Mr. Keene would know within the week whether the item could be continued
from November 17.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to move Agenda Item 14 forward to hear it before Agenda Item
Numbers 12 and 13.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Review and Approval of a Letter from the City of Palo Alto to the
      Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on the Proposed Rule Change
      to Waters Protected Under the Clean Water Act.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers had published a rule change which
redefined the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. Staff
recommended the City send a comment letter in response to the rule
change. Comments were due November 14, 2014.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, reported the City was concerned
with the impacts resulting from implementation of the rule change. Wording
of the rule change would create less certainty. Staff did not recommend the
City oppose improvements made to the Clean Water Act.

11/03/2014                                                           116- 52
