            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Ms. Sullivan reported Staff budgeted approximately $500,000 for PGS.
Revenue and Access Control equipment was budgeted at $1.6 million.

Council Member Holman requested Staff provide the cost of each program
listed in the table on Page 8. Parking management technology generated
only 60 spaces for a large investment.

Ms. Sullivan indicated Staff was very conservative with those figures.
Technology was essentially a management strategy. It would provide the
City with control and management of inventory.         The real value of
technology was the effective and efficient management of existing inventory.

Council Member Holman expected more parking spaces to be generated for
that amount of money. She asked about the source of funds for technology
strategies.

Ms. Sullivan reported the University Avenue Parking Permit Fund would pay
for PGS.

Council Member Holman inquired about the balance of that fund.

Ms. Sullivan did not know.

Ms. Gitelman could return with a detailed cost breakdown of all programs.

Council Member Holman was concerned that the City was expending too
much money for one program.

Mr. Keene remarked that the City was distributing funds across many
programs. Cost estimates were not final. With a tighter pricing and
management system, parking garages could reach 85 percent capacity more
often. A cost of $2 million for GPS and Revenue and Access Control would
generate 60 parking spaces at a cost of $33,000 per space. That was less
than the cost to build one parking space in a garage.

Council Member Holman inquired about the source of the $1.6 million.

Ms. Gitelman would return to the Council with more detail.

Council Member Holman asked if the City could sell two- and three-day
permits in addition to weekly and monthly permits.

Ms. Gitelman noted the consultant recommended a review of different types
of permit. At the current time, the City offered only monthly permits. Staff
would pursue additional types of permits.

                                                                        Page 17 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
