                     DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Eggleston reported Staff was developing design criteria in addition to
Guiding Principles. He appreciated the suggestion for Staff to focus on the
safety of birds and predators that could impact the Baylands. That could be
included in design criteria.

Council Member Klein requested Staff comment on the suggestion to include
a wildlife biologist in design teams.

Ms. O’Driscoll noted some architects were experts on bird safety and
structures. The Council could include such an architect or a biologist.

Council Member Price left the meeting at 9:38 P.M.
Council Member Holman questioned the meaning of "semi-green light"
approval.

Ms. Ames indicated Staff attended a field meeting with regulatory agencies
who reviewed the site and options and focused on flood control along the
Baylands. Regulatory agencies did not find any fatal flaws in the location
with respect to harvest mouse habitat. Staff received a verbal comment
that the alignment for the design competition was acceptable.

Council Member Holman preferred criteria recommended by the Audubon
Society and Sierra Club be included in design criteria rather than in
implementation aspects. She inquired whether there was any reason not to
incorporate those recommendations.

Mr. Eggleston could incorporate them in both places. Staff had identified an
appropriate location in the Guiding Principles for those recommendations.

Council Member Holman noted Minutes from PARC and ARB meetings were
not provided to the Council. She contacted one PARC Commissioner and
learned that PARC preferred preservation over interconnectedness. She
questioned the meaning of "garner respect" and suggested "recognize and
respect the Baylands" as substitute language. She requested Staff provide
additional comments from PARC's discussion.

Ms. Ames reported initially Staff utilized sustainability; however, PARC felt
sustainability was overused. PARC did not determine a word to use. Staff
needed to finalize principles and appreciated any Council feedback.

Council Member Holman believed one criterion should be no negative impact
on nature. She was troubled by the term "contemporary" when other words
were creativity, originality, functionality, and technology. Use of
"contemporary" seemed to dictate style. She asked why Staff chose to
utilize "contemporary design."
                                                                        Page 18 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
