                             MINUTES
On December 1, 2014, the Council rejected the proposed operator for the
grocery space. The Applicant assigned the lease to Miki Werness and his
investor team. Mr. Werness was an experienced grocery store operator who
could provide a grocery store comparable to or better than JJ&F Market. The
Applicant reviewed Mr. Werness' personal financial statements as well as pro
forma information for the store and determined that he was a great choice.
Mr. Werness' business plan focused on products and services to be provided
to the community. Ultimately College Terrace Centre LLC's responsibility
was to maintain a grocery tenant on the property in accordance with the PC
Ordinance. The Applicant believed it was presenting a grocery tenant that
exceeded the requirements of the PC Ordinance. Further delays could result
in significant financial burdens for the Applicant.

Miki Werness remarked that the landlord supported the tenant with
reasonable rent.    Other advantages included a smaller store footprint,
frontage on El Camino Real, and outdoor space for seating. The grocery
store would provide conventional products, organic products, a deli, meats,
fish, a bakery, and a variety of produce. Management staff had experience
in independent markets.

Nancy Peters wished to ensure a public gathering space continued should
the grocery store fail. She questioned whether the Covenant could include
language that the lease would revert to the City at no cost if the space
remained vacant after a specified period of time.

William Ross suggested Staff perform due diligence with respect to the
current proposed tenant. The provision that the filing of a lawsuit rendered
the Covenant unenforceable defeated the purpose of the Covenant. The
appropriate measure of security for the deal was a performance bond or a
letter of credit in the amount of rent realized on an annual basis without
discount.

Robert Smith expressed concern regarding changes taking place in the
business. He understood the PC would exist in perpetuity, but that should
be clarified.

Robert Moss urged the Council not to approve the proposed tenant because
of the lack of information. Approving a large office structure in exchange for
a business was a lousy idea. A $2,000 per month penalty was trivial.

Stephanie Munoz agreed it was a poor idea to have a grocery store as a
public benefit. She recommended the Council scrutinize the language of the
Covenant.



12/15/2014                                                             116- 264
