                     FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Burt indicated "things" did not move on the internet. They
were signals and information to a point.

Ms. Stump advised the language was crafted by specialists in tax law who
were familiar with the applicable Federal regulatory schemes. The language
was intended to be broad enough to capture current technologies and to be
flexible into the future. The old language had some archaic features which
needed to be eliminated. The modernization language was intended to
update the language of the Ordinance.

Council Member Burt was concerned that the proposed language could soon
be archaic.

James Keene, City Manager, stated parking and location technologies and
Smart Roads would operate over Bluetooth or wireless networks.

Ms. Stump inquired whether Council Member Burt was asking if cars would
be taxed.

Council Member Burt was confident the intent was not to tax cars.             The
language should be consistent with and reflect the intention.

Ms. Stump reported the City administrative agency was charged with
enforcing the Ordinance, collecting the tax, and working with
telecommunications companies to apply the Ordinance lawfully and
consistently with the Ordinance's purposes.   The City could issue
administrative regulations if needed.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Council would have time to
consider the issues prior to a second reading of the Ordinance.

Ms. Stump indicated the Ordinance did not require a second reading. Staff
could return to the Council with responses to specific questions and
concerns. Perhaps Staff needed to better understand the issue.

Mr. Keene suggested Staff confer with the Chief Information Officer
regarding future technologies and whether the Ordinance was applicable to
future technologies.

Council Member Burt would accept the City Manager and City Attorney's
determination that his concerns were not well founded without the item
returning to the Council.    He questioned whether the item should be
continued in case his concerns were well founded.



                                                                        Page 27 of 29
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
