travel east-west. The City needed an alternative parking solution when an
RPP Program was instituted. Embarcadero Road was an appropriate place
for satellite parking. He questioned the need to solicit proposals, and asked
if design and environmental review could be performed by City Staff. The
primary area of parking would be along Embarcadero Road. The number of
parking spaces at the Baylands Athletic Center was trivial compared to the
number of spaces along Embarcadero Road.

Mr. Rodriguez wanted an outside perspective regarding environmental
assessment impacts, specifically around the issue of traffic.

Council Member Klein indicated that was an analysis of environmental
impact, not solicitation of a proposal. Soliciting proposals implied Staff was
looking for someone outside the organization.

Mr. Rodriguez agreed that Staff wanted an outside party to perform the
design and complete the environmental assessment.

Council Member     Klein felt the   environmental assessment should              be
straightforward.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the design was relatively complete.                     An
environmental assessment was needed to validate the design.

Ms. Gitelman reported Council Members indicated a desire to consider
alternative sites. With Staff's current workload, additional resources for
some items were needed to complete work within the timeframes specified
by the Council. Staff felt outside review would be efficient.

Council Member Klein did not want implementation of an RPP Program
delayed due to contracts for satellite parking.

Council Member Scharff wanted alternative parking available when an RPP
Program was instituted.

Council Member Klein suggested the number of parking spaces not be
limited to 200.

Council Member Scharff agreed to revise the language of the Motion to
"environmental review of spaces." More than 200 parking spaces could be
identified, and the Golf Course parking lot could be utilized as an interim
measure.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff could proceed with the language as revised.
                                                                        Page 29 of 37
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 2/10/14
