of the existing PSB, because the revenue was too far in the future. Other
cities had a TOT tax rate in excess of 15 percent. He favored a TOT tax rate
of 14 percent, because it would accomplish all projects.

Council Member Price felt strongly the TOT tax increase should be 3 percent.
This was an opportunity for the Council to accomplish infrastructure projects.
She anticipated other cities would increase their TOT tax rates if Palo Alto
did so. The reputation of Palo Alto would not be affected by an increase in
the TOT tax rate. The improvements would have a positive effect on Palo
Alto's reputation.

Mayor Shepherd wanted to accomplish all infrastructure projects. If the
increase was only 2 percent, the Council ran the risk of not accomplishing all
projects. A TOT tax increase would not affect the number of people staying
in Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman requested clarification of, "the Infrastructure Project
Funding Plan."

Council Member Klein called point of order.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Motion was contained within the Amendment.

Council Member Klein explained the Amendment changed 3 percent to 2
percent only. Council Member Holman could speak to the Motion after a
vote on the Amendment.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd, no

Council Member Holman stated that "Infrastructure Project Funding Plan"
was vague. She suggested "Infrastructure Project Funding Proposal as
included in the March 3, 2014 Staff Report" to clearly identify the document
under discussion.

Mr. Keene agreed the language change provided clarity; however, the
document was $10 million short in funding.

Council Member Holman reiterated that the Motion was vague with respect
to the document being discussed even though it would need to be amended
in the future.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the following language in the main
Motion, “Infrastructure Project Funding Plan” to “Infrastructure Project
Funding Proposal as included in the March 3, 2014 Staff Report.”

                                                                        Page 30 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/03/14
