                     FINAL MINUTES
     f. Determine the required CEQA documentation for the Components of
        the OFP.
  6. Update the existing timeline and schedule in December 2014 for all
     Components of the OFP including next steps for the development of
     Component Four, Processing of Yard Trimmings, where Staff will seek
     to identify and pursue technologies to harness the energy and
     resource potential of yard trimmings that could be located on the
     relatively flat 3.8-acre portion of the Measure E site or elsewhere.

Council Member Holman appreciated Staff's financially conservative
approach in the original recommendation.   She concurred with public
comment regarding home composting.       Composting issues could be
addressed as new technologies emerged and as Staff identified home
composting solutions.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Staff recommendation was logical.
Environmental impacts and costs seemed to be both direct and
straightforward.  Staff should define the characteristics of the aerobic
digester such as an enclosure, technologies to mitigate dust and odor, and
impacts on the surrounding area. He inquired whether Staff intended to
release two separate RFPs.

Mr. Bobel responded initially no.         The words in the alternative
recommendation implied one RFP. There were good reasons to issue a
separate RFP for Component 4. Staff would talk with PAGE and opponents
and decide whether to release one or several RFPs.

Council Member Schmid believed the critical issue was finances. The Council
and residents should have a good sense of the costs of composting and the
value received from it.

Council Member Burt explained that the proposal in the Substitute Motion
appeared to require significantly more time than the Motion.           The
design/bid/build proposal in the Substitute Motion contained the risk of
significant add-on costs. A design/build proposal would drastically reduce
those risks. Composting was not considered waste.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested Staff comment regarding the appropriateness of
placing a composting facility on the 3.8-acre site.

Mr. Bobel reported the Task Force considered alternative locations, but did
not identify any viable locations. The Task Force recommended use of the
area around the RWQCP.

                                                                         Page 13 of 26
                                                          Special City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 5/12/13
