                             MINUTES
Council Member Price asked if the letter recommended an age or size of
replacement trees.

Mr. Hackmann advised that the long-term success of the trees placed some
limitation on the size at which they could be replaced.

Council Member Scharff believed ridership estimates were low, which would
create greater impacts. In addition, proposed TDM programs in adjacent
cities could also affect ridership. He inquired whether the letter should
address ridership estimates.

Mr. Hackmann reported in the context of the EIR, Caltrain would move from
five to six trains per hour. Increased population along the corridor and
increased use of the service were key reasons to support the project.

Council Member Scharff noted Palo Alto's and other cities' efforts to
implement TDM Programs. Those programs would result in Caltrain capacity
issues. Caltrain needed to plan for that now. Increased ridership due to
TDM Programs were not mentioned in the EIR. He asked if the letter should
raise ridership issues.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Director of Planning and Community Environment,
suggested Staff include language to request further analysis given TDM
measures proposed along the Peninsula and to request Caltrain consider the
extent that future HSR requirements would constrain future capacity.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether other issues should be added to
the letter.

Mr. Aknin reported Staff attempted to be comprehensive and included
Council Member Burt's comments. Staff could add language regarding a
critical analysis of ridership estimates based on current policies of cities
throughout the Peninsula.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff agreed with Council Member Price's
request to change "could."

Mr. Aknin agreed to change "should" to "shall."

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve the Draft Environmental Impact Report comment letter with
the following changes: 1) taking a look at ridership estimates up and down
the peninsula, 2) clear and demonstrative language (should to shall), and 3)
the future impacts of High Speed Rail.

04/21/2014                                                          114- 502
