                            MINUTES
If the Council felt discussion of Agenda Item Number 21 would require only
15-20 minutes, then Staff for Agenda Item Number 22 could remain.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the City Manager was recommending the Council
postpone Agenda Item Number 22.

Mr. Keene answered no. He was requesting permission for Staff to leave the
meeting.

Council Member Burt suggested postponing Agenda Item Number 22 to
January 2015. In that time, Staff could perform outreach to California
Avenue businesses.

Council Member Scharff wanted to discuss Item Number 22.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to move Agenda Item Number 22: Approval of the Proposed
Grocery Store Tenant (College Terrace Market) Within PC 5069 (College
Terrace Centre) Based on the Finding that the Proposed Grocery Tenant
Would Likely be Comparable in Quality of Products and Services as JJ&F as it
Existed and Operated on December 7, 2009 at 2180 El Camino Real, to
January 2015.

Council Member Holman felt outreach to California Avenue businesses was
appropriate.

Council Member Berman requested Staff comment on outreach to the
California Avenue Business District.

Mr. Keene believed Staff did perform outreach; however, few if any
businesses responded to that outreach. The Council wanted to feel satisfied
that it had heard from California Avenue businesses. Changes to parking
were not relevant to the item.

Council Member Berman clarified that Staff did attempt outreach to the
California Avenue Business District.

Council Member Scharff reported the owner of the Cuban restaurant wished
to provide a smoking area for his employees and requested a provision be
included in the Ordinance. He believed California Avenue businesses were
provided with outreach.

Mr. Keene advised that an at-places memo corrected the Ordinance to
extend beyond shopping centers to include shopping districts. Outreach to
business owners located on El Camino Real or other areas that could be
affected by the Ordinance had not been performed.

12/15/2014                                                           116- 262
