                            MINUTES

Mr. Friend reported estimates ranged from 25 to 50 percent depending on
the source.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff and the Council should consider
methods to improve the built environment to achieve energy savings.

Mr. Friend added that the impact of the built environment on transportation
and the need to move were linked.

Council Member Klein stated the community had to accept that there would
be significant impacts.     Staff should consider how people adapted to
changes, particularly sea level rise.

Mr. Friend commented that adaptation was not just a matter of the Bay.
Sea level rise affected water supplies and power supplies. The City was
exposed in a variety of ways to changes, and Staff needed to plan for those.
Staff would not wait for the Climate Action Plan to begin experimenting and
presenting logical programs. His concerns were making measurable gains
and measurable learning quickly. The key to sustainability work would be
engaging the community.

Council Member Holman believed the City should measure the diversion of
building materials from recycling. Even though salvage was a part of the
Construction and Demolition (C&D) Ordinance, it was not promoted or
required. The community was using energy to recycle materials that could
be reused, causing the manufacture of more materials and the
transportation impact of new materials. The Council should revise the C&D
Ordinance to consider the impact on the environment. There was a large
market for salvaged materials. With respect to transportation and traffic,
the community looked to the Council to reduce the impact of new
development and to manage transportation. The Council should consider a
greater reduction of single-vehicle occupancy and zoning for parking,
transportation and traffic.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the selection of housing sites was
one of the most important decisions the Council would make over the next
five years and would have a tremendous impact on transportation. He
inquired whether Mr. Friend could provide guidance regarding the effect on
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions of moving 250 new housing units from
south El Camino Real to Downtown or California Avenue.




04/21/2014                                                          114- 475
