                     DRAFT MINUTES
Ms. O'Driscoll noted the Technical Advisory Panel would evaluate proposals
for bird safety. Staff and AIACC could work with the local Sierra Club
regarding bird safety.

Council Member Klein asked Staff to explain the expected dollar amount
change.

Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public works, noted the new amount
would be $162,790.

Council Member Klein favored the design competition and working with
AIACC.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to delete language that PARC and P&TC have a role in Site and
Design process Review.

Council Member Klein remarked that the PARC and P&TC had a role in the
process, and that language was not needed in the Motion.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff could identify a role for the PARC and
P&TC she would accept the Amendment.

Mr. Eggleston had discussed PARC and P&TC members attending the public
meetings of the ARB and the jury and provide comment as members of the
public.

Council Member Holman disagreed that position was adequate as a role for
the two Commissions and therefore did not accept the Amendment.

Council Member Scharff concurred with Council Member Klein.           The
community wanted an innovative design; more people involved in the
process would decrease innovative designs. Adding a role for the P&TC and
PARC would weaken the process.

Council Member Burt interpreted Staff's comment as they did not intend for
the PARC and P&TC to have a formal role. He wondered what role Council
Member Klein thought the P&TC and PARC would have. He did want the
PARC and P&TC to follow their normal review process.

Council Member Scharff disagreed with Council Member Burt's interpretation
of Staff's comments.

Mr. Keene commented that the Motion language needed clarifying.


                                                                       Page 21 of 40
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
