                             MINUTES
      Lease No. PRC ___) between the State Lands Commission and the City
      for the lease of the real property underlying Palo Alto Airport.

   2. Ordinance, amending Palo Alto Municipal Code sections 12.20.020,
      12.04.030, and 12.040, to include “general aviation airport” in the
      definition of “public works” and “public utilities,” and section
      12.20.010, to permit the adoption of Palo Alto Airport fees and charges
      by resolution.

   3. Resolution, approving the FY 2015 Palo Alto Airport fees and charges
      that will apply to tenants, licensees, permit holders and other users of
      premises at the Palo Alto Airport after August 11, 2014.

   4. Resolution, regarding the City’s adoption of both the County’s Airport
      Rules and Regulations and the General Aviation Aircraft License
      Agreement that will be applicable to tenants, licensees, permit holders
      and other users of the Palo Alto Airport after August 11, 2014 during
      FY 2015 until the City develops its own Palo Alto Airport Rules and
      Regulations and Master License Agreement.

Council Member Price commended Staff for their negotiations with local,
State, and Federal agencies.

Vice Mayor Kniss had previously shared her concerns regarding the Airport.
Operating an airport was difficult.

Council Member Burt inquired about the source of funds for tower
replacement and runway repaving projects and a method to repay those
funds.

Mr. Sartor advised that runway repairs would be paid through a combination
of funds from an FAA grant and County matching funds. Trailer replacement
was included in the Capital Budget and pro forma projections.

Council Member Scharff asked if a survey would resolve the title issue, if the
City had chosen a surveyor, and if the issue would negatively impact the
City's other property interests.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, was sure the SLC did not want to operate a local
airport.

Mr. Kirsch remarked that the title issue was not simple. The survey was the
first piece to resolving the issue. When California became a state, the State
had trust properties consisting of tidal lands. Tidal land when California
                                                                        Page 34 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/11/14
