                              MINUTES
Council Member Burt anticipated Staff would think more about this. The
Council and community could determine if there was greater clarity on how
to proceed.

Council Member Holman suggested Number 2 of the Substitute Motion limit
the Comprehensive Plan Update to the two study areas and any zoning
changes. She interpreted Number 4 in terms of what the Council could
change in commercial zoning. She inquired about the Council's options for
changing commercial zoning.

Ms. Stump could provide better advice and counsel regarding procedures
required to pursue changes if the Council could articulate specific ideas.
Providing an entire survey of all possible options and applicable procedures
was not feasible. If the Council sought a substantive conversation about
timelines and procedures required for various options, then the Council
should articulate ideas as early as possible.

Council Member Holman requested clarification of Staff actions in response
to Number 4.

Ms. Gitelman would place a Study Session on the Agenda with little Staff
preparation. It would be a brainstorming session for the Council. After that
session, Staff would return with information.

Mr. Keene remarked that changes the Council might make could have many
obstacles. Staff did not wish to conjecture in public about things that might
have many implications without the Council clearly directing Staff regarding
specific information.

Council Member Holman recalled a Colleagues' Memorandum regarding
ground-floor retail protections in Downtown. During the California Avenue
conversations, there was some indication that Staff was considering greater
ground floor protections in that area. She asked if Staff would consider that
as part of the present work plan and return with that information.

Ms. Gitelman advised that ground floor retail protections were in place for
California Avenue and Downtown. Broadening those protections was not
currently in Staff's work plan. Staff did not include a review of formula retail
restrictions in their work plan.

Mr. Keene felt ground-floor retail protections would fall under Option 4.

Council Member Scharff clarified that protections were supposed to be part
of the Downtown CAP Study, and Staff was to return with broader Downtown
retail protections.
                                                                          Page 23 of 25
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes 08/06/14
