                             MINUTES
Compensation Plan for Management and Professional Adopted by Resolution
No. 9357 to Add One New Position and Change the Title of Two Positions;
Amending the 2013-2015 Memorandum of Agreement Service Employees
International Union (SEIU), Adopted by Resolution No. 9398 to Add One New
Position and Correct the Salary of One Position; and Amending the Terms for
the Utility Management Professional Association, Adopted by Resolution No.
9359 to Correct the Salary for One Position and Add Two New Position.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to add an additional $68,380 to HSRAP, PACCC or Avenidas,
funding for FY 2015, allocation to be recommended by the Human Relations
Commission and for Council approval, and an additional $50,000 one-time
contribution to establish a Human Services Reserve, with additional
contributions to be determined annually. The previously approved increase
of $31,620 will go to a 2.6 percent increase in funding to be pro-rata
distributed to the HSRAP agencies, along with PACCC and Avenidas.

Mr. Keene understood Council Member Berman moved the Finance
Committee's recommendation and amended it regarding HSRAP funding.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director/Chief Financial Officer, inquired
whether Council Member Berman's proposed funding for HSRAP should be
considered one-time or ongoing funding.

Council Member Berman responded the additional funding would occur in FY
2015 only.

Mr. Perez advised that Staff could treat the $68,380 increase and the
$50,000 reserve amount as one-time funding as the Council directed.

Council Member Berman stated the $68,380 amount would be ongoing but
could be decreased in future years. The $50,000 reserve amount would be
one-time funding with an annual evaluation to determine if additional funds
should be placed in the reserve.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Council Members could offer a series
of Motions to amend the Proposed Budget while deferring approval of the
overall Proposed Budget to the second Budget hearing.

Mayor Shepherd replied no. Council Member Berman's proposed HSRAP
funding was included in the Motion to approve the Proposed Budget.

Council Member Klein suggested the Council vote on each Amendment
separately.
                                                                        Page 20 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
