            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Mr. Keene suggested Staff provide some images of signage.

Council Member Holman asked if a delay in action on the item would delay
implementation of the RPP Program.

Ms. Sullivan answered no.

Council Member Schmid referred to Page 3 regarding a 68 percent
occupancy rate and Page 8 regarding an 85 percent occupancy rate. He
asked which figure was accurate.

Ms. Sullivan attempted to demonstrate in the Staff Report that over the
summer months occupancy of garages increased.        In the table Staff
assumed that occupancy of garages in September would reach 80 percent or
higher.

Council Member Schmid noted the occupancy rate averaged 68 percent
during March, April, May, June, and July.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the same paragraph on Packet Page 376 explained
that occupancy rates increased over the summer months; whereas,
occupancy rates typically decreased during the summer. All those numbers
were estimates. Staff felt it was appropriate to use 80 percent to reflect
possible occupancy rates in the fall.

Council Member Schmid reiterated that the occupancy rate averaged 68
percent through July.

Ms. Gitelman presented the average occupancy rate and then the potential
trend line of up to 81 percent occupancy in July.

Council Member Schmid asked if occupancy rates increased due to the
increase in permit sales or some other reason.

Ms. Sullivan reported Staff raised caps for permit sales at each garage in
March 2014. More people were buying permits in summer than in previous
years, and Staff wanted to highlight that trend.

Council Member Schmid remarked that it was difficult to project occupancy
rates based on a few weeks of new data.

Mr. Keene advised that if the numbers were lower than estimated and
occupancy could reach 85 percent, then obviously Staff could add more
spaces. Estimates were conservative. The change would not be sufficiently
significant to warrant modifications of any decisions.

                                                                       Page 19 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
