                             MINUTES
Mr. Sartor replied no.      Major reconstruction of the levee occurred
approximately five years ago. Recent repairs were routine maintenance.

Council Member Klein recalled a reference in the documents to resolving the
ownership of the land with the SLC. He asked if litigation would be initiated
in the next 12-18 months to resolve ownership.

Grant Kolling, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported the City and the SLC
would hire a land surveyor to survey the Airport property. The results of the
survey would determine who owned the Airport. The City and the SLC would
decide whether a lease from the SLC was necessary. Staff expected that to
be done in less than 18 months.

Council Member Klein inquired about the cost.

Mr. Kolling did not have a cost estimate for the survey.

Mr. Swanson advised that the City had performed a survey for the Airport
Layout Plan. Staff was sharing survey records with the SLC.

Council Member Klein inquired about reasons for taking these actions.

Mr. Kolling reported a grant assurance required the City to hold fee title to
the Airport. Fee title was in doubt because of the SLC's claim to certain
parts of the Airport that historically belonged to the State.

Council Member Klein offered a hypothetical scenario of a portion of the
Airport being owned by the State rather than the City. He asked if the City
would have to pay the SLC for that portion of land owned by the State.

Mr. Kolling reported the City was unaware of the ownership issue until
negotiations commenced. The SLC recognized that the County and the State
were not aware of the legal issues underlying the SLC claim to title to any
portion of the property. In other transactions, the State and City agreed to
disagree as to who owned the property. The FAA wanted the issue resolved
prior to issuing funds.

Council Member Klein remarked that the same issued applied to the
Baylands.

Peter Kirsch, Kaplan, Kirsch and Rockwell, LLP, explained that the dispute
was actually an ambiguity having to do with title extending back to when
California became a state. The City and the SLC had recognized the
ambiguity for over 40 years. The City believed it had title, and the SLC was
                                                                       Page 32 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
