                             MINUTES
Option Number 1 was considerably less expensive than Option Number 2 for
the City and ratepayers. Option Number 1 was the most cost-effective and
environmentally sound option.

Scott Scholz, GreenWaste of Palo Alto, worked with Staff to determine new
approaches for transportation vehicles and options for transporting materials
to the ZWED facility. Option Number 1 was the logical choice. GreenWaste
was willing to negotiate a long-term, 15-year contract for processing of
material at the ZWED facility; provide free compost to residents; and
continue education efforts.

Greg Ryan, GreenWaste of Palo Alto/Zero Waste Energy Development,
supported Option Number 1. GreenWaste's technical proposal for a local
facility scored highest of the three proposals.     Prices contained in
GreenWaste's proposal were estimates based on incomplete information.

Stephanie Munoz requested the Council consider the cost of Option Number
2, enclosing a local facility within a building, and current facilities for
composting yard trimmings.

David Bubenic suggested the Council plan for the future. Over time, waste
treatment sites would move further away from Palo Alto. The most efficient
and least carbon option for transportation was rail, and the City should
consider building a loading station for transportation by rail.

Shani Kleinhaus advised that the building would be located in a critically
important wildlife corridor. Mitigation measures would likely be located
outside Palo Alto. She requested the Council support Option Number 1.

Craig Lewis encouraged the Council to consider economic and environmental
factors in making its decision. He supported Option Number 1.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
reject all proposals received in response to the “Compost Facility for Yard
Trimmings and Residential Food Scraps” RFP and continue composting
outside of Palo Alto, and:

   1. Table decision on how the Measure E site should be used until:

         a. The City has a better understanding of our needs for the
            anaerobic digester, including processing of digestate and
            preprocessing of food waste; or

         b. An advanced technology for processing organic waste is
            available; or


12/08/2014                                                             116- 220
