                             MINUTES

Council Member Holman agreed with Vice Mayor Kniss regarding timing. The
Council would review the policies, programs, and goals and then provide
high-level comments in the current discussion.

Council Member Schmid understood this would be an opportunity for the
Council to make statements about the Comprehensive Plan prior to it being
made public. An 8-minute time period would allow each Council Member
sufficient time to give a full opinion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the first round of Council comments would be
8 minutes in length.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the visioning phase of the planning process set
aside detail in order to look at big picture issues. Big picture issues would
be discussed in the public dialog and would necessitate changes to policies
and programs contained in the document provided. Draft policies and
programs would be circulated for detailed public and Council review
beginning at the end of 2014. The draft phase of the planning effort
extended from December 2014 through July 2015 in the proposed timeline.
The next iteration of the draft, as informed by public dialog, would have
seven months of review. There would be ample opportunity for detailed
review when the next iteration was produced with a draft EIR at the end of
the year.

Mayor Shepherd indicated Staff would accept all Council comments and
inquired whether the Motion coincided with Staff's intentions.

Ms. Gitelman welcomed Council comments on the P&TC's work. Staff
suggested the Council focus on three main questions to aid Staff in focusing
public dialog.

Council Member Schmid emphasized the importance of discussing the big
picture and believed 8 minutes would be sufficient time for Council
comments.

Council Member Holman agreed that 5 minutes was not sufficient time for
comment, and a second round would be needed for summary comments.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Council would have sufficient time for a second
round of comment if discussion of the Motion proceeded quickly.



05/05/2014                                                           114- 559
