                     FINAL MINUTES
Avenue tunnels, utilized light and sound. This was an opportunity to
enhance the energy of the tunnel. Additional funding for implementation of
the project was needed. Plans were to open the project in January 2015.

Council Member Price hoped Stanford University could accelerate the
schedule for opening the Anderson collection building.

Mr. Tiews reported the building would open in September 2014.

Council Member Burt asked if the time for the Passage could be extended
beyond six months should it be a favorite of the community.

Elise DeMarzo, Community Services Management Specialist, indicated the
Public Art Commission defined temporary art as extending up to one year.
The project could remain on display beyond six months; however, it would
need to be monitored closely for mechanical failure.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested more information about the sound portion of
Project Passage.

Mr. Tiews advised that the light element would be two light washes, one for
each direction. They would be washes of color varying in intensity and
directionality depending on movement in the tunnel. The sound element
would interact with sounds being collected from the tunnel. Individuals
would be able to interact with sounds in the tunnel through some type of
digital media.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood music was comforting to individuals.           Adding
noise or music to the tunnel could make it more comfortable.

Mr. Tiews commented that one goal of the project was to humanize the
tunnel, to give a sense of life to the tunnel.

Council Member Klein favored the Windhover Contemplative Center at
Stanford University.

Mr. Tiews explained the center, designed for quiet contemplation, would hold
a suite of paintings called Windhover.

Council Member Klein believed the center would be a splendid success.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Stanford University would be a
financial partner with the Public Arts Commission for the Passage Project.

Mr. Tiews responded yes, for the development phase.

                                                                           Page 2 of 26
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 5/12/13
