                             MINUTES
AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to bring Agenda Item Number 11 forward to be heard before Agenda
Item Numbers 9 and 10.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager, announced the Palo Alto Office of
Emergency Services and Stanford University Department of Public Safety
were offering a public education session on September 23, 2014. On
September 27, 2014, the City would host the Come Together event at the
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jessica Roth was circulating a petition for the City to zone California Avenue
for local businesses rather than chain stores. Other cities had zoned streets
to limit the number of chain stores.

Council Member Holman requested Ms. Roth provide the City Clerk with a
link to the online petition, and the City Clerk to provide the link to the
Council.

Jessica Roth requested assistance with language for the petition.

Victor Ojakian had not heard any substantive or compelling arguments to
reduce the size of the City Council. The number of Council Members in
relation to population was average in comparison to other cities in the area.
The City of Palo Alto offered services not offered by other cities.

Mark Weiss announced Earthwise Productions was hosting a free concert at
Lytton Plaza on September 20, 2014. He encouraged the public to bike to
the concert as one of the musical acts was biking to each performance
location.

Stephanie Muñoz felt the City's zoning a parcel of land R-15 was dishonest.
The City should not discard "starter" populations.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the Minutes of August 11, 2014.

                                                                         Page 7 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
