                             MINUTES
There were funds remaining in the earmarked dollars and Measure B funds
accompanied in the widening of the eastern end and continuous widening
through to Lawrence Expressway and auxiliary lanes. He acknowledged
there was an issue at Mary Avenue in Sunnyvale.

Ms. Cameron stated Rengstorff and the Moffett exist were increasing in
traffic demand but also not having the railroad tracks grade separated
created congestion. Because of the lack of grade the signals cannot be
coordinated as would be preferred. The work Palo Alto was doing with
Google with respect to the bicycle routes and connections would be watched
carefully as another means of transportation.

Council Member Holman echoed the westbound Page Mill Road issues, caring
capacity of the roadways was important because it assisted the Staff in
planning and zoning. She asked for the assumptions used to determine the
roadway conditions in 2025 and 2040.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the VTA maintained a transportation land use model
which broke down every city in the County of Santa Clara to a Traffic
Analysis Zone or a (TAZ). Each city maintained the TAZ assumptions for the
VTA.

Council Member Holman asked what assumptions Palo Alto Staff was
making. What was the occupancy per thousand feet.

Mr. Rodriguez said the first step was to see what the region was expecting of
Palo Alto such as the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) as far as
development of housing and assumptions of job creation and growth. Staff
reviewed the historic growth in Palo Alto and work at a linear slow growth.

Council Member Holman noted it would be helpful to have a visual of the
process in a table format for quantification purposes. She asked if the
widening of Page Mill Road or the bicycle paths had any impact on the
landscaping.

Mr. Rodriguez was uncertain whether Page Mill Road could be widened which
was the purpose of the Concept Plan. The report attempted to disclose
sections of Page Mill Road where widening could be possible. The section
from Deer Creek Road to Highway 280 had a bike path that was rarely used
so the plan was to create a multi-use path similar to the Stanford University
trail between Deer Creek Road and Coyote Hill.




06/16/2014                                                            115- 154
