Council Member Burt stated the Council should have that information when
reviewing the program.

Council Member Scharff wished to hear Mr. Rodriguez's response as to why
Staff proposed the west shuttle route.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the purpose of the west shuttle route was to provide
a link between south Palo Alto and north Palo Alto within SUMC and Stanford
Shopping Center.     VTA bus service did not offer that benefit for the
community. Palo Alto shuttles would provide a different service even though
it would share a small portion of the route with VTA.

Council Member Burt commented that the bulk of the route was shared. The
Council needed to consider whom it wished to serve and provide
transparency on those objectives. He would not support Staff's suggestion
that the City's payment to PAUSD for not developing Cubberley be
reallocated to shuttle service.

Mayor Shepherd understood the City Manager eliminated that proposal.

Council Member Burt inquired whether PAUSD contributed $50,000 per year
toward the City's shuttle service early in the program.

Mr. Rodriguez did not know the history of payments between PAUSD and the
City.

Council Member Burt believed Staff needed to include historic context in
discussion of topics. Coordination of shuttle service with PAUSD should
focus on traffic issues related to magnet schools and overflow.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Council should first identify who was
being served by shuttle service. If the purpose of the shuttle was to
transport workers to companies, then workers or companies should pay for
shuttle service. If the purpose was a richer ridership, then the focus should
be on corridors. Staff should look carefully at goals and experimental
options that might be available.

Council Member Berman loved the shuttle concept and the idea of working
with other cities to develop routes for commuters. He inquired about the
possibility of a shuttle route including the Fremont Bay Area Rapid Transit
(BART) station or the Dumbarton Express and the San Antonio Caltrain
station.




02/24/2014                                                            114- 340
