                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff inquired whether the next of round of Council
comment was limited to questions regarding the scenarios.

Mayor Shepherd responded yes.       The discussion Wednesday, August 6,
would be more narrow.

Council Member Scharff wished for the meeting to end by 11:00 P.M.

Council Member Berman was skeptical of the Council's ability to narrow any
points.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council wished to continue questions
to the meeting on Wednesday.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to continue the Public Hearing to 7:00 P.M. on Wednesday, August
6, 2014.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

22.   Resolution 9449 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Implementing Outdoor Water Use Restrictions in Compliance with
      the State Water Resources Control Board's July 15, 2014 Emergency
      Drought Regulations.”

Debra Lloyd, Utilities Compliance Manager, reported Staff was working on a
proposal for enforcement of Regulations. Staff would not propose a revenue
raising program through enforcement. Palo Alto obtained 100 percent of its
potable drinking water from the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission's
(SFPUC) regional water system. While the Governor called for a 20 percent
statewide water usage reduction early in 2014, SFPUC requested a 10
percent voluntary reduction. The Santa Clara Valley Water District (District)
called for a 20 percent reduction. Palo Alto was one of two cities within the
District that achieved the highest water usage reduction since February
2014. Recently, the State adopted emergency water use restrictions while
SFPUC continued to request a 10 percent voluntary reduction. The Utilities
Department increased communications and conservation programs. The
community responded with a 17 percent reduction in water use compared to
2013 usage. City facilities had reduced water use by 26 percent. Rebates
for landscaping water use efficiency had doubled. Service use reports
helped customers analyze water use; and educational materials helped
customers identify water saving actions. On July 15, 2014, the State Water
Resources Control Board (Board) adopted emergency water use regulations
which applied to all individuals and urban water suppliers. Beginning July
28, 2014, individuals were expected to cease watering outdoor landscape;
washing vehicles and outdoor driveways and sidewalks; and using potable
                                                                       Page 21 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/04/14
