                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein requested examples of similar outreach programs MIG
conducted in other cities and an indication of success in reaching populations
identified as targets.

Ms. Schmitt had good success with various outreach programs. MIG tracked
attendance at events. If a target group was not participating in activities,
then MIG would place more emphasis on an activity known to be effective
with that group.    Based on past experiences, online and face-to-face
interactions would work well in Palo Alto.

Council Member Klein requested examples of cities where MIG worked in the
past.

Ms. Schmitt reported MIG utilized a similar approach in Overland Park,
Kansas, and Longmont, Colorado, with good success. MIG was currently
working in Atherton on a civic center plan. All of those projects contained
community engagement at some level. High tech and high touch were the
most effective tools for community engagement.

Council Member Klein referenced acquisition of new parkland and inquired
whether Cubberley Community Center was included in the 187 acres.

Mr. Betts answered no.

Council Member Klein asked why it was not included.

Mr. Betts indicated none of the properties owned by Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) was included in the 187 acres.

Council Member Klein believed Cubberley should be part of the calculations.
Neighborhoods regarded school yards as park space.

Mr. Betts explained that the methodology utilized by Staff was devised by
the National Parks and Recreation Society. The half mile that Vice Mayor
Kniss referenced was a national standard. Staff used the same guidelines to
count City parks.

Council Member Klein noted neighbors utilized Jordan Middle School playing
fields for a variety of activities.

Ms. Schmitt clarified that schools used as parks were common issues. Staff
and MIG had a meeting arranged with PAUSD to discuss parks planning. In
compiling a comprehensive inventory of facilities, MIG could consider only
City-owned land, City and PAUSD sites, or City and PAUSD sites and leased
land.

                                                                         Page 3 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
