                             MINUTES
Mr. Ristow explained that the California Department of Transportation
(Caltrans) had final approval of any improvements made to El Camino Real.
VTA was working with Caltrans and held a co-op agreement with Caltrans.

Vice Mayor Kniss reported the City was not the governing board for El
Camino Real and, regardless of City comments, Caltrans would make the
final decision.

Mr. Ristow added that VTA, as the implementing agency, would decide which
alternative it would propose to Caltrans.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, stated the travel time for buses would be
competitive with vehicular traffic if the dedicated lane option was chosen. In
other cities across the country, BRT that was time competitive with vehicular
traffic achieved ridership greater than the amount forecast. She urged the
Council to consider the benefits of making the bus time competitive with
vehicular traffic.

Herb Borock believed the EIR should compare demographics of prior surveys
that indicated the typical bus rider did not own a car. Most traffic along El
Camino Real originated outside the City. Analysis of the dedicated bus lanes
should include vehicular traffic turning right and crossing dedicated bus
lanes. He questioned the purpose of locating traffic signals along Alma
Street.

Vanessa Warheit preferred the dedicated          lane   option   and   strongly
encouraged the addition of bicycle lanes.

Council Member Price assumed mitigations would occur mainly under the
dedicated lane scenario.

Mr. Ristow answered yes.

Council Member Price asked if mitigations would be needed under the mixed
flow option.

Mr. Ristow responded no.

Council Member Price inquired whether the features of BRT buses would be
similar to existing express buses.

Mr. Ristow explained that express buses were designed for longer trips;
therefore, BRT buses would be similar to regular buses with interior and
exterior bike racks.



11/17/2014                                                              116- 112
