Council Member Schmid had heard public comments to that regard.                   3.5
million square feet of office space translated to 14,000 parking spaces.

Mr. Keene hoped an exact number for the parking deficit would not be
required. Staff acknowledged the existing deficit of 962 spaces did not
factor in more workers occupying existing square footage in Downtown. If
an RPP Program was to be effective, at least one garage would be beneficial.

Council Member Schmid agreed the exact number was not important, but
the scale of the problem was important. Numbers from the City's November
2013 parking survey were about 30 percent lower than numbers provided by
residents. Hundreds of empty parking spaces in garages indicated the
pricing component of the parking model was not effective. The Council
should discuss ownership, control, and allocation of spaces when Staff
returned with a proposal on parking lots.

Council Member Berman recommended Staff consider parking puzzles. The
Council needed a more comprehensive analysis of alternatives at different
locations to make an informed decision.

CALL THE QUESTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to call the question.

CALL THE QUESTION PASSED: 6-3 Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd no

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Shepherd no

MOTION #2: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to direct Staff to solicit Statements of Interest/Qualifications for public-
private partnerships to increase parking supplies on City-owned lots for
discussion and direction in August.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid not to take action on Staff Recommendation
Number 2 based upon the Substitute Motion that just passed.

Mr. Keene reported Staff was requesting authority to solicit Statements of
Interest and Qualifications from interested parties.

Council Member       Holman    requested    Staff   describe   a   public-private
partnership.

Ms. Gitelman wanted to solicit ideas from private partners who would be
interested in constructing additional parking on City-owned lots. Projects
                                                                           Page 26 of 37
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes: 2/10/14
