                             MINUTES
P&TC identified eight ideas or issues related to PC Zoning. The PC Zoning
Ordinance did not include a definition of public benefits, which was needed.
The P&TC discussed regulations providing explicit monitoring and
enforcement in addition to current Planning Department actions and the
types of projects that should be handled via a development agreement or a
precise plan. Other communities identified geographic areas where PC
Zoning was adequate. Perhaps the City could outline specific areas through
the Comprehensive Plan. Regulations could be updated to reflect some type
of cap on the variation from the underlying Zoning District, such as a
maximum height exemption of 5 feet or a maximum density or a minimum
setback. Staff offered two choices for PC reform. The Council could revise
the existing Ordinance to address concerns raised by the public and the
P&TC or eliminate the use of PC Zoning for new projects and adopt another
approach effective for affordable housing. Approximately 1,000 affordable
housing units had been developed as a result of PC Zoning. Staff would
return with a draft Ordinance for review by the P&TC and the Council.

Aram James was concerned by the secrecy and tradeoffs that occurred in the
PC process. He wanted to know what happened during the secret planning
negotiations regarding the 27 University Project and the number of Council
Members who participated in those secret negotiations. He hoped voters
would be fully informed regarding the participation level of Mayor Shepherd
and Council Members Scharff and Holman.

Fred Balin referred to the third bullet regarding PCs being consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan. The word consistent was not used in the definition of a
PC. As a Charter City, Palo Alto's Comprehensive Plan was not legally
required to be consistent with zoning.           Including "consistent" would
eliminate many development agreements and PCs. Council Members should
clearly state their intentions for PC Zoning so that Staff could draft an
appropriate Ordinance.

Robert Moss reported no penalty had ever been assessed when the
developer or the owner of a project failed to comply with a public benefit.
Staff needed to enforce public benefits and fine the property owner or
developer if they failed to comply. PCs should be prohibited in all residential
zones. No developer had quantified the private benefit of a PC. A PC
Ordinance should include specific limits on a PC's deviation from standard
zoning.

Herb Borock believed the Council should eliminate PC Zone Districts. The
Zoning Code would need to retain language that enabled minor changes to
an existing PC's development plan or changes in its development schedule


                                                                          Page 7 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/06/14
