                             MINUTES
13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Establishing a Citywide
      Framework for Establishment of Neighborhood-Specific Residential
      Preferential Parking (RPP) Districts.

Public Hearing opened at 10:59 P.M.

Samina Faheem indicated parking in the area was not sufficient for residents
and businesses. She supported residential parking permits.

Russ Cohen, Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional Association
Executive Director wanted a successful Residential Parking Permit (RPP)
Program. The success of the RPP Program depended upon: (a) charging
fees to both Downtown worker users and residential users or not charging
fees to either group; (b) allocating permits for Downtown workers in Phase 2
rather than Phase 1; and (c) implementing and measuring results from other
traffic programs prior to implementing an RPP Program.

Mayor Shepherd noted Mr. Cohen spoke to Agenda Item Number 14.

Harris Barton indicated the City needed to ensure businesses were charged
for utilizing parking places in neighborhoods.

Elaine Uang stated the RPP framework would create good traffic programs.
Without an RPP Program, other traffic measures would be useless.

Iqbal Serang hoped the Council would consider apartment owners equally

Public Hearing closed at 11:05 P.M.

14.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of a Resolution Establishing a Residential
      Preferential Parking (RPP) Program in the Downtown Neighborhoods.

Mayor Shepherd recused herself from the Item as her husband had a lease
in the Downtown District.

Council Member Berman recused himself from the Item as he owned a
residence in the Downtown area.

Council Member Holman recused herself from the Item as she owned
property that could be impacted by Council action.

Council Member Scharff recused himself from the Item as he owned
commercial property located on University Avenue. He did not believe he
had a conflict of interest; however, he had insufficient information to make a
clear determination. In the future, he could choose not to recuse himself.

James Keene, City Manager recused himself from the Item as he owned a
residence in the Downtown Parking District.

12/01/2014                                                             116- 163
