MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to have; 1) comprehensive Land Use and Transportation
Planning and Action; the Built Environment –Transportation, Parking and
Livability, 2) Infrastructure Strategy and Funding, and 3) Technology and
the Connected City.

Mr. Keene reported utilizing the subject included all of that and did not limit
Staff or the Council.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed the Council needed to move in that direction. The
Infrastructure Committee was moving toward a decision that would be
presented to the Council. She supported retaining Technology as a Priority
because the City did not make sufficient progress on it in 2013.

Council Member Scharff felt mobility was slightly different                   from
transportation and suggested adding mobility to the Motion.

Council Member Burt was unsure whether the community would understand
the Council's meaning by adding mobility.

Council Member Scharff reported mobility included such items as timing of
signal lights and fixing the Town and Country issue.

Council Member Burt stated those were traditionally transportation issues.

Council Member Scharff believed shuttles, bike paths, car trips, and
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Programs were usually
considered transportation issues. Adding mobility created an emphasis for
Staff.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to include mobility after “Built Environment-Transportation”.

Mayor Shepherd added that Arastradero Road was another project for
mobility. Mobility brought a different element to transportation.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-3 Berman, Burt, Schmid no

Mr. Keene requested a clarification of the Motion.

Council Member Burt did not believe there was a substantive difference
between the Motion and Staff's proposed language.


                                                                         Page 12 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 02/01/14
