                      FINAL MINUTES
Eventually the community would recognize that trenching was a necessity
because of the physical constraints of the community.

Council Member Berman wanted to eliminate grade separations underneath
Caltrain tracks, because no community would support taking that many
properties.   The study identified many questions that merited further
discussion. He wanted to collaborate with other communities regarding a
potential transportation measure in 2016.       He hoped technological
advancements would alter transportation. Trenching was the only possible
option based upon the study.

Council Member Scharff suggested the City could be left with Context
Sensitive Solutions it did not like if HSR proceeded faster than the Council
could organize. He did not believe the rest of the county would support Palo
Alto trenching. Without a sustained effort over a number of years, the
character of the City could be altered forever. Lowering Alma Street was not
a viable option, because of the number of homes taken. He was less
concerned about the Caltrain capacity issue being imposed on Palo Alto than
HSR. He inquired whether the California High Speed Rail Authority could
take real property to separate grade crossings.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, had not reviewed the various authorities and
abilities of governmental entities, but would be happy to research the issue.

Council Member Scharff felt this was a threat to the community.

Council Member Holman concurred with comments of Council Members Burt,
Berman, and Scharff. The City needed to begin educating the community.
Information should be presented in an easily understood format. Real
property takings had financial and emotional costs which should be
integrated into any consideration.

Mayor Shepherd remarked that Caltrain modernization was the City's
immediate concern. Assuming there was no natural barrier to trenching,
trenching rail tracks was viable. A next step was to determine when Caltrain
input was needed. She asked if Staff had approached Caltrain regarding
either a 1-percent or 2-percent grade alternative.

Mr. Hackmann reported Caltrain was aware of the study and interested in
any conclusions reached in the conversation.

Mayor Shepherd agreed a community discussion of CSS should begin soon.
She was surprised by needing 18-24 months for trenching as she thought it
would require years. The only option she would consider was trenching

                                                                         Page 20 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/20/14
