Council Member Klein felt receiving the memorandum earlier in the day
affected the usual process.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman that after hearing from Staff and the public to continue this item to
May 2014.

Council Member Klein understood there was a great deal of community
interest in the item. The Council made a commitment to allow community
review of items prior to the Council taking action. Because of the release of
the memorandum earlier in the day, the community could be unaware of the
memorandum. The item should be heard as soon as possible.

Council Member Berman believed it was important for the Council to reach a
decision using the proper methods. Given the important detail contained in
the memorandum, the community did not have sufficient time to review it.

Mr. Keene commented that Staff was not seeking a Council decision during
the current discussion. The Council was better served by receiving a written
memorandum than by addressing issues within the discussion. The issue
and alternatives were complex. If the Council and community would provide
commentary and questions, then Staff could be prepared to respond at the
next setting of the item, if the Motion passed.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Staff presentation would cover the Staff
Report, the memorandum, or a combination of both.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director, replied a combination of both.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Kniss, Scharff absent

Mr. Bobel reported the item was a follow-up discussion to the February 10,
2014 Study Session. Staff recommendations had not changed since the
Study Session.        The memorandum provided an alternative.            The
recommended Organics Facility Plan (OFP) combined features of the
Biosolids Facility Plan with information gained from the Request for Proposal
(RFP) process. Staff recommended rejecting proposals and issuing a new
RFP. When issuing the original RFP, Staff anticipated proposals would be
new technologies that would accept all three feed stocks and have one
facility. Instead, proposals advanced tried and true technologies. Staff felt
the City would be better served by issuing a new RFP. Staff would mention
the 3.8-acre portion of the 10-acre Measure E site, which was located on the
left side of the Measure E site and next to the Wastewater Treatment Plant.



04/29/2014                                                            114- 522
