                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein wanted to reach out to specific areas of the
community because they did not engage in significant numbers regarding
any planning issues. He wanted to know the contractor's plans and to have
a sense of whether the City would receive value for its expenditure.

Ms. Gitelman stated Staff did not have the ability to draw on the resource at
the current time. If the City entered into the contract, it would have a
professional who was adept in communication concerning planning and
public agency issues, who had experience in a wide variety of communities,
and who would be on-call to assist Staff with event planning and outreach to
all segments of the community.

Mr. Keene commented that Staff needed more capacity in order to move to
the next level of outreach. The Council wanted specific details of outreach
plans. Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff needed capacity to design outreach.
Staff could develop their expectations for deploying work to the firm and
then return to the Council with that information. Staff needed capacity to
design the needed outreach. Before expending X amount of dollars, perhaps
Staff could return to the Council with a report identifying specific work.

Council Member Scharff could not determine the work to be performed by
the firm after reviewing the scope of services.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to not approve the two-year contract with Flint Strategies.

Council Member Scharff indicated the work to be performed was not clear.
There were no metrics to determine whether efforts were successful. The
City did not need to spend that amount of money.

Ms. Gitelman could present metrics to demonstrate how the contract had
been effective in helping Staff reach out to the community.          The e-
newsletter required an incredible amount of Staff time to produce; time that
could be spent on other initiatives. The firm could assist Staff with the e-
newsletter. Staff could provide metrics of the number of people who clicked
on the e-newsletter and how deeply those people reviewed the projects in
the newsletter.

Council Member Scharff believed metrics should be provided before the
Council approved a contract. The proposal provided open-ended tasks for
the firm.




11/10/2014                                                            116- 103
