                            MINUTES
long time she had had concerns about compatibility. She voted against the
636 Waverley Street project because the elements of the building were not
compatible. Compatibility did not dictate style. The ARB and Staff were not
following the basic components of compatibility. Two development projects
compromised the community's values about canopy. The ARB and the
Council needed to accept public input and determine ways to address
concerns.

Vice Chair Popp felt the Zoning Code was written quite well. It was one of
the most thoughtful and most capable Codes he had utilized.             One
component of the Code allowed exceptions within context. The findings of
approval had context for evaluating whether design exception was an
enhancement and whether a project at its maximum was compatible with
others in the area. The process was challenging and subjective. The ARB
was comprised of five individuals with a wide range of experience and very
different educational and professional backgrounds. That diversity created a
dialog to move projects forward in an efficient and effective manner.
Sometimes projects should be denied early in the process. Other times, a
project benefited from additional review. ARB Members struggled with limits
on design advice. Perhaps that could be improved or better defined. He
hoped the Our Palo Alto process would provide clarity regarding types of
architecture the public was interested in seeing.

Mayor Shepherd was interested in thinking outside the box in the presence
of constraints. The University Arts Building was substantially above the
height limit, yet the interest of the building was outstanding.       She
questioned whether the Council could adopt no new net square footage while
providing other opportunities for design opportunities. She understood the
need to build to the maximum allowed. The Council needed to discuss
minimum standards as maximum standards. The Our Palo Alto process was
the ideal process to obtain community input regarding architecture,
compatibility, and the role of the ARB.

Chair Lippert believed the debate of issues was good. Inherent in the
discussion was property rights. Every property owner had the right to build
on his site. Development regulations were embodied in those property
rights. The ARB reviewed the context of rules along with property rights.
DEEs were basically incidental and did not add square footage to buildings.




                                                                       Page 6 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 06/09/14
