                      FINAL MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman explained that the Council directed Staff to review the
constructability analysis and reprioritize lots. Lots E, G, and D were the
prime candidates. The Council could choose among those three lots.

James Keene, City Manager, recalled that Lot D was the Council's choice in
the previous discussion.

Council Member Holman did not understand why the City would give control
of potential parking development to a private entity. Control of parking
development was more important than obtaining private funding. She did
not favor a public-private partnership for parking garages. There should be
some ground-floor retail component in parking garages. Staff reported to
the Council that the parking group did not favor the use of existing parking
garages as part of the parking solution. Later members of the parking group
informed her that commercial participants opposed the use of existing
parking garages. She requested Staff revisit that issue with the parking
group and present possibilities to the Council. She was interested in the
audit of in-lieu fees and impact fees and the balances of those funds. The
Kleiman proposal provided a net increase of 72 parking spaces. A second
level of parking on that lot could almost double the number of parking
spaces without the visual impact. She questioned whether the purpose of
constructing a parking garage was to relieve the current situation or to
subsidize future development.

Council Member Burt expressed concerns regarding a public-private
approach. He did not want the City to relinquish capacity of publicly owned
lots. The Ark Studio West proposal would provide 168 net new spaces. A
publicly funded proposal would provide as many as 310 net new spaces.
That seemed to eliminate the proposal for Lot D. The Council had ruled out
a garage for Lot A; however, stacked parking now made a garage at Lot A
feasible. He would not want to delay discussion of parking garages for the
RPP Program to proceed, but would delay discussion until Measure B was
determined. A public-private partnership could free up funds for Fire Station
Number 4. He was not willing to proceed with a parking garage until the
Council had evaluated parking ratios. A lease for Lot A could restrict tenants
to one vehicle rather than none. He would propose a business license tax
based on occupancy, but that could not occur until 2016 at the earliest. The
Council should consider shallow retail for the retail component of parking
garages.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd to
direct Staff to continue pursuing construction of one or more new parking
garages downtown via public financing, a public-private partnership, or both.
Specifically, direct Staff to return to the Council with a draft Scope of Work

                                                                          Page 26 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
