restrictions remained in place.   More restrictive measures were set up for
implementation if needed.

Catherine Elvert, Utilities Account Representative, indicated the City had
been proactive in evaluating indoor and outdoor water use at City facilities.
Most facilities were upgraded with high efficiency toilets and fixtures.
Ongoing efforts to increase water use efficiencies included identifying areas
to replace irrigated turf grass with native plants; applying for District grants
for innovative water conservation programs; delivering free surveys to
businesses and homes; offering free efficiency devices and increased rebate
levels for various programs; educating customers and students about easy
actions they could take to reduce water use; providing free services to the
community to assist in water efficiency efforts; educating the community
regarding the importance of water conservation; developing a central web
page to provide information on water supply updates, projects, and
programs; expanding the City's presence in social media; attending
neighborhood group meetings to talk about water supply; maintaining an
active presence in the media; and working with partner organizations in the
community.

Ms. Ratchye reported a majority of the City's electric supplies were based on
hydroelectricity. The drought would impact the electric utility as well as the
water utility. If 2014 continued to be dry, the City would need to purchase
more energy from the market and more renewable energy certificates. Staff
expected to spend $4-$7 million more for market purchases, another
$500,000 for renewable energy certificates to remain carbon neutral, and up
to $2 million per year to the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund.

Mayor Shepherd brought forward Agenda Item Number 2, noting Agenda
Item Number 1 would continue after Agenda Item Number 2.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Resolution 9397 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Denny Neverve Upon His Retirement.”

Dennis Burns, Police Chief, reported that Officer Neverve suddenly passed
away the previous evening. He received many comments describing Officer
Neverve as straightforward, professional, dedicated, trustworthy, and
reliable. Officer Neverve was known as a teacher for young officers.

Mayor Shepherd read the Resolution into the record.

E. Perky Perkins knew Officer Neverve through her volunteer work with the
Police Department. Everyone was always glad to see him.
                                                                           Page 2 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 03/03/14
