                             MINUTES

Paul Sellew, speaking on behalf of a group of five and Harvest Power, agreed
with Staff's OFP plan with four caveats. Harvest Power could build the
facility within two years of permitting and provided a lower risk. Harvest
Power had the only facility that integrated all components and offered a
lower cost. He supported the Motion to delay the item until May to allow for
more discussion.     Harvest Power was willing to incorporate a thermal
hydrolysis process into its proposal.

Tom Bintz, We Generation, shared the City's vision for an organics
management program. He did not believe any proposer would object to the
City negotiating with any of the proposers. He wanted to ensure the City
had all relevant information to make an informed decision. Separation of
the three components provided certain risks that could prevent food scraps
and yard trimmings recycling from being executed. Based on a review of the
amended recommendation, many open items needed to be addressed. He
provided questions for the Council to consider when reviewing proposals.

Craig Lewis, Clean Coalition Executive Director, focused on accelerating the
transition to renewable energy and a modern grid. He encouraged the City
to take advantage of the opportunity to site a biopower project along with a
compost facility next to the Wastewater Treatment Plant.

Bob Wenzlau understood the drive behind Measure E was to bring local
composting back to Palo Alto. Recommendations should include composting
on the Measure E site.

Peter Drekmeier stated the alternative recommendation was not ideal but
was acceptable in the spirit of compromise as it addressed the issue of
Measure E. The Council should send a strong message to Staff that people
voted to undedicate parkland for composting. He did not understand the
timeline for completion of the facility. The Staff Report indicated Harvest
Power was less expensive over the 20-year period and had a better
environmental product.

Carolyn L. Curtis remarked that people wanted to retain composting in Palo
Alto. If the Council chose to retain composting in Palo Alto and implement it
expeditiously, it would have the support of a large majority of voters.




04/29/2014                                                           114- 525
