                            MINUTES
and provisions for inspections. The record demonstrated that PCs were
simply a way for Councils to make deals.

Stephanie Munoz believed in the pure concept of a PC Zone. PC Zones
should apply to property that was once considered common but was now
considered precious.

Sea Reddy agreed with Ms. Munoz's comments. The PC Zone process was
appropriate. The Council should question the intent of developers who
proposed PC Zones.

Council Member Schmid recalled that the 101 Lytton Project resulted in
considerable interest in major PCs or projects proposing tradeoffs. One of
the benefits of a PC was affordable housing; yet, PCs had provided only
1,000 affordable units since 1952. Between 2003 and 2007, PCs provided
238 affordable units, and between 2008 and 2014 83 affordable units. PCs
were not providing the City with affordable housing.         PCs should be
connected to the Comprehensive Plan. A hard, quantitative limit on the
amount of future growth would increase the value of PCs. If the Council
wished to wisely reform PC Zoning, it needed to know the amount of future
growth. With respect to valuing benefits, the value of housing could be
based on sales price and the value of commercial space could be based on
rental rates. Public benefits should be innovative and help the community.
The City, rather than the developer, should initiate the public benefit. The
Council as the responsible body should be in charge of PCs. The Code for
development agreements required an annual report.          PCs should also
provide reports annually.

Council Member Holman asked if development agreements usually contained
a life of 20 or 30 years.

Ms. Gitelman responded they usually set a term.

Council Member Holman felt it was important for the public to understand
that development agreements contained a set term. In her opinion, the
most successful PC projects began with the public benefit. Any future PC
should begin with the public benefit. She supported retaining PC Zoning
because it could be used to great effect. However, PC Zoning should be
used rarely and should commence with the public benefit. She concurred
with enforcement issues. Language in PC Ordinances should not be self-
conflicting. As a public speaker commented, public benefits were not fees
typically associated with development and not uses ordinarily allowed by
zoning. In determining the economic value of a public benefit, independent
contractors should perform the economic and environmental analyses. She
referred to Packet Page 34, (c) under "Required determinations." Any
                                                                       Page 8 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/06/14
