                             MINUTES
Council Member Price asked if there had been an update of the structural
engineering and architectural estimates.

Mr. Green reported the estimates were refreshed that day. Estimates were
realistic and based on escalation of fees and costs as estimates were first
prepared two years previously.

Council Member Price requested a description of the            formula   and
assumptions used in projecting increases in operating costs.

Mr. Freedman advised that the Board established its fundraising capability in
the early going while working with consultants to develop historical
resources and connections to the educational community. As the project
proceeded, the Board would be more specific about taking care of collections
and obtaining resources for storage and registration of collections. The
Board structured it to identify support, develop resources of history and
education, and then identify people and resources to execute exhibits.

Council Member Price inquired about options for funding in addition to the
request to the City.

Bob Woods, Development Counsel for the Palo Alto History Museum,
explained that donors were interested in the building and in the Museum. Of
the approximately 500 donors, 115 made multiple gifts over multiple years.
These people were good prospects for planned giving. Several planned gifts
were needed to help an organization build its operating costs, and then build
planned gifts into an endowment. If philanthropists made a gift to the
campaign, they would protect that gift by assuring ongoing support for
several years.

Council Member Price commented that the value of TDRs were a function of
market value, which changed over time. She inquired whether the City
could set a threshold amount for a TDR square footage fee.

Mr. Perez replied yes. The City set $90 as the minimum the last time it
attempted to sell TDRs.

Council Member Price asked if Staff could provide a range for a square
footage TDR fee at the current time.

Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real Estate Manager, reported the Municipal Code
required the City to perform an appraisal and set a price before marketing
TDRs.




12/15/2014                                                            116- 250
