                            MINUTES
15.   Adoption of an Ordinance Creating a Business Registry in the City of
      Palo Alto and Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5275
      entitled “Budget Amendment Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto for Fiscal Year 2015 for Costs Related to the Implementation
      of a Business Registration Program for all Businesses Occupying
      Commercial Space Within the City and Amendment to the Municipal
      Fee Schedule and Administrative Penalty Schedule.”

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Number 5:               7-1 Schmid no, Klein
absent

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Numbers 6-15: 8-0 Klein absent

Council Member Schmid noted the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC)
recommended the Council approve the Energy Risk Management Policy and
move to a biannual report. The UAC recommended that the Council not
review the report, even though the Council was responsible for oversight of
Utilities. The Council should review the UAC's Minutes to understand the
recommendation.

ACTION ITEMS

16.   Public Hearing: Adoption of an Ordinance Establishing Underground
      Utility District No. 46 (Arastradero Road/ El Camino Real/ W.
      Charleston Road) by amending Section 12.16.02 of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code.

Mayor Shepherd reported earlier this year the Council adopted a Resolution
to establish Underground Utility District Number 46. The Resolution set
October 6, 2014 as the date for the Public Hearing and adoption of an
Ordinance establishing the Underground District. Staff's recommendation
was that the Council adopt the Ordinance, amend Section 12.16.02 of
Chapter 12.16 of Title 12 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code and thereby create
Underground Utility District Number 46. District Number 46 would result in
the removal of three poles and placement underground of overhead electric
distribution and communication lines. This would affect service to eight
properties at the intersection of El Camino Real and Arastradero Road and
West Charleston.

Public Hearing opened at 9:36 P.M.

Stephanie Munoz reminded the Council that the City was obligated to
telephone companies for cell phone towers. The City could regret those
obligations when it wanted to underground a telephone pole on which a cell
phone tower was located.
                                                                      Page 18 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/06/14
