Robert Moss read an editorial regarding land use.

Jeanne Fleming remarked that generally users of the Dish were women. The
proposed plan did not allow vigorous exercise within an hour.

Nancy Krop asked the Council to protect access to the Dish. Eliminating
parking would not make Stanford Avenue safer. The gate at Coyote Hill
Road should be opened. The Junipero Serra crosswalk was located at one of
the most dangerous intersections in the City.

Diane McGrath indicated the walk from proposed parking to the Dish would
severely limit use of the Dish. Health benefits from exercising at the Dish
were obvious. She suggested parking be added to adjacent streets to ease
congestion on Stanford Avenue.

Lyman Van Slyke reported the issue was not access to the Dish, but rather
the reduction of parking along Stanford Avenue in return for buffered lanes.
A serious accident was waiting to happen on Stanford Avenue. He urged the
Council to endorse the proposal.

Suzie Brandeau supported exercising in the Dish because of the terrain and
security. She encouraged open access.

Vineth Gupta was able to exercise at the Dish in one hour because of nearby
parking. Many women used the Dish for exercise.

Christine Costigan supported the proposed bike trail. She expressed concern
about her children utilizing Stanford Avenue on their way to school.

Penelope Zeifert agreed that Stanford Avenue was dangerous. Safety should
be the first consideration.

Cheryl Goodrich indicated Stanford Avenue parking should be safer and
better organized. She supported the goal to connect the Baylands to the
Foothills. While she supported parking on Coyote Hill Road, she worried
about pedestrians crossing safely at Page Mill Road. Parking could be
developed at the end of Old Page Mill Road.

James Mark, MD felt the issue was safety because of U-turns and jay
walking. He urged the Council to support parking off Stanford Avenue.

Bruce Clemens stated the S1 trail was a viable alternative to the Dish.
Parking along Stanford Avenue was terrible.

                                                                       Page 4 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 02/03/14
