             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              DRAFT MINUTES
                                                            Regular Meeting
                                                            August 18, 2014


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:08 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:    Burt, Price

STUDY SESSION

1.   Potential Topics for Discussion During the City Council Study Session
     with Supervisor Joe Simitian.

Greg Betts, Director of Community Services, thanked Supervisor Simitian for
the $150,000 contribution from the Park Charter Fund for the Magical Bridge
Playground Project.      Substantial construction had been made to the
pathways on both sides of the bridge to make it more accessible to people
with disabilities. The gift set the pace for Friends of the Magical Bridge to
reach and exceed their financial goal. The Magical Bridge Playground would
be an inspiration to other parks in Santa Clara County.

Supervisor Joe Simitian thanked the community for making the Magical
Bridge Playground a reality. The Board of Supervisors agreed the project
had regional significance and was an appropriate beneficiary of the Park
Charter Fund. People would view the Magical Bridge Playground as a
regional benefit and facility.

Cybele Lovuolo-Bhushan appealed for a cold-weather shelter to be located in
north Santa Clara County. This was another opportunity for the City and
County of Santa Clara (County) to be trendsetters.

Supervisor Simitian had three goals in mind in when he returned to the
Board of Supervisors. The first goal was to ensure the County carefully
utilized taxpayer dollars and promptly delivered services. His second goal
was being involved in the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. His
third goal was to be mindful of the needs of his District. Palo Alto faced a
few challenges when working with the County: Palo Alto was geographically


                                                                     Page 1 of 24
