                             MINUTES
One challenge was the lack of data regarding number of employees;
however, Staff hoped the Business Registry would provide better data. The
Finance Committee was also concerned about the category breakdown.
Existing fees included a category that was different from the categories
proposed for the new fees. Categories for existing fees were implemented
more than ten years ago. Since that time, categories were standardized and
Staff proposed use of the standardized categories. Categories for existing
fees could not be changed to standardized categories unless the fee itself
was changed. Should the Council approve the new fees, Staff would return
with an Ordinance authorizing the new fees and a Resolution setting the
fees. Fees would be effective 60 days after adoption of the Ordinance and
would apply to new developments that had not received building permits
prior to the expiration of the 60-day period.

Council Member Berman reported the Finance Committee's discussion
primarily concerned the number of jobs in Palo Alto and the ratio of fees
charged to residential and non-residential uses. He inquired whether Staff
received new information to determine the ratio was 49 percent for
residential uses and 51 percent for non-residential uses.

Mr. Perez clarified that Staff's presentation to the Finance Committee did not
sufficiently explain the ratio.

Council Member Berman noted the Finance Committee voted 3 to 1 in favor
of the Staff recommendation.

Mayor Shepherd requested additional comment concerning the Finance
Committee's discussion of a 60/40 fee split.

Council Member Berman recommended Members of the Finance Committee
share the concerns they raised at the meeting. He requested Staff explain
changes that resulted in the 60/40 split shifting to a 49/51 split.

Mr. Perez explained that the proposed residential fees and non-residential
fees as stated in Table 20 resulted in the 60/40 split discussed at the
Finance Committee meeting. Calculating the fee per person served resulted
in the 49/51 split. The Finance Committee wanted a 50/50 split; however,
the consultant expressed concerns about that.

Council Member Berman added that the City could not choose a ratio and
make the fee fit that ratio.

Mr. Perez indicated Staff did not have good data regarding the number of
employees. The Finance Committee discussed delaying the new fees until
good data was available.

11/03/2014                                                             116- 54
