                            MINUTES
Council Member Holman enthusiastically supported the Amendment as well.
Funding HSRAP organizations was appropriate. The HRC review of programs
and recommendations for funding occurred before the budget cycle began.
Therefore, the HRC would make its recommendations prior to requesting use
of the Reserve Fund in the budget cycle. She asked if Staff felt there would
be a sequencing issue.

Minka Van Der Zwaag, Manager Community Services Senior Programs,
explained that the Chief Financial Officer collaborated with Staff regarding
budget preparation and would be aware of potential Budget reductions. If
Executive Staff requested a funding decrease, then the HRC could discuss
with Staff use of the Reserve Fund. Staff would have a few months to
consider use of the Reserve Fund.

Council Member Holman understood Council Member Berman proposed an
equal distribution of 2.6 percent to each agency; however, the Amendment
did not reflect that.

Council Member Berman advised that Staff reviewed the Amendment and
indicated the current wording included that intention.

Council Member Holman felt the Amendment should accurately state the
intent as it was Council direction to Staff. She suggested the Amendment
state the purpose of the $50,000 contribution from the FY 2015 Budget was
to establish a Human Services Reserve.

Council Member Berman indicated Staff advised that the Amendment state
either one-time or ongoing.

Council Member Holman remarked that the $68,000 increase did not state
ongoing or one-time and questioned whether the Reserve had to state one-
time or ongoing.

Council Member Berman clarified that he intended the $50,000 amount to be
a one-time amount. He wanted future Councils to have the option to
contribute differing amounts.

Mayor Shepherd wanted to ask a few questions, then vote on the
Amendment. Following the vote, the Council would have a time check-in.
She requested Staff report on the increases that the Council provided for
HSRAP the previous year.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag advised that all agencies received a 7.1 percent increase
in the FY 2014 Adopted Budget.
                                                                      Page 23 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 06/09/14
