                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman inquired whether the Motion proposed multiple
meetings to discuss the Comprehensive Plan if necessary.

Council Member Klein felt the Council would need an additional meeting to
take specific actions, but did not believe an additional meeting would delay
the process. This was a perfect issue for discussion at a Saturday meeting.

Mayor Shepherd requested discussion remain relevant to the Motion.

Council Member Berman stated a policy-by-policy review would require
several meetings.      If Council Members had pressing concerns around
individual policies, then they should mention them. Discussing the big
picture and providing overall guidance to Staff was logical.

Council Member Scharff was not sure the Motion was different from Staff's
proposal. He questioned whether Staff would accept as direction one Council
Member's in-depth comments regarding a policy if other Council Members
did not specifically rebut those comments. He wished to focus on the big
picture.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that the public could perceive a
detailed discussion as deciding changes to the Comprehensive Plan without
public input. A line-by-line discussion could also appear to limit public input
to only those willing to read each page rather than to a general discussion of
growth and density. In the proposed timeline Staff envisioned the Council
speaking to each policy and identifying issues of concern. A more involved
process would be needed if the Council wished to drive to decisions on each
policy at the current time. He requested the Council define potential
implications for this as far as timeline and process support.

Council Member Scharff asked how the discussion would be different if the
Motion passed versus if the Motion failed.

Council Member Burt clarified that Staff proposed the Council discussion
focus on three questions and discouraged a discussion of policies and
programs. The Motion would open that discussion and allow a discussion of
whether additional time was needed.

Council Member Price would not support the Motion. The proposed process
was logical. The original process did not preclude any Council Member from
making comments on policies. She expressed concern that a discussion of
policies and programs would not provide overall guidance to Staff.



05/05/2014                                                             114- 560
