                       FINAL MINUTES
percent. The survey compared the residents of Palo Alto with about 36
other benchmark cities, and Palo Alto was above the benchmark criteria.
Some high ranking scores were employment opportunities, Palo Alto as a
place to work, and education. Palo Alto was by far the best in services
provided by governments at the local level, when compared with State, and
Federal government; Palo Alto ranked 84 percent, and the State government
ranked at 33 percent. Some Business and work related highlights were new
stores and rebuilding at the Stanford Shopping Center. A new Apple store
opened downtown, with new retail locations and a few mixed-use projects
that went through recent approval. Some new and expanding businesses
formed were Tesla, VM Ware, Theranos, Survey Monkey, and Palantir.
Regarding neighborhood highlights, the City responded to Crescent Park
parking problems with the overnight parking restriction. This was connected
to neighbor concerns regarding the Newell Bridge plans to pursue an
Amortization Study that resolved the Consumer Price Index impacts on the
adjoining Barron Park neighborhoods.         There was greater outreach on
planning projects, which included more descriptions and images on the City
website. There were dramatic improvements on the Sidewalk and Street
Maintenance programs, continued discussion on the long-term plan for the
Cubberley Community Center, and the Council’s action toward the homeless
community. The City worked on planning for the Residential Permit Parking
(RPP) program, made improvements on Safe Routes to School, and made
progress toward the “Know Your Neighbor” grant program. Palo Alto built
some Smart City relationships with competitive and leading cities around the
world and there were 16 international visits that City Council and Staff
hosted regarding learning more about the progress of Palo Alto. In 2013,
the Council identified three priorities: 1) the future of downtown and
California Avenue, with a focus on urban design, transportation, parking, and
livability; 2) infrastructure strategy and funding; and 3) technology and the
connected city. Regarding the future of California Avenue and downtown,
the Development Center continued to make improvements in the downtown
area. There were over 4,000 building applications in progress in 2013, there
were changes in plan check and building permits, and the response to permit
applications went down to approximately 24 days, in comparison with the
response time of 102 days in 2007. In 2013 there were over 24,000
building inspections performed, an increase of 25 percent from the previous
year; within that increase, the City was able to complete 99 percent of the
inspections within the next day. In 2012 the average time to issue a
Photovoltaic Permit was 82 days, as of November 2013 it took an average of
one day. At the beginning of the year it took 33 days to issue an Electric
Vehicle Permit, today it took one day. The Council continued to lead on the
High Speed Rail project and to be an advocate in the face of State and
national pressure. The importance of dealing with alternate transit modes
                                                                          Page 2 of 11
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 01/06/14
