                             MINUTES

Mayor Shepherd agreed to do so. The Council could accept or reject
Amendments to the Motion to approve the Budget Ordinance.

Council Member Berman noted the Finance Committee twice deadlocked
regarding HSRAP funding, thus HSRAP funding was not included in the
Finance Committee recommendation.

Mr. Keene clarified that the Motion, subject to Amendment, was tentative
and would be approved at the second Budget hearing.

Council Member Klein felt it was important to note there were no rate
increases for major utilities. The City continued to have serious long-term
financial concerns regarding pension and healthcare costs and staff turnover.
The City needed to minimize new hires and control expenses to maintain its
AAA bond rating.

Council Member Berman restated his Amendment. He encouraged the HRC
to review allocations for programs thoroughly prior to making a
recommendation to the Council.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether PACCC and Avenidas could be considered
for the additional funding of $68,000.

Council Member Berman responded yes.

Council Member Burt recalled the Finance Committee discussed increasing
HSRAP funding to the level of funding two years previously. HSRAP agencies
were highly efficient in use of funds and highly resourceful. At the current
time, the Council was not committing to increased, ongoing funding. He
hoped the Council would consider continuing or increasing the additional
funding in the future.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed        financial prosperity occurred in cycles of
approximately seven years.       She concurred with additional funding being
one-time at the current time.     She recommended nonprofit agencies appear
at the County of Santa Clara's   (County) hearings to discuss financial needs.

Council Member Price remarked that Palo Alto was not considered a high-
need community. The City should educate the broader county regarding
needs in Palo Alto. Nonprofit agencies worked to leverage funds; however,
funders did not view them sympathetically. The costs for services continued
to increase. Without additional support, agencies would continue to fall

                                                                        Page 21 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
