                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein did not believe the Mayor had the authority to limit
comments to five minutes. He favored shorter meetings, but the Council
had a great deal of work to accomplish. He was concerned that no attention
was being paid to the financial impact. Fry's had been one of the City's
leading generators of sales tax. The Council needed to know Fry's plans and
the landowner's plans and to consider a successor to Fry's. The assumption
seemed to be that another generator of sales tax would not replace Fry's if
Fry's vacated the site. That would be a financial blow for the City. He did
not accept the jobs/housing imbalance as an article of faith. The City
needed housing.      Jobs tended to congregate in particular places, and
housing moved to the periphery.        He looked forward to an in-depth
discussion at a special meeting.

Council Member Burt was cautious regarding applying for a grant as past
grant opportunities had been contrary to the Council's policy inclinations. He
wanted to know the constraints that would be placed on the City and the
City's commitments if it was awarded the grant. He inquired whether the
Master Plan would have to meet VTA requirements which might not align
with the Council's vision.

Ms. Gitelman reported the City would develop the scope of work and direct
the project, and VTA would select the consultant. VTA would be responsible
for administrative duties, but the City would direct the project. Staff was
seeking permission to apply for the grant and would return to the Council
with a scope of work.

Council Member Burt noted the application indicated the City would commit
to certain things in the California Avenue area in order to receive the grant.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the City was applying for the grant and eligible
for the grant, because the area was designated as a Planned Development
Area.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the City would only commit to
preparing a plan for the Planned Development Area.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes. When Staff returned to the Council for review
of the scope of work, the Council could direct Staff not to proceed. Applying
for the grant was not an irrevocable decision.

Council Member Burt commented that that was an important fact not
contained in the Staff Report. The original vision for the area was a PTOD
District where the predominant traffic was pedestrian and bicycle and where
housing was increased.

04/21/2014                                                            114- 493
