                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman commented that adoption of the South El Camino
Real Design Guidelines occurred in 2012 rather than 2014.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Council could utilize relevant
data in mixing and matching scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes. Staff attempted to prepare an analysis that
would allow the Council to mix and match elements.

Council Member Scharff was interested in having the broadest range that
provided the best data. He inquired whether grade separations could be
paired with a low-growth scenario and whether the pairings were important
as long as the data was included.

Ms. Gitelman could change the pairings. It was logical to pair the increase in
roadway capacity with a low-growth pattern.

Council Member Scharff believed good data led to better policy decisions.
He supported a broad range of choices in the EIR. He would not support
most high-growth scenarios; however, high-growth scenarios could provide
different data. He expressed some concern related to scenarios as opposed
to matrixes. He wished to obtain good data without alarming the community
regarding the different scenarios. He asked if Staff expected the Council to
approve or disapprove each item on the list.

Ms. Gitelman hoped the Council would consider Staff's recommendation and
make small modifications. If the Council chose to make major modifications,
then she hoped the Council would assist in reprioritizing other initiatives.
The Council could utilize the recommendation as a base for action.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff expected the Council to determine
which items to work on.

Ms. Gitelman requested specific direction regarding items to prioritize ahead
of the Comprehensive Plan Update and items Staff should not consider in the
context of the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Council Member Scharff felt parking items would be fairly easy to analyze
and bring forward.

Ms. Gitelman agreed. Staff recommended proceeding with many items
listed on Packet Pages 123-124 in the soonest possible timeframe.

Council Member Scharff was not convinced good design related to FAR. He
wished to expand that conversation as to the goal the Council was
attempting to achieve.

11/03/2014                                                             116- 48
