ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Council Member Klein reported he could not participate in Dish discussions
either currently or in the future as his wife was employed by Stanford
University.

Jacques Adler learned that running and walking at the Dish saved his life.
The Council could save lives by continuing access to the Dish.

Stuart Klein stated there was a traffic problem near the Dish.         The
community and neighbors shared a goal of community access to the Dish
with minimal disruption to neighbors. He urged the Council to reengage with
Stanford University for community outreach.

Jo Siegman spoke to the broader and long-term view regarding the Bay to
Ridge Trails and referenced the concept of tragedy of the commons.

Katie Talbot indicated Stanford Avenue was dysfunctional because it was
used as a parking lot. Stanford Avenue was not safe for bicyclists and
children walking to Nixon Elementary. She did understand why users
objected to walking from the proposed parking lot to the Dish.

Lianne Kurina did not believe parking along Stanford Avenue was safe or
worth the death of someone.

Tim Assimes reported access to the Dish was too close to two schools. He
could not support users of the Dish at the expense of the safety of his
children. The Perimeter Trail Project was a good compromise. Stanford
campus members would close access to the Dish if there was an accident.

Jean Meyer requested the Council approve the Perimeter Trail Project.
Limiting access to the Dish would be good. The mission of the Committee
for Dish Access was to halt any improvements to the Perimeter Trails.

Emma Shlaes, Advocacy Coordinator for Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition,
supported the current proposal. Currently Stanford Avenue was intimidating
for pedestrians and bicyclists because of parking. Class 1 and 2 bike
facilities would connect to existing and proposed bike routes within Palo Alto.

Peter Fox felt Stanford University built the trail along Coyote Hill to satisfy
the letter but not the spirit of its agreement. That trail did not satisfy any of
the uses provided by the Dish.

                                                                           Page 3 of 30
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 02/03/14
