                      FINAL MINUTES
an assessment for Fiscal Year 2015 on the Downtown Palo Alto Business
Improvement District.

Council Member Burt requested Staff respond to Mr. Keenan's claims that
the occupancy permit and the business registry would apply to home-based
businesses.

Mr. Fehrenbach advised that an occupancy permit applied to a business
occupying a commercial space; therefore, a home-based business was
exempt by definition. The Council directed Staff to exempt home-based
businesses regarding the business registry.

Council Member Klein indicated there was no proposal to increase the Utility
Users Tax (UUT).

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Shepherd not participating

8.   Information Follow up to Recommendation to Cancel Request for
     Proposals for Energy/Compost or Export Option Proposals for Food
     Scraps, Yard Trimmings and Biosolids and Begin Implementing the
     Organics Facilities Plan, including pursuing use of the Measure E Site
     for Composting (Item was continued by Council Motion on April 29,
     2014 to May 2014).

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director, reported the Organics Facilities
Plan (OFP) had four components.          Originally Staff proposed the four
components be implemented in stages.               Staff provided alternative
recommendations to staging the components. The biosolids dewatering and
truck off-haul facility was needed regardless of other components, because
the City did not have a means to remove biosolids if an emergency occurred.
The second component, wet anaerobic digestion, would treat biosolids
initially with food waste added at a later time. Food scrap preprocessing,
the third component, was needed to remove unwanted material from food
waste. The fourth component, composting of yard trimmings, did not
include biosolids or food waste. Proposals from Harvest Power, Synagro,
and We Generation/Cambi remained after screening. The Staff Report
contained a discussion of net present value.         The OFP would be less
expensive than other proposals and the current situation.          Synagro's
proposal scored highest with respect to the City's cost and non-cost criteria.
Staff recommended the Council reject all proposals from the current Request
for Proposal (RFP) and direct Staff to initiate and pursue the OFP. The new
OFP was substantially different from the process described in the original
RFP to commence negotiations with any proposals. The City would be better
served by shifting to two City-owned facilities. The Synagro proposal did not
                                                                            Page 7 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
