MOTION #5: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to direct Staff to solicit proposals for parking technology – access &
revenue control equipment and parking guidance system for discussion and
possible award in August.

Council Member Holman asked if the timeline could be moved up to June.

Ms. Gitelman remarked that discussing the RFP thoroughly with stakeholders
would be beneficial and would require additional time. Staff wished to
review RFP responses and analyze options before presenting them to the
Council. August 2014 was realistic.

Council Member Berman stated technology should have been implemented
previously. He was pleased the City was reviewing technology, but was
frustrated that the process was not further along. He recommended Staff
consider the use of apps to guide visitors to parking garages. He suggested
not renewing permits for people who did not regularly use them and
providing a financial incentive for companies who left the area to return
permits promptly.

Council Member Klein felt the City needed marketing assistance to get
people to use parking garages.       He was interested in other cities'
experiences and a comparison of Palo Alto's vacancy rate with theirs.

Mr. Keene would do so. He recalled Staff met with Streetline regarding
parking apps. The business model was not feasible, because the City did not
price for parking.    Marketing parking would be easier when the City
instituted demand pricing.

Council Member Scharff preferred to sell permits to people who utilized them
only once a year and thought the City should sell 600 percent of permits.
Because the cap on permit sales was artificially low, he asked Staff to focus
on permit sales. There was not a marketing issue when garages had waiting
lists for permits. People would want permits once an RPP Program was
instituted.

Council Member Schmid felt monitoring was a key component in obtaining
data. Utilizing technology effectively was the basis of any decision.

Mayor Shepherd wished to ensure the Council chose the right technology,
such that it would not deter use of parking. The number of parking spaces
was calculated based on 250 square feet of built environment. She inquired
when the Council could consider revising that calculation.
                                                                       Page 31 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
