Rebecca Krieger related her experiences of working with Ms. Williams. Ms.
Williams supported all the children and was always present at the theatre.

Dalia van Zyll thanked Ms. Williams for making her experiences with Palo
Alto Children's Theatre incredible. Ms. Williams put hard work into each of
the thousands of costumes she created.

Jeremy Erman indicated Ms. Williams was more than just a costumer for
Palo Alto Children's Theatre. Ms. Williams created program covers and
posters. Ms. Williams encouraged all the children.

Paula Collins thanked the Council for recognizing Ms. Williams' service.     The
recognition validated the importance of Ms. Williams' service to Palo        Alto
Children's Theatre, parents and children. She looked forward to the          City
employing someone with similar expertise and competence to replace           Ms.
Williams.

Karen Hickey recognized Ms. Williams' strategic planning and creative
abilities. Ms. Williams considered present and future uses when designing
costumes. She appreciated Ms. Williams' service to Palo Alto and the
community.

Derek Zhon loved seeing his costumes for productions. They always made
him feel special and completed his character.

Nicholas Tachibane believed a costume added to a character.

Alicia Gans reported Ms. Williams and other costumers spent an incredible
amount of time on costumes. Costumes were an integral part of Palo Alto
Children's Theatre.

Stephanie Munoz sang a song saluting Ms. Williams. It was an honor to be
associated with Ms. Williams.

Rhyenna Halpern noted a reception was held the previous evening honoring
Ms. Williams.    On behalf of the Community Services Department, she
thanked Ms. Williams for her service.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Burt to
adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Alison Williams on her
retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0




                                                                        Page 2 of 19
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/27/2014
