                             MINUTES

Oral Communications

Pete Quiroz recalled the 2010 gas explosion in San Bruno. City Utility
employees were disappointed and concerned by a recent management
decision to contract gas work to outside contractors. He did not believe
these contractors were experienced or skilled in working with natural gas.

Lynn Krug supported Mr. Quiroz's comments and hoped the Council would
follow-up on his comments.

Winter Dellenbach invited the public to the Annual Holiday Posada at Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park on December 6, 2014.

Terry Holzemer was displeased with the Council's appointments to the
Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC), Architectural Review Board
(ARB), and the Historic Resources Board (HRB) on November 10, 2014. The
appointees supported-development, when Palo Alto residents wanted less
development.

Brian Anuskwicz indicated the ARB should replace its subjective findings and
suggested guidelines with a solid base of rules, regulations, and building
standards. A defined review process would allow City Staff to present
project applications to the ARB with a standard of review applicable to all
applicants.

Cybele Laviuolo-Bhushan viewed Buena Vista Mobile Home Park as the one
location with real diversity. The property should not be rezoned.

Suzanne Keen felt the Council did not follow the will of the voters regarding
development. Commission and Board members should be diverse.

Bob Moss was disappointed by Council appointments to the PTC and ARB.
Residents demonstrated their desire for compatible projects through the
Maybell vote and the November election. Mr. Keller was the best informed
member of the PTC.

Sea Reddy wanted someone to assist with recounting the votes from the
election.

Aram James questioned whether residentialist candidates would include the
unhoused members of the community. He suggested residents displeased
with Board and Commission appointments attend Board and Commission
meetings to express their opinions. He agreed with Council Member Klein's
comments about losing an issue.

11/17/2014                                                            116- 118
