                              MINUTES
Council Member Holman asked how often regular inspections occurred.

Mr. Nickel indicated the Department performed two inspections per year,
which exceeded requirements.       If neighborhood residents lodged a
complaint, the Fire Department responded within 24 hours for a follow-up
inspection.

Council Member Holman believed the community could need more frequent
inspections in order to feel safe.

Mr. Nickel had the capacity to inspect more often with the increased number
of inspectors. The Department responded quickly to neighborhood requests.

Council Member Holman suggested the Department respond immediately to
neighborhood concerns regarding odors.

Mr. Nickel remarked that notices of odors often occurred in the middle of the
night when only a security guard at the plant was available to assist
inspectors. In that case, inspectors responded the following day for a
thorough inspection.

Council Member Holman wanted to know the number of residential and
commercial soft-story buildings. She inquired about support for East Palo
Alto's efforts to reduce crime.

Mr. Dueker had integrated East Palo Alto into the natural hazards and
mutual aid planning environment.

Mr. Burns advised that the City supported East Palo Alto on a regular basis.
He had regular communications with Menlo Park and East Palo Alto Police
Chiefs regarding joint efforts.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked Staff to describe the computer-aided dispatch
system.

Mr. Burns noted the system required six years to implement, because Staff
had to design the program and work with five agencies. With the new
system, dispatchers could see the locations of all police and fire vehicles on
a map of Palo Alto, Stanford University, Los Altos, and Mountain View.
Regional agencies could dispatch calls for other agencies as needed.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the new system was incredibly important.

Mayor Shepherd was interested in resiliency in the Utilities grid.


                                                                             Page 5 of 21
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 09/15/14
