                            MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired about a timeline for presenting information to
the Council regarding soft-story and unreinforced masonry buildings.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, would
present Ordinances from other jurisdictions to a Council Committee, most
likely the Policy and Services Committee, for discussion.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director, would be prepared for a
discussion of revisions to the Building Code.

Council Member Klein requested Staff comment on a possible timeline.

Ms. Gitelman could compile model Ordinances and a brief summary for
Committee discussion in 30-60 days.

Council Member Schmid inquired about portions of the THIRA Report that
were not made public.

Mr. Dueker disclosed as much of the THIRA Report as was responsible.
Items concerning critical infrastructure, tactics, and scenarios were not
made public.

Council Member Burt requested Mr. Dueker explain the measures he had
implemented and planned to implement in the fall regarding flood
preparedness.

Mr. Dueker reported Staff implemented a three-pronged approach to flood
preparedness. First, all City Staff were engaged as resources to respond to
flooding. Second, Staff worked with adjoining jurisdictions to improve
communications and training. Third, Staff improved operational coordination
with relevant jurisdictions.

Council Member Burt understood the upcoming preparedness event would be
a mock flood.

Mr. Dueker advised that on September 20, 2014 the annual community
exercise would be a storm/major flood scenario.

Council Member Burt was interested in aggressive programs to address soft-
story and unreinforced masonry buildings and in a review of existing
programs.

Council Member Price asked if the THIRA Report recommended actions in the
event of an active shooter on school campuses.


                                                                       Page 3 of 21
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/15/14
