                            MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether the proposed referral fell within
the agendized topic.

Ms. Stump explained the topic was in the nature of making a referral and
setting an agenda for future discussion. The Council was not making a
decision to change its procedures.

Council Member Price inquired whether the intent was for the Policy and
Services Committee to discuss the Council voting to move into a Closed
Session each time a Closed Session was proposed.

Council Member Scharff indicated the Policy and Services Committee could
discuss a vote or other action the Council should take prior to adjourning
into a Closed Session.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to refer to Policy and Services Committee the
discussion on whether to have Council take a vote to go into Closed Session
prior to going into Closed Session.

Council Member Price interpreted the language as the Council would vote to
move into a Closed Session without prior notice. She inquired whether the
intent was for the Council to determine that it was appropriate for the
Council to agendize an item for a Closed Session.

Council Member Scharff replied no. Staff would continue to agendize items
for Closed Session. However, the Council would vote whether a Closed
Session was necessary and whether to adjourn into a Closed Session.

Mayor Shepherd appreciated the inclusion of a vote prior to moving into
Closed Session. She asked if the Ad Hoc Committee considered referring the
City's gift policy to the Policy and Services Committee for review.

Council Member Burt advised that the Ad Hoc Committee only considered
those items discussed by the Council at the September 8, 2014 meeting.

Mayor Shepherd was not aware of a structure for the Council to discuss
significant gifts to the City. The City needed some process for presenting
gift opportunities to the Council for discussion.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the response to Recommendation
3 should be referred to the Policy and Services Committee for review.

Ms. Stump and the City Manager felt the instruction was sufficiently clear
that Staff could implement it without further review. If no street address

                                                                     Page 11 of 21
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 09/15/14
