                            MINUTES
Mr. Green planned to raise funds prior to expiration of the lease option on
June 30, 2015, unless the option was extended.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Board would prefer $1 million
for repairs to the back wall or $1.65 million for a challenge grant.

Mr. Green would prefer funding for the challenge grant. Perhaps funds for
repair of the wall could be bound into a challenge grant.

Council Member Scharff questioned whether the Council or the Museum
needed to incorporate funds for wall repairs into a challenge grant.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Council Member Scharff meant the challenge grant
was not due until the History Museum had raised necessary funds.

Council Member Scharff understood under the previous Motion that City
funds would have to be utilized for repair to the back wall.

Mr. Green explained that the challenge grant was intended to close the
remaining funding gap. The gap would be determined by the value of the
TDR’s.

Council Member Burt advised that the History Museum Board could
determine the best method to frame marketing of funds received from the
City.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct Staff to defer consideration of Staff Recommendation Number 3:
Issue a funding challenge where Palo Alto Historical Museum (PAHM) would
solicit private matching donations if the City offered an additional $1.65
million toward the project cost.

Council Member Burt looked forward to Staff's determining whether
additional funding for the History Museum could be included in the Fiscal
Year 2016 CIP.

Council Member Holman believed the Staff Report lacked clear information
regarding potential funding sources.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return with potential funding
sources that would be within FY 2016 Capital Improvement Program (CIP),
and to add that Staff is to also provide an update on the TDR sale, and
update on the status of History Museum fundraising.



12/15/2014                                                          116- 260
