declined from 2003 to 2013; however, ratings for Palo Alto were higher in
comparison to other benchmarked cities. Parking was an issue for residents,
and the Council would take action even though the City rated higher than
other cities. Staff was planning to determine ways to maintain good scores
and improve poor scores. Fire and libraries would always score higher than
the Development Center or Code enforcement, even across cities.
Inherently, it was difficult to obtain a high score for some negative issues.
Staff would be happy to obtain detailed explanations if the Council was
interested in that.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether respondents' age and gender
matched the City's demographic data.

Mr. Boussina stated the factual results were weighted so that they would
match.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the demographics of respondents
were similar to the demographics of Palo Alto.

Mr. Boussina did not have at hand a breakdown of the actual demographics.
Results were weighted to consider any variances between the population and
the actual makeup of Palo Alto.

Council Member Berman indicated page 9 provided an age breakdown for
Palo Alto residents. A desire for multifamily housing in transit corridors
could correlate with the low number of respondents interested in retiring in
Palo Alto. Even though fewer people had been victims of crime, there was a
perception that crime was worse.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt people who were anxious to live in Palo Alto were not
as concerned with issues as long-time residents. The Council should review
how the survey was performed. An overall quality of life above 90 percent
was not all bad.

Mayor Shepherd believed mobility was very important to quality of life. She
was interested in the impact of the new Mitchell Park Library and Community
Center and improvements at Cubberley on ratings from residents in south
Palo Alto. However, those results would not be available for a few years. It
would be appropriate for the Policy and Services Committee to consider
issues for more exploration. The upper limits for monthly housing costs and
household income were low for Palo Alto.             She wanted a better
understanding of the actual cost of living. She asked if the Policy and
Services Committee reviewed survey questions.



                                                                        Page 5 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
