                            MINUTES
Mr. Perez reiterated that a housing study would be presented separately.

Council Member Schmid inquired about a transportation study.

Mr. Keene presumed fees were not adequate for transportation, but could
provide a separate update on transportation in the future. Staff wanted to
add two fees to every development project and begin collecting funds. As
Staff obtained refined data, they would revisit the fees and adjust them.

Council Member Schmid asked if a vote supporting the item would endorse
the statement that a preliminary review indicated other fees were adequate.

Mr. Perez was not recommending any changes to those fees.

Mr. Keene advised that approval of the item would not be an endorsement of
the statement.

Mr. Perez reported the Council in March 2014 reviewed fees in conjunction
with a list of needs. For example, the Council discussed changing the parks
fee; however, the cost of projects on the needs list was not high enough to
justify changing the fee.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the March Council discussion was the
preliminary review.

Council Member Scharff reviewed the Council process for placing Committee
recommendations on the Consent Calendar or as an Action Item. The Staff
recommendation was for Council review and approval of the recommended
new Public Safety Facility fee and the General Government Facilities fee.
That was not the question or the Motion before the Finance Committee.
Staff should be requesting the Council to review the report and provide
input. He inquired whether the Council was to approve the report or the
fees.

Ms. Stump reported Council acceptance or approval of the report was
irrelevant. If the Council wished to implement the fees, then it needed to
direct Staff to return with an Ordinance to establish the fees. The Finance
Committee sought direction to draft an Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff or the Finance Committee sought that
direction.

Ms. Stump corrected her statement to Finance Staff rather than Finance
Committee.



11/03/2014                                                           116- 59
