endangered traffic, pedestrians, cyclists and children.       The boom of
commercial development in Downtown resulted in neighborhood
overparking.     An RPP Program should be implemented in residential
neighborhoods by September 1, 2014. An RPP Program should be Citywide
and applied block by block without supermajorities and redundant reviews.
There should be a defined allocation of permits to Downtown employees.
Staff and stakeholders proposed satellite lots, shuttles, valet parking, and
better utilization of current empty garage spaces as means to reduce the
number of cars parked in neighborhoods. The Council should act promptly.

David Bena stated the Council should not proceed with an RPP Program
before mitigating other areas. An RPP Program would not resolve the
parking problem.

Nathan Hanley hoped the Council would consider impacts to both businesses
and residents. Any program should not be a financial burden for the
average worker, should not discourage future employees from working in
Palo Alto, and should not force employees to leave their current
employment.

Susan Reth utilized two-hour parking spaces while working at her job. If
RPP Districts were implemented, there would be no vacant spaces for her to
utilize.

Susan Nightingale, Watercourse Way, hoped the Council would continue to
take a balanced approach and consider businesses. She concurred with Mr.
Keenan's suggestions. Employees moving their vehicles every two hours
would cause further congestion and pollution.

Norman Beamer supported a general Ordinance. Staff's proposed procedure
for implementation was cumbersome and should be simpler. The solution
was to spread the problem wider. Areas adjacent to an RPP District should
be allowed to opt into the RPP District.

Debra Peterson expressed concern about the safety of employees walking to
their vehicles in the evenings. The cost of permits should be reasonable for
employees.

Russ Cohen, Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional Association,
indicated the business community should not bear the sole responsibility for
resolving the parking problem, because it was not the sole cause. An RPP
Program could be one tactic utilized to relieve the parking intrusion;
however, it was best utilized as the last tactic.



                                                                       Page 10 of 19
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/27/2014
