                      FINAL MINUTES
the City's ideas on the best way to proceed. Smart improvements along the
system and throughout Santa Clara County could benefit all 2 million
residents.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted the Chair of the California Transportation
Commission (CTC) controlled a great deal of funding. She inquired about
the percentage of the sales tax increase that could be allocated for Caltrain
improvements.

Mr. Guardino hoped that 20 percent of all funds collected would be expended
on Caltrain commuter rail improvements. SVLG knowingly decided to seek
only a 1/4 cent increase because of the many needs that could be funded
through sales tax revenues.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked when Caltrain and BART could realistically connect in
Santa Clara.

Mr. Guardino advised that the first 10 miles of the BART extension was
running $100 million under budget and a full year ahead of schedule. The
final 6.1 miles could be completed between 2023 and 2025. A yard and a
platform-to-platform link and a people mover for Caltrain were needed in
Santa Clara.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt a ring of rail or BART around the Bay was important.

Mr. Guardino believed key safety and speed improvements on Caltrain were
essential to any future measure and the future of the region.

Council Member Burt referenced Mr. Guardino's statement that 20 percent of
funding would be allocated to Caltrain improvements, and inquired about the
dollar amount.

Mr. Guardino indicated the economist estimated a 1/4 cent increase over 30
years would generate between $3.2 billion and $3.75 billion. He corrected
his previous statement in that Caltrain would receive one-seventh of
revenues collected from the tax measure.

Council Member Burt inquired about the amount of funding allocated for
BART.

Mr. Guardino reported the local share to finish the second segment of the
BART system was short $1.3 billion.

Council Member Burt inquired about the amount of funds allocated to BART
and to Caltrain in the last transportation measure.

                                                                          Page 18 of 29
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
