                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump stated that one advantage of stating the requirements was
having all rules in one place. The proposed Ordinances could refer to State
requirements rather than repeat them; however, the comprehensive
element would be sacrificed. The State requirements would remain in effect,
and the City could add the local pieces.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the current time was appropriate for
a Motion.

Mayor Shepherd indicated Council Members could offer Motions regarding
Item Number 15.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the Council did not want to enact the proposed
Ordinances. However, State law would remain in effect whether or not the
Council agreed with the law. While the community wished to provide
affordable housing, density was an issue.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported the City was legally
obligated to follow the State Density Bonus Law.

Vice Mayor Kniss added that the City was required to codify the State
Density Bonus Law. The City had to accept and codify the State Density
Bonus Law.

Ms. Silver concurred. There were different ways to codify the Density Bonus
Law, but it had to be codified.

Council Member Schmid recalled public comment regarding up-zoning of CN
Zones and the higher number of units in the south El Camino Real area. The
Council repeatedly stated that the two areas for intense development should
be Downtown and California Avenue. When the Housing Element was
presented to the Council in 2013, the Council did not have the California
Avenue Area Plan or the Downtown Development CAP. The easy fix was
increasing zoning in the south El Camino Real area and in CN Zones. Now
Staff requested the Council reaffirm increased zoning for those 32 CN sites.
If the City implemented the increased zoning, then it could utilize a
streamlined process for updating the Housing Element. He inquired whether
the Council should adopt the zoning change for a period of 12 months or as
long as the existing Housing Element was in effect rather than making a
permanent change.

Ms. Gitelman believed Council Member Schmid was suggesting a sunset
clause for up-zoning the CN Zone sites. That was essentially the effect of
language stating that the increased density was only available to sites zoned
CN that were contained in the Housing Inventory. If the Council removed


                                  12                     January 13, 2014
