                             MINUTES
         c. Best management practices are sufficient and could            be
            affordable without requiring a fully-enclosed building; or

         d. Composting outside Palo Alto is no longer the lower cost option.

   2. If none of the conditions described above in Paragraph 1 of this
      Motion have occurred by June 30, 2019, the City Council shall decide
      by December 31, 2019 which action including the extension of this
      Resolution that the City shall take with respect to the Measure E site.
      Additionally, a yearly informational report will be submitted to the
      City Council regarding the status of the Measure E site and the
      conditions described in Paragraph 1 of this motion.
   3. Direct Staff to focus on advancing the RFP process for the anaerobic
      digester that will convert biosolids and food waste into biogas as laid
      out in the City’s Organics Facility Plan.

Council Member Klein felt Staff made a compelling case for Option Number
1, but did not mention next steps. The Motion was consistent with the
proposal of Palo Altans for Green Energy with a few modifications.

Vice Mayor Kniss expressed concerns about composting facilities after Newby
Island closed and about trucking garbage. The Motion would provide the
Council with an environmentally acceptable and stable position.         She
inquired whether the Motion included check-ins other than in 2019.

Mayor Shepherd explained that use of the Measure E site would be tabled
until one of the conditions listed in a), b), or c) was met.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Council Member Klein would agree to
include language for periodic check-ins.

Council Member Klein did not see a need for periodic check-ins.

Vice Mayor Kniss preferred periodic check-ins over "a better understanding
of our needs."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a paragraph under section d): Staff shall
annually report to the City Council on the status of the Measure E site and
the potential conditions described above.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Staff would provide an informational
report.



12/08/2014                                                             116- 221
