                      DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Eggleston could instruct designers to design to a $7.2 million
construction budget.       Constructability and cost review could be a
responsibility of the Technical Advisory Panel.

Council Member Holman inquired whether a construction budget of $7.2
million was feasible.

Mr. Eggleston explained the $2 million amount above the $8 million covered
costs for design, construction management, permitting, studies, etc.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that designers and Technical Advisory Panel be
instructed that they are to have proposals within a $7.2 million construction
budget.

Council Member Berman was concerned about the public jury deliberation
process. He asked if potential jurors would serve on the jury if they knew
they would have to comment on projects in public.

Ms. O’Driscoll had thought of certain people to ask to be on the jury.
However, those people would not deliberate in public. Public deliberations
would result in longer and more difficult efforts to identify jurors.

Council Member Berman inquired whether it would be easier to find quality
jurors willing to deliberate in public and vote in private.

Ms. O’Driscoll advised that both deliberating and voting in public would
preclude some of the more desirable jurors.

Mr. Keene remarked that the jury could provide a detailed rationale for their
rankings in a report to the Council.

Council Member Berman asked if there had been public design competitions
for bridges in other jurisdictions.

Ms. O’Driscoll reported almost all juries met privately and returned with a
decision for presentation to the decision-making body.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to remove from the Motion that the jury will deliberate in
public.

Council Member Berman stated wanted to elicit the best design possible.
The community demanded the highest quality people in the process. He was
concerned that high quality jurors would not participate if their deliberations
were public.
                                                                          Page 27 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
