                            MINUTES
Council Member Price indicated it was important to proceed with practices as
outlined.   Because Professional and Management Staff was the only
unrepresented employee group, it was inappropriate to hold compensation
discussions in Open Session. The Council needed a thorough discussion of
alternatives in order to understand implications to Staff and various labor
groups.

Council Member Burt did not want to create new policy without a thorough
review and discussion. Mr. Borock's suggestions would be helpful in framing
alternatives for consideration by the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Scharff understood the issue was holding Closed Sessions
for negotiations with labor groups but Open Sessions for discussion of
compensation for Professional and Management Staff. Negotiating with
labor groups in public would present a host of issues and should be referred
to the Policy and Services Committee. There was no negotiation with
Professional and Management Staff; therefore, compensation could be
discussed in public.     With respect to the note that Professional and
Management Staff were working without a Plan, more than likely the Council
would make any new Plan retroactive. There was no disadvantage to
discussing a Plan in public.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member XXX to: 1) discuss proposed Management and Professional
Compensation in public session; and 2) refer to the Policy and Services
Committee the discussion of alternatives regarding the use and sequence of
closed and open sessions for discussing compensation and benefits changes
for the various labor groups and the unrepresented Management and
Professional group.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF SECOND

Vice Mayor Kniss believed an open discussion at the Policy and Services
Committee would be useful.

Council Member Schmid commented that the public knew more details of
Staff compensation than of any private entity. He asked if Vice Mayor Kniss
recalled the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) holding public
negotiations in 1990.

Vice Mayor Kniss did not.

Council Member Schmid referred to PAUSD as an example of public
negotiations. Public negotiations could create bad feelings between City
workers and the public.

11/17/2014                                                           116- 134
