                             MINUTES
Mr. Hammond indicated the Planning Department did not consider the
character of the neighborhood.

Bob Hinden spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. He felt the Planning
Department should be more sensitive to the style of houses in the
neighborhood.

Frank Ingle spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5.           He thanked the
Council for removing the Item from the Consent Calendar.

Maryann Hinden spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. Allowing a house
which was out of scale and not of the same architectural style would destroy
the cohesiveness of the neighborhood.

John Melnychuk spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. He concurred with
comments opposing the project. New homes in the neighborhood needed to
be of the same scale and character.

John Scouffas spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5.         He opposed the
design of the house.

Mike Murnane spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. Efforts by residents'
associations resulted in guidelines to protect the City from "monster homes."
This was a City-wide issue.

Lenore Cymes spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. The City had a
responsibility to ensure new homes were similar to existing homes.

Herb Borock would speak to Agenda Item Number 7 when the Council heard
it.

Mayor Shepherd asked the City Manager if Agenda Item Number 7 would be
heard later in the Agenda.

James Keene, City Manager responded it would be postponed to another
meeting.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-4, 6, 8-11.

3.    Resolution 9471 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Conflict of Interest Code for Designated City
      Officers and Employees as Required by the Political Reform Act and
      Regulations of the Fair Political Practices Commission and Repealing
      Resolution No. 9299.”

4.    Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the
      Auditor's Office Quarterly Report as of September 30, 2014.

12/01/2014                                                            116- 145
