                     DRAFT MINUTES
Stephanie Muñoz felt the Council's attempts to regulate land use was
accelerating disequilibrium of society. The people of Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park should be allowed to remain in their homes.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff would do their best to synthesize ideas voiced
by the Council and combine them into a report on the scope and schedule
for the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Mr. Keene noted some Council comments appeared to be directives to Staff;
however, Staff would need an actual Council directive. Staff would do their
best to review the range of comments and provide parameters and timelines
for implementing some ideas. Staff would need the Council to determine the
correct return on investment criteria. Focus from the Council would be
important. A concurrent discussion of the Comprehensive Plan and potential
zoning changes would be beneficial. He appreciated comments recognizing
Staff's and the Council's efforts to adapt to problems.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

Mayor Shepherd would adjourn the meeting in honor of Rye Kelley, Greg
Brown, and Mary Taber.

Council Member Klein recalled that Rye Kelley had many ideas, not all of
which were practical. Mr. Kelley originally proposed moving Palo Alto
Medical Foundation from Downtown to El Camino Real. Mr. Kelley and his
brother brought a number of landmark projects to Palo Alto. Mr. Kelley was
a poet and one of the original founders of Palo Alto Weekly.

Council Member Scharff remarked that Greg Brown's murals were some of
the best public art in the country. Public art was often controversial;
however, he had never heard any complaints about Mr. Brown's murals. Mr.
Brown was first hired by the City in 1975 as an artist in residence.

Council Member Price commented that Mary and Paul Taber opened the first
Hobee's Restaurant in 1974. Mrs. Taber first worked in the restaurant, then
moved to management as the chain grew. Hobee's Restaurant was known
for its philanthropy.

Council took a break at 8:40 P.M. and returned at 8:50 P.M.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern that the Council would not have
time for the Closed Session.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that Staff and a consultant were
present for the Closed Session.

                                                                         Page 12 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
