                             MINUTES
Mr. Dueker advised that the THIRA Report contained a comprehensive
approach for both public and private schools. Schools were not obligated to
prepare a THIRA Report. Updating school maps and linking them to the new
computer-aided dispatch system would be operational in 2015.

Mr. Burns explained that Code Red was an exercise coordinated by School
Resource Officers twice a year at each school and concerned an active
shooter.

Council Member Price requested Staff summarize recommendations from the
OES Restructuring Report.

Mr. Dueker reported that the 2011 OES Report recommended hiring two
Emergency Services Coordinators to report to the Director. One position had
been filled. Fire, Police, Public Works, and Utilities personnel filled the
second position.

Council Member Price felt the City should fill the second position so that
plans could be implemented.

Council Member Holman inquired about the use of audible alarms.

Mr. Dueker supported deployment of audible alarms; however, there was no
funding for that.

Council Member Holman asked if grants or cooperative initiatives could be
used.

Mr. Dueker was not sure of potential costs but could investigate that.

Council Member Holman requested an update regarding backup of energy
and communications resources.

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager, recalled the program was decommissioned,
because it was not large enough. He would determine additional details and
provide those to the Council.

Council Member Holman inquired about responses to hazardous materials.

Mr. Nickel worked with neighborhoods and users of hazardous materials
regarding appropriate handling of hazardous materials. The Fire Department
maintained a robust inspection schedule of users of hazardous materials and
maintained a detailed database of materials, uses, and transportation.
Additional personnel had been trained to handle hazardous materials. The
City had a regionalized response with Mountain View and Sunnyvale.

                                                                         Page 4 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
