                     FINAL MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER              to change the wording in the previous
incorporation to “investigate alternative finance mechanisms for additional
parking structures”.

Council Member Holman did not favor Lot G. She asked why Lot O was not
considered. It would produce 320 parking spaces and would have less visual
impact.

Ms. Gitelman reported Lot O was considered, but it did not score as high as
other options.

Council Member Holman noted Lot G did not receive the highest score either.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the top three were Lot G, Lot D, and Lot EG.

Council Member Holman requested the fourth high score.

Ms. Gitelman answered Lot U, then Lot O.

Council Member Holman remarked that Lot U was slightly outside the
Downtown area. Lot G would have significant impacts including displacing
the farmers market.

Ms. Gitelman believed Council Member Klein intended the Motion to include
Lot D or Lot G with Lot G was second to Lot D.

Council Member Holman asked if Council Member Klein as Maker of the
Motion would be interested in adding Lot O as a back-up possibility.

Council Member Klein wished to comply with the Council's previous
comments regarding prioritization of parking lots.

Council Member Holman asked if Lot G was secondary to Lot D.

Council Member Klein replied yes.

Council Member Holman requested the Motion clearly reflect that Lot D was
priority while Lot G was secondary.

Council Member Klein suggested the following language: to add the word
“preferably” between the words parking garage on and Lot D to read
“parking garage on preferably Lot D”.

Council Member Holman would not support any financing mechanism that
impacted the rents of Downtown retail space.

                                                                        Page 31 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 10/20/14
