                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Price believed the proposals were logical and the next steps
would be good in providing additional information. She inquired whether
Staff had the capacity to respond to the many requests for data from the
Council or whether additional consulting services would be needed.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that Staff could perform much of the work. Requests
for comparisons to other communities could require additional consulting
services; however, other contracts possibly could be utilized for those
services.

Council Member Price understood Marguerite did have a route to Research
Park.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a Number 4: to direct Staff to discuss with
Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) the reinstatement of an earlier
adopted policy to provide appropriate funding on an annual basis to the City
to support shuttle services that benefit students.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt all partners should provide funding for the shuttle
service.

Council Member Price commented that contributing to shuttle service would
be less expensive than reinstating free bus service.

Council Member Schmid wanted to reduce the number of single car trips.
Shuttles served primarily first mile/last mile, business, and school riders. He
was concerned about enticing more people to utilize public transit and other
means of transportation that did not involve single car trips.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a Number 5: to direct Staff to explore what
kind of alternative technologies exist that can open up the taxi/van
information world to single person travel from home to destination.

Council Member Klein indicated the proposed west route would reduce the
amount of pass-through traffic in Palo Alto. He inquired about a different
name for the west route.

Mr. Rodriguez replied Shoreline Business Park.

Council Member Klein suggested Shoreline Business District.

Council Member Klein recommended deleting Number 4 and directing Staff
to discuss with PAUSD additional methods to reduce student vehicular traffic

                                                                         Page 17 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
