                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd noted that decisions needed to be made for the City
Manager to move forward with this Item.

James Keene, City Manager remarked that in February 2014, Staff received
a notice of incompletion from the Regional Water Quality Control Board
(RWQCB) related to the request for a 401 Permit Certification. In mid-
March, 2014 there was a meeting with the RWQCB and other effected
parties in the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA) to discuss
the delays in the issuance of a permit, and how Staff could move forward
with the Golf Course project.       The meeting discussed how executive
leadership was needed for this project, and how approval of the permit was
gained. The RWQCB had a 30-day response period and Council went on
recess the month of July 2014; the Council would be on break when a
response was required. Staff recommended delegation to the City Manager
to authorize the contract while Council was on break. Recommendations
Two, Three, Six, and Seven were all subsequent actions once the contract
was awarded. Staff was adopting a Change Order to the contract, one was
deductive, the others were the anticipation of cost, additional expenses,
adoption of a Resolution, and a Budget Amendment Ordinance to allow for
sufficient funding. He noted that Staff might not execute the contract
because of not receiving the permit. Direction was requested on: 1) the
allowance of Staff to make additional expenditures to the design work on the
Golf Course; 2) the passing of a Resolution extending the ability for limited
hauling of materials by trucks on the transfer of soil; and 3) adoption of two
Budget Amendment Ordinance’s for revenues and for expenses for the
operation of the Golf Course for the first two months of Fiscal Year (FY)
2015. Staff hoped they would award the contract, have the permits, and
close the Golf Course for the remainder of FY 2015. A two month extension
was requested to move forward with the contract and the permit.

Trish Mulvey was concerned about the Least Environmentally Damaging
Practicable Alternative (LEDPA) for the flood project related to the Golf
Course because there were regulatory and resource agencies dealing with
endangered species. She requested a relocation of the Golf Course levees.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to:

1. Approve, and conditionally authorize the City Manager or his designee to
   execute the attached contract with Duininck, Inc. in the amount of
   $8,987,809 for the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course Reconfiguration
   Project, Capital Improvement Program Project PG-13003;




06/23/2014                                                       115- 191
