spread to surrounding areas. He inquired whether community outreach
listed in Step Number 3 should be conducted prior to the community survey.

Ms. Sullivan reported community outreach conducted in Step Number 1
would be informal while formal outreach would be conducted in Step Number
3.

Council Member Berman asked if residents would vote between Step
Numbers 1 and 3.

Ms. Sullivan noted the occupancy study and the follow-up survey would
occur between Step Numbers 1 and 3.

Council Member Berman suggested robust community outreaches occur prior
to a community vote in order to provide the most information for residents.
He inquired about the reasons for having outreach to the business
community in Step Numbers 1 and 3.

Ms. Sullivan explained that the intent of outreach in Step Number 1 was to
make businesses or the source of intrusion aware of a potential RPP
Program.

Council Member Berman asked if outreach would be conducted for each
proposed District.

Ms. Sullivan reported outreach would be specific to each District and would
be conducted for each proposed RPP District.

Council Member Berman felt outreach to a source of intrusion would be
difficult in the Downtown area, because it had a more dispersed source of
impact.

Ms. Gitelman agreed some areas would be challenging. Outreach was
included in Step Number 1 because Staff wanted neighborhood advocates to
consider how they would connect with employees and businesses that an
RPP Program would affect. Staff could help convene conversations between
the different interest groups.

Council Member Berman inquired whether it would be possible to issue a
different number of permits for homes with driveways or garages.

Ms. Gitelman believed that could be considered. Such an option would have
to be resolved in each District rather than in a Citywide Ordinance.




                                                                      Page 14 of 19
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/27/2014
