                             MINUTES

Council Member Price asked what Staff was looking to take away from the
meeting.

Mr. Pirnejad said the goal would be to review the existing structures and see
how they could be encouraged, incentivized, or mandated to be EV ready
when they were upgraded or remodeled.

James Keene, City Manager, believed the comment from some of the Task
Force members was for the issue to return to the Task Force for refining
prior to being submitted to the Policy & Services Committee.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

22.   Resolution 9434 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorize the Placement of a Ballot Measure on the November 4,
      2014 General Election to Increase the City’s Transient Occupancy Tax
      (TOT) by Two Percent and Modernize TOT Ordinance to Ensure Equal
      Treatment of Traditional and Online Bookings.”

Molly Stump, City Attorney, announced Staff would be recommending the
Council direct them to return with a minor modification to the Ballot question
on the Utilities Users Tax (UUT). Specifically, the Telephone Tax Clean-Up
item where the Council voted to reduce the tax.

Shakarie Byerly, FM3, provided a brief presentation regarding the polling
services on the UUT Measure. She recommended language clarification on
the Ballot Measure to heighten the approval rating throughout the
community.

Herb Borock noted his concern with the Ballot question included the
examples of what the tax funds would be used for. He did not feel it was
appropriate to include the spending as it may sway the voters on items that
the funds would not actually spent on.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to adopt
the At Places revised Resolution calling for a special election to increase the
City’s Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) by two percentage points and update
the TOT Ordinance to confirm equal treatment of traditional and online
bookings.

Council Member Berman asked if FM3 took into account the low turnout
during the Primary Election during their polling.


06/16/2014                                                             115- 177
