First, Staff proposed drafting strategies for programs with the consultant
reaching out to the community and developing a Steering Committee. The
Steering Committee would be composed of business and residential interests
that had a vested interest in the success of a TMA. During phase 1, Staff
would collect data to determine a baseline for existing TDM programs.
Phase 2 would cover a two-year period wherein the Steering Committee
would develop a work plan and operating budget and identify funding
sources. Also the Steering Committee would develop regulations for new
businesses and developments to fund the TMA, develop additional programs,
and consider the actual structure of a TMA. During phase 3, the TMA would
become self-sustaining and would monitor and evaluate transportation
programs. The TMA would have a governance structure with bylaws and
membership and community outreach. The TMA could manage the shuttle
program, which supported the satellite parking concepts. She presented a
map of potential routes.      A Request for Proposals (RFP) would allow
respondents to add or delete routes and to offer alternative cost-effective
solutions and performance measures. The TMA could also manage a car
sharing program. Staff identified 20 locations for prime car share leasing
opportunities. Ride share applications matched riders with drivers. Staff
engaged with SAP to pilot SAP's TwoGo ride share app. Staff recommended
providing Caltrain Go Passes to Civic Center employees who turned in their
parking passes. A nine-month trial program would cost approximately
$58,000, but could save approximately $100,000 annually over a 30-year
period.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated Staff's proposals met the action
theme of Our Palo Alto. Staff was attempting to identify programs to
respond to traffic, parking, and development issues affecting the community.
In the interests of informing and engaging the public and the Council, Staff
presented these concepts to the Council for discussion. The Council could
discuss programs and take action individually or as a whole. If time was
short, the Council could forego discussion of the ride share application.

Chop Keenan believed parking supply and TDM were predicate acts to having
an effective RPP Program. Staff's proposals emphasized use of shuttles
rather than creation of parking supply. At the TDM Study Session, speakers
indicated cabs were preferred over shuttles and were financially more
advantageous.

Vice Mayor Kniss referred to Mr. Keenan's work with Contra Costa County's
TMA, and inquired if he thought a TMA in Palo Alto could function with two
employees.




02/24/2014                                                           114- 328
