                               MINUTES
Mr. Rossmann noted the Fire Department added a third ambulance and
moved from basic life support to advanced life support. A Budget proposal
discussed the impacts of that, including staffing changes and revenue
changes.

Council Member Price inquired whether the Budget proposal addressed the
issue of people unable to pay for services.

Mr. Rossmann indicated lack of payment was not specifically addressed. The
Finance Committee would discuss EMS fees as a starting point.

Council Member Price asked if Council Members should inquire about details
of department budgets.

Mr. Keene remarked that Staff was presenting an overview of and
orientation to the Proposed Budget.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that the Finance Committee had not reviewed the
Proposed Budget and requested Council Members not question details.

Mr. Keene invited non-Finance Committee Members to send questions to
Staff during the review process.     Questions and comments would be
reported to both the Finance Committee and the Council.

Council Member Price asked if the Proposed Budget contained funding for the
Infrastructure Management System (IMS).

Mr. Rossmann reported Public Works had completed requirements for IMS
and intended to issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) in late spring or early
summer 2014. Staff would provide an update to the Finance Committee as
part of the General Fund Capital overview section.

Council Member Price inquired about the Cost of Service Study.

Mr. Rossmann advised that Staff was beginning to establish cost recovery
levels for municipal fees. When Staff presented the Municipal Fee Schedule,
they would present a portion of that analysis. The Proposed Budget added
positions specifically to analyze the Cost of Service Study. Staff's goal was
to complete review of all fees by 2016.

Council Member Price asked if Staff allocated resources to complete the
analysis and implement the findings of the Cost of Service Study.

Mr. Rossmann replied yes. The Cost of Service Study originally considered
departments outside of Development Services activities.


05/06/2014                                                           114- 590
