                               MINUTES
percent City contribution.  If the growth rate was above 4 percent,
employees would have to pay additional costs.

Council Member Klein proposed a hypothetical scenario of a national 10
percent increase in medical expenses. Under the previous plan with SEIU,
the City would pay 8 of the 10 points. The agreement with SEIU would give
the City a more favorable split on the 10 percent increase than the 80/20
implied in the presentation.

Mr. Perez understood Council Member Klein was inquiring about the credit
for that transaction. Staff prepared the LRFF prior to Council approval of the
SEIU agreement and would adjust the LRFF with final numbers based on the
SEIU agreement.

Council Member Klein added that the City assumed the same agreement
could be made with other unions; however, the actual numbers were
currently unknown.

Mr. Perez agreed.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff could utilize some estimates for the
assumptions not contained in the LRFF as the lack of those numbers made
the LRFF difficult to use effectively. He also asked if Staff had a rough
estimate of the updated retiree healthcare plan actuarial valuation.

Mr. Perez would have an exact number in a few days. Staff would have
some of the numbers soon and would provide that data with a notation of
whether they were firm or an estimate.

Mr. Keene reported Staff could estimate the majority of the unknown
amounts. As Staff received information, they would update the LRFF.
Council decisions were also factored into the context of the overall LRFF.

Council Member Klein noted a few years previously Staff projected negatives
balances to FY 2020.

Mr. Perez concurred.

Council Member Klein suggested the Council and the public view the LRFF
with caution.

Mr. Keene did not place much confidence in the LRFF beyond two to three
years.

Council Member Price suggested Staff provide a range for assumptions not
included in the LRFF. She inquired whether Staff could provide more
information if they delayed preparing and presenting the LRFF.

                                  18                               April 7, 2014
