                      DRAFT MINUTES
included in Alternative 3 presented to the Council on August 6, 2014. When
Staff returned with further discussion of the Comprehensive Plan, they would
discuss how that could be accomplished.

Council Member Burt believed the Council's purpose for the meeting was to
discuss how much it should emphasize zoning changes as opposed to loading
everything into the Comprehensive Plan. Ms. Gitelman advised that if
zoning changes were significant, then the environmental review process for
zoning changes could be as cumbersome as the Comprehensive Plan EIR.
The Council discussed returning for a better understanding of zoning
changes that might be possible outside the Comprehensive Plan. Those
zoning changes could affect zoning sites and the Zoning Code. He inquired
whether Number 4 in the Staff Report, consider potential changes to the
commercial portions of the Zoning Code and Zoning Map that warrant
additional study, was the topic of the Study Session.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes. Staff understood on August 6 that the Council
wanted to brainstorm changes to the commercial sections of the Zoning
Code and the Zoning Map.

Council Member Burt stated implementing zoning changes through the
Comprehensive Plan Update could require several years. On August 6, the
Council discussed the need to understand what it could and could not do
with respect to zoning changes without a major delay. He anticipated the
Council would receive some guidance regarding zoning changes from Staff.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council's actions would be guided by the turnaround
time for potential zoning changes. If Staff received a list of potential zoning
changes by the end of the evening, then they could return to the Council and
provide timeframes and implications for making zoning changes.

Council Member Burt understood the discussion would center around
changes that could be made outside the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, noted the item moved and agendized focused on
commercial zoning. There could be some incidental discussion of housing
and residential zoning; however, the item as noticed focused on commercial
zoning.

Council Member Burt was interested in reducing commercial zoning density
Downtown and replacing it with residential zoning to some degree. That
would not be a wholesale change. Each change should allow adjustments to
determine impacts on development. He wanted to know what actions could
be taken in those areas, determine appropriate locations, and understand
the degree to which zoning should be adjusted for residential and
                                                                           Page 4 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
