                             MINUTES
     Code Section 2.08.150 Titled “Department of Administrative Services”
     and Section 2.28.090, titled “Lapse of Appropriations” to Clarify Roles
     for Reviewing Fiscal Procedures and Roles of City Auditor and
     Administrative Services Department and Lapse of Appropriations.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Council Review of Draft Ordinance Creating a Business Registry; Policy
     Direction Regarding Business Registry Questionnaire and Update on
     Staff’s Implementation Plan.

Mayor Shepherd recalled in February 2014 the Council directed Staff to
create a plan for a Business Registry Program that was online, simple to use,
and charged a fee intended to recover costs. The purpose was to generate
information from businesses to better quantify the City's business
information. In April the Council directed Staff to proceed with an annual
Business Registry Certificate (BRC) Ordinance and fee program.

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager, reported the City
lacked basic data from Palo Alto businesses. The lack of data could be
addressed through the creation of a Business Registry. Potential uses of
such data were widespread and included transportation planning and
economic development, emergency response and preparedness, and
business outreach.     On April 29, 2014 the Council directed Staff to
implement a two-phase approach. In Phase 1, Staff proposed developing a
cost recovery BRC Ordinance and software, performing outreach and
education, developing a plan for enforcement, and launching the program by
the end of calendar year 2014. In Phase 2, Staff proposed integrating
business data with other sources of data and exploring options for enhancing
enforcement and the program itself. Staff requested the Council review and
provide input regarding businesses that could be exempt and companies
with multiple locations within Palo Alto; and approve the plan for software
development and implementation. Funding through a Budget Amendment
Ordinance (BAO) would be presented to the Council as early as October 6,
2014. The Ordinance focused on a fixed place of business. By definition,
businesses that occupied commercial spaces did not include home-based
businesses or businesses without a fixed location in Palo Alto. The intent of
the Ordinance was to require businesses to renew the BRC annually, to post
notice in a conspicuous place, and to pay fees for not securing or renewing a
BRC. In addition, the Ordinance would indicate which businesses, if any,
were exempt from obtaining a BRC and/or for which businesses fees were
waived. Per Council direction, software should be web-based, provide a
                                                                       Page 10 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
