MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the minutes of December 16, 2013.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

Joe Hirsch noted the first reading of Agenda Item Number 11 indicated
Chapter 18.15 rather than Chapter 18.14.          He urged the Planning
Department to review the Floor Area Ratio (FAR) percentage in the
residential Density Bonus Ordinance.      Given a particular zone and a
particular number of units, increasing the FAR would increase the size of
units which seemed to be counter to the idea of smaller affordable units.

Stephanie Munoz suggested the size of affordable units be smaller. She
requested the Council consider restricting a complex to low-income people
who did not own cars. That would remove many objections to low-income
housing. The City needed Vice Mayor Kniss to stand up to the State of
California and the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) to stop
density bonus.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, reported the title of Agenda Item Number 11 was
corrected to indicate Chapter 18.15. The Resolution contained within the
Council Packet had the correct information.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-13.

Council Member Klein recorded a no vote on Agenda Item Numbers 10 and
11.

3.   Approval of the Renewal of a Public-Private Partnership Agreement
     Between the City of Palo Alto and West Bay Opera for the Use of the
     Lucie Stern Community Theatre.

4.   Approval of the Renewal of a Public-Private Partnership Agreement
     Between the City of Palo Alto and TheatreWorks for the Use of the Lucie
     Stern Community Theatre.

5.   Approval of an Amendment to the Agreement with the Palo Alto
     Recreation Foundation, to Include $5,000 Funding to Support the
     Coordination of the 2014 World Music Day Event.


                                                                       Page 4 of 19
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/27/2014
