                             MINUTES
from stakeholders ranging from community emergency services volunteers
to Stanford University and Stanford Health Care. Staff compiled all feedback
into the THIRA report. According to Comprehensive Preparedness Guide
(CPG) 201, all communities should comply with the national preparedness
goal of all members of a community forming a team to develop 31 core
capabilities. Risk was viewed on a continuum of natural, technological, and
human-caused disasters. The THIRA Report would be revised completely
every two years. Based on the plan, Staff sought to organize and train
people, obtain equipment, and conduct exercises. Stakeholders and the
consultant identified threats of earthquake, severe weather/flooding,
airplane accident, hazardous waste/material spill, urban fire, wild land fire,
major crime, cyber-attack, hostage/assassin, sabotage, and workplace
violence. Staff had to be aware of all risks in the greater area because of
mutual aid agreements. Soft story and unreinforced masonry buildings were
known to be problematic in a seismic event. The THIRA Report made
extensive recommendations; however, the primary recommendation was to
update the Emergency Operations Plan (EOP) to align with current Federal
guidelines. The City recently received a $100,000 emergency planning grant
to update the EOP in concert with Los Altos, Mountain View, and Sunnyvale.
OES supported more than 100 events in 2014 and 400 volunteers
throughout the community.

Dennis Burns, Police Chief, advised that the computer-aided dispatch system
with Los Altos, Mountain View, and Stanford University was completed in
March 2014. The second phase was underway. Residential burglaries had
decreased in 2014. A second School Resource Office was placed in service in
January 2014. New police cars were due to arrive shortly. A new in-car
camera system was operational in all patrol cars. The Police and Public
Works Departments continued to search for a site for the new Public Safety
Building.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief, indicated the risk of wild land fire continued to be
high. Staff opened the Foothills Fire Station early because of the increased
risk for fire. The Department was implementing some aspects of the
Community Driven Strategic Plan. In 2015 the Department would celebrate
the 40th Anniversary of the Palo Alto Fire Paramedics. As of early 2015,
every Palo Alto Fire apparatus would have a minimum of one paramedic.
The Department was working with alarm companies and the industry to
respond appropriately to fire alarms; the vast majority of fire alarms
resulted from equipment malfunctions rather than fires. Computer-aided
dispatch had been a great benefit to the Fire Department. The Department
planned to hire a public educator to work with senior and youth populations
to reduce risk of injury and fire.

                                                                         Page 2 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
