                      DRAFT MINUTES
Design Guiding Principles should incorporate state of the art bird-friendly
designs and develop innovative approaches to management of native and
non-native predators. She did not want an aesthetically beautiful bridge
that was incompatible with the Baylands. Design teams and the jury should
include a wildlife biologist.

Allen Rejaie, HNTB, was interested in the design competition. HNTB wanted
to ask questions about qualifications and follow development of the
competition process.

Brit Lindberg, American Institute of Architects Santa Clara Valley Chapter
President, supported the guidance of the AIACC in the design competition.

Martin Bernstein, speaking as an individual, remarked that experience with
bridge design and construction was a structural issue. Any design team
could include a structural engineer if its design was accepted by the jury.
The Council should not include a requirement of one bridge in ten years.

Council Member Price felt design criteria and goals were critical to the
process. She supported the requirement that design teams have experience
with at least one bridge. AIACC had an exemplary reputation, experience
with scores of juried competitions and design awards, and was
knowledgeable. The City would be well served by having this expertise
working with Staff.

Council Member Klein was intrigued by whether to have three or four
finalists. He inquired whether three or four finalists were typical and
whether four finalists would increase complexity of the process.

Ms. O’Driscoll believed the City would be equally served with three or four
finalists. The question was the number of choices and ideas the Council
wished to submit to the community.

Council Member Klein requested the usual number of finalists in design
competitions.

Ms. O’Driscoll replied generally three.

Council Member Klein asked if four finalists cost more than three.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director, advised that four finalists
would cost an additional $20,000.

Council Member Klein was not persuaded that four finalists would improve
the process. He requested Staff comment on the Sierra Club's request for
additional criteria.
                                                                         Page 17 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
