                       DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Scharff indicated public comment would occur at PARC,
P&TC, and Council meetings prior to the Council making a final decision.
Many people would not participate on the jury if deliberations were public.

Mr. Keene stated the Council would not cede authority to the jury to make
the final selection. The Council could choose a design not recommended by
the jury.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the Amendment pertained to the jury selecting the
three finalists or one of the three finalists.

Council Member Berman responded to select the three finalists.

Mr. Eggleston clarified that invitations would be extended to at least 20
firms. The jury would narrow those firms to three finalists. The three
finalists would receive stipends to develop concepts. Concepts from the
three finalists would be submitted to joint ARB and jury deliberations at a
public meeting.      The Council was considering whether the jury's
deliberations would be public or private.

Council Member Klein remarked that the Council decided various personnel
topics in public. Arguments for private deliberations were the same ones
made 30-40 years ago when the Council changed to public appointments.
Because the Council would most likely follow the jury's recommendation, the
Council and public should understand the thought process of the jury.

Council Member Burt agreed with Council Member Klein.              Selection of a
finalist in private did not follow the Council's public process.

Council Member Berman clarified that he wanted private jury deliberations
with respect to narrowing designs from 20 to 3.        He withdrew his
Amendment.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN

Mayor Shepherd concurred that public clarity was necessary. She hoped the
design competition would be fun for the community.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

Mayor Shepherd reported Agenda Item Number 9 was time sensitive. She
did not believe discussion of Agenda Item Number 10 would require much
time.

Mr. Keene did not believe Agenda Item Number 10 was time sensitive and
could be continued.
                                                                              Page 28 of 40
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                   Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
