                     DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Scharff preferred to continue the Closed Session.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the Closed Session was time
sensitive.

Mr. Keene indicated it was not time sensitive.

Mayor Shepherd reported Agenda Item Number 11- CONFERENCE WITH
LABOR NEGOTIATORS City Designated Representatives: City Manager and
his designees pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James
Keene, Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Kathryn Shen, Sandra Blanch, Dania Torres
Wong) Unrepresented Employee Group: Management, Professional and
Confidential Employees Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a),
was continued to September 15, 2014.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the California League of Cities
recognized the City with Spotlight Awards for leadership on energy savings
and for efforts related to natural gas savings and with a Beacon Award for
leadership in climate change and sustainability.

Mayor Shepherd noted the City's achievements far surpassed other cities'
achievements.

Mr. Keene advised that the Palo Alto Emergency Services Volunteer Program
was looking for members.       On September 20, 2014, the Community
Emergency Disaster Exercise would be based on a severe winter storm with
a local flooding scenario. The California League of Cities recognized Peter
Pirnejad, Development Services Director, for his service as President of the
California League of Cities Planning and Community Development
Department. The City received a mostly favorable letter from the California
Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD) regarding the
draft Housing Element Update. Caltrain would upgrade traffic control signal
equipment at the intersections of Alma Street and Churchill Avenue on
September 9, 2014 and Alma Street and East Meadow Drive on September
11, 2014. The temporary Mitchell Park Library would close permanently on
September 26, 2014.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

David Carnahan, Deputy City Clerk, indicated the City was recruiting for two
positions on the Architectural Review Board, four positions on the Historic
Resources Board, and two positions on the Planning and Transportation
Commission. He reviewed requirements for the positions.
                                                                        Page 13 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
