                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene added that the impact of an annual cap could not be studied
without setting a specific cap. Staff could not proceed with the detailed
phase of analysis until the Council set an annual cap.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the length of the analysis process.

Ms. Gitelman answered five months according to the current schedule.

Council Member Scharff asked about the effect of obtaining additional
community input on the length of the analysis process.

Ms. Gitelman indicated delaying the analysis process a month to further
deliberate would simply move the end of the process a month.

Council Member Scharff inquired about advantages to beginning analysis
while obtaining additional input and whether scenarios could be modified
once analysis began.

Ms. Gitelman could begin analysis of Scenarios 1, 2 and 3 while obtaining
additional outreach and information for Scenario 4. Hopefully Scenario 4
would catch up in the analysis process after discussion of performance
measures.

Mr. Keene noted Staff would need Council direction regarding a cap for
Scenarios 2 and 3. Staff could present data and options and the Council
could obtain community input and set a cap in the current meeting.
Alternatively, Staff could identify and obtain more input regarding Scenarios
2 and 3.

Council Member Scharff wanted Staff to obtain community input regarding a
cap. Analysis did not have to begin immediately.

Council Member Burt recalled his question from the August 4, 2014 meeting
regarding Staff's rationale that input from three meetings was sufficient to
bracket the scenarios for a consequential document. He asked if Staff
wished to provide further comment.

Ms. Gitelman would be happy to provide the Council with metrics regarding
meeting participants. The Council was aware Staff solicited interest in and
selected participants for a Leadership Group. The focus of the group would
be community engagement. The Council received significant input from
renters and young people, which were two groups the Council requested
Staff target. The Leadership Group committed to meet with Staff on a
monthly basis to help shape engagement strategies.


                                                                        Page 5 of 25
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes 08/06/14
