                            MINUTES
COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Shepherd provided copies of the Resolution regarding people
trafficking to the Police Chief and City Attorney for review.

Council Member Holman reported the Architecture Review Committee for the
Pedestrian Bicycle Bridge received 20 proposals and selected three. The
selection exercise was impressive.

Mayor Shepherd advised that Mr. Eggleston was timing the launch of the
Pedestrian Bicycle Bridge project to coincide with completion of the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) process.

Council Member Holman added that project architects were receiving only
stipends for their expenses.

Council Member Price indicated the EIR for the El Camino Real Bus Rapid
Transit had been distributed. Public meetings were scheduled for November
20, 2014 at 8:30 A.M. and 5:30 P.M. Comments were due December 15,
2014. With respect to a potential bond measure in 2014, a process was
established based on the existing committee structure at the Santa Clara
Valley Transportation Authority (VTA). VTA Directors felt the process was
not sufficiently representative and expressed those comments at a
workshop. Subsequently Envisioning Silicon Valley initiated a new process
for a measure in 2016. Within a potential 2014 measure, funds were largely
allocated for freeway grade separations. A few people addressed the need
for additional funds for Caltrain grade separations with Mr. Guardino, and
the conversation continued.

Mayor Shepherd announced a joint Study Session with VTA regarding Bus
Rapid Transit was scheduled for November 17, 2014.

Council Member Schmid advised that a Santa Clara Valley Water District
Commission discussion of the drought raised the issue of the Plan Bay Area
forecast for 2 million new residents in the Bay Area over the next 30 years.
The Commissioner reported the Association of Bay Area Governments
(ABAG) invited a representative to participate in the updated forecast.

Council Member Burt requested Staff clarify the scope of the VTA Bus Rapid
Transit EIR as it affected the segment of El Camino Real within Palo Alto
prior to the Study Session. The VTA notice was ambiguous as to whether
the EIR included lane dedications in Palo Alto.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the EIR provided four different scenarios for Palo
Alto and one scenario included a dedicated lane.

11/03/2014                                                           116- 66
