                        FINAL MINUTES
Park that included additional play equipment, increased accessibility, and
rubberized play surfaces. There was a restroom built at the Briones Park
and the City worked with Open Space Staff at Byxbee Park to construct
another mile of shared use maintenance and public trail, which was
reclaimed by landfill closure that was ordered by the City Council. There
were five wells that were part of the emergency water supply system that
were rehabilitated. The City expected these wells to be complete by the end
of December 2013, along with the new El Camino Real Reservoir well that
was installed. The City opened a Household Hazardous Waste Facility in
September 2013 and Staff began the Bonde Weir Fish Passage Project along
the creek.    Regarding Technology and the Connected City, there was
renewed interest on a City-wide Fiber-to-the-Premise and Wireless networks.
The existing Dark Fiber networks were built out to include Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD); all 18 networks were targeted to be completed and
connected to the network by February 2014. Cogswell Plaza was part of the
renovation and installation for free Wi-Fi. The City installed a powerful high-
speed Wi-Fi service as a test for speed and reliability, which would be
deployed throughout the City. In 2013, the City launched the Palo Alto
Mobile application “311”, which enabled people to report Public Works
related issues 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The Event City Camp
Palo Alto was launched and was part of the Nation’s first national day of civic
hacking.     The City brought together local government leaders and
organizations to focus on civic innovation in the application of technology.
The City took the Geographic Information System (GIS) data and
incorporated it into a data platform that made GIS data more accessible for
the community and enabled it to be converted into developer related
applications. This data included public tree information, paving and utility
project information, land-use information, and permitting information. The
Children’s Theatre went to on-line ticketing systems and as a result, there
was more than a 50 percent increase in youth participation in events. A
Smart Grid pilot was instituted that involved giving residents access to
advanced meters to monitor their usage and to enable the City to better
track and make adjustments to their meters. Half of the Cities Light
Emitting Diode (LED) Streetlight converters were installed; Staff anticipated
having all the high pressure sodium street lights installed by the summer of
2014, which amounted to 85 percent of the Cities street lights.              He
encouraged people to follow the Police Department Twitter, as they have
been keeping the community up-to-date. Palo Alto was one of the few
entities that accomplished 100 percent Carbon Neutral Electricity. There
were a range of initiatives instituted that were related to the Palo Alto Solar
Programs, such as Palo Alto Green, Palo Alto Clean Local Energy Accessible
Now Program. The City developed a new policy that required electric vehicle
charging; there were about 100 new homes that were approved for vehicle
                                                                           Page 4 of 11
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 01/06/14
