                      FINAL MINUTES
City's total RHNA requirement for the current cycle was 1,988 units.
Typically HCD required a jurisdiction to provide surplus sites. The Regional
Housing Mandate Committee (RHMC) suggested Staff submit a draft Housing
Element containing fewer than the 200 units suggested as a surplus. The
City's total housing requirement was 2,188 units. Of the 2,188 units, 1,379
units could be carried forward from the existing Housing Element. Many
units were either built or in the pipeline. The unmet need totaled 369 units.
Staff developed a spreadsheet to test different methods for reaching the
unmet need.

Tim Wong, Senior Planner, indicated Staff prepared a site tool to encourage
public input regarding the unmet need. Within the tool, sites were organized
into tiers. Tiers were ranked according to the ease with which they could be
implemented. Tier 1 was comprised of residential second units, which were
allowed "by right" in R-1 zoning. Over the eight-year cycle of the Housing
Element, typically 32 units would be produced and could be applied against
the unmet need. HCD would easily accept second units. Second units would
be deemed as moderate or above-moderate with respect to affordability.
The Fry's site, Tier 2, contained slightly less than 12 1/2 acres and was
zoned RM-30. Using a realistic site capacity of 20 units per acre, the site
would yield a total of 249 units. The existing Housing Element identified 75
units at the Fry's site; therefore, the Updated Housing Element could count
174 units towards unmet need. Tier 3 was comprised of 14 parcels on San
Antonio Avenue, zoned CS (Service Commercial) and not subject to the
Automotive Dealership (AD) overlay. These parcels were chosen because
housing was allowed by right as part of a mixed-use development. At 20
units per acre, the 14 parcels could produce 168 units.          Tier 4 was
comprised of California Avenue surface parking lots. To rezone the parking
lots for housing would require an amendment of the Comprehensive Plan.
The parking lots could produce 60 units. Tier 5 was comprised of University
Avenue surface parking lots. The lots would require rezoning and could
produce 37 units.       Tier 6 was comprised of residentially zoned sites
containing long-term, established, non-residential uses. The Achieve Kids
School on Middlefield Road was zoned RM-30. Converting it to housing was
not likely.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if the school was located on City or County of Santa
Clara (County) property.

Mr. Wong reported it was located within the City's jurisdiction.

Vice Mayor Kniss suggested the property was leased from the County.



                                                                             Page 6 of 14
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 06/04/14
