                              MINUTES
reasonable range of Comprehensive Plan options; 2) analyze an alternative
that responsibly planned to accommodate the City's share of projected
regional job and housing growth through 2030 and did not artificially
depress such growth through annual caps and unrealistic net zero concepts;
and 3) analyze use of 27 University Avenue to support transit growth and
accessibility to the key transit area along with potential for other appropriate
uses. The Comprehensive Plan Update EIR should study a responsibly
planned, transit-oriented action alternative that would clearly allow the City
to accommodate its appropriate share of job and housing growth projected
for the region for 2030. Such an alternative was likely to show great
environmental impacts before mitigation than would Scenario Numbers 2, 3,
and 4.

Michael Griffin wished to combine components of all four scenarios into one
scenario. He preferred a scenario that would slow the pace of development
while depressing Caltrain tracks below grade.             Development of
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Programs, offsite parking, and
Residential Parking Permit Programs were not included in any scenario.
Some of these items might be placed in a specific plan that focused on
particular neighborhoods or topics.

Dan Garber reported the population of Santa Clara County was expected to
increase by nearly 150,000 by 2025. Traffic projections of regional growth
dwarfed the impacts of any large projects being proposed or currently being
built. Dramatically increasing the density of Downtown in an uncontrolled
manner was not a panacea, nor was no growth or slow growth.

Shani Kleinhaus, Audubon Society and Sierra Club, requested no mixed use
or residential development east, north, and Bayside of Highway 101. As an
individual, she felt Scenario Number 4 was unclear as to how it would allow
more growth and requested it be removed as an alternative. The concept of
net zero should be applied as a mitigation for any alternative.

Sandra Slater envisioned Palo Alto as a safe, inspiring, accessible, human-
centric, and healthy City. The Council should plan for a Palo Alto that
encouraged commercial development and increased affordable housing near
transportation. She encouraged the Council to develop an integrated and
robust transportation system that utilized and encouraged all forms of
transportation.

David Coale agreed with the net zero concepts in Scenario Number 4,
because Scenario Number 4 was the most sustainable plan for growth and
was consistent with State law. This was an opportunity to move forward
with a livable, sustainable City and a higher quality of life.


                                                                          Page 19 of 24
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 08/04/14
