                      DRAFT MINUTES
Eric Rosenblum felt rezoning key areas prior to updating the Comprehensive
Plan would be a mistake. The Council should consider issues holistically
rather than piecemeal.     He was inspired by Council Member Schmid's
comments regarding residential spaces near services.

Kate Downing thanked Staff for finding ways to address parking issues
immediately without great cost. The Council was moving away from the
Comprehensive Plan and toward spot zoning. The discussion appeared to pit
retail against housing and jobs. A good compromise would be to allow retail
on bottom and office on top in two-, three-, and four-story buildings.

Martin Bernstein, speaking as an individual, believed travel time rather than
traffic was the issue. A sentence in the Zoning Code stated residential
spaces in upper floors along University Avenue was a prohibited use. The
Council should entertain potential zoning changes in a Study Session.

Mayor Shepherd indicated Olenka Villareal would be allowed to speak even
though she was not addressing the Study Session.

Olenka Villareal, Friends of the Magical Bridge Playground, presented the
Council with a final check. She informed Council Friends of the Magical
Bridge raised all needed funds and construction had begun on the park. She
thanked the Council for their support and encouragement. Peter Jensen, the
Landscape Architect Park Planner from Public Works tirelessly managed the
project, which was on schedule and under budget.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, commended Staff for a comprehensive
approach to transportation planning, traffic, and parking.     The holistic
process for the Comprehensive Plan was good and valuable. A holistic
review of economics, transportation, and housing would be beneficial.

Robert Moss advised that the State Density Bonus Law and Stanford
University were pushing development in Palo Alto.          The Council must
consider those external pressures and prevent them from overwhelming City
planning. The Council should consider reducing FAR in all zones; reducing
height, density, and setbacks in all zones; retaining ground-floor retail to the
maximum extent possible; and allowing less office space in CS and CN
Zones.

J. Craig Holland received the impression that the Council wished to complete
the Comprehensive Plan while the Council was in office. That was not a
good idea, since the Council did not appear to have confidence in the City.
He suggested not completing the Comprehensive Plan until the next Council
had been elected.

                                                                           Page 11 of 40
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
