Council Member Burt explained that his questions concerned issues of a
TMA.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that the Eco Pass program would probably cost
more than $18,000 if offered to all City employees. The Go Pass proposal
was to offer Go Passes to Civic Center employees only.

Council Member Burt asked why Eco Passes would be given to all City
employees; whereas, Go Passes would be limited to Downtown employees.

Mr. Rodriguez reported a Go Pass program could be focused to Civic Center
employees at a cost of $19,000-$20,000.

Council Member Burt inquired about the number of Civic Center employees.

Mr. Rodriguez replied 525 employees. Staff did not recommend an Eco Pass
program initially, because Staff wanted to offer a program that would
respond to the City Council's request to reduce permit demand. Slightly
more than 50 employees utilized the Caltrain program.        Two regular
employees who were not employed at the Civic Center utilized Eco Passes.
As TDM programs for City employees expanded, Staff should consider the
Eco Pass program. In this specific instance for Downtown parking, the Eco
Pass was not a logical choice.

Mr. Keene added that Staff made a forced choice in identifying a program
that would reduce parking permit demand. Given the unfamiliar nature of
taking the bus rather than Caltrain, employees might not choose to swap
parking permits for bus passes.

Council Member Burt recommended Staff survey employees to determine
their anticipated actions. TMA responsibilities included bicycling; however,
the Downtown area was not bike friendly. He wanted Downtown bike
improvements added to the initiative.

Council Member Schmid believed a TMA program was a positive step forward
and a good long-term investment. Parking was a major issue in land use.
The Council was beginning the discussion with the parking issue rather than
the contextual pieces of the Comprehensive Plan and the Downtown CAP
Study. The Council did not have basic data.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Member Schmid address his comments
to the Motion.

Council Member Schmid noted Staff provided various models of TDM
Districts, but the models led the Council in very different directions. The
Council did not have a context of which model was appropriate for Palo Alto.

02/24/2014                                                           114- 335
