                             MINUTES
Council Member Price asked if the goal of combining high standards for
design and appropriate incentives would be included in a specific planning
process to address the guidelines for development and realization of the
goals for the subareas.

Ms. Gitelman proposed covering only the Fry's site in the site-specific plan.
The remainder of the area would be covered by the Plan, other policies in
the Comprehensive Plan, and by zoning.

Council Member Price understood the details would focus on the Fry's site as
a significant mixed-use site. The current language of the Plan provided Staff
with a great deal of flexibility. To support a grant application, the Council
needed more intensive information.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed critical elements were economic analysis and data.
She worried about mixed-use zoning, because it had not always been
successful in the community. She strongly supported the grant.

Council Member Scharff was relieved to know the Council was not making a
commitment by applying for the grant. He did not want the community to
think that applying for the grant predetermined the outcome. The City was
saving money by applying for the grant.

Mayor Shepherd stated many people believed the Council prepared a
Housing Element in order to receive grants. The Council had to prepare a
Housing Element because it was State mandated. The grant focused on an
area of community angst. She wanted the California Avenue area to be
designed more specifically.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Keene reported the Council provided many helpful comments covering
many topics. Staff would need more time to research and to organize
information. The Council was attempting to prepare the Plan for release to
the public and for integration with the EIR. He wondered whether a follow-
up session in a few weeks would be acceptable.

Ms. Gitelman advised Staff was attempting to structure conversations to
embark on the next phase of the Comprehensive Plan. If the Council could
provide its questions to Staff, then Staff would respond at the May 5, 2014
Study Session. After that discussion, perhaps Staff could judge the amount
of time needed to embark on the next phase.



04/21/2014                                                           114- 496
