                     FINAL MINUTES
recommendations by a Council Committee. Another possibility was periodic
meetings between the Mayor and Chairs of the P&TC and Architectural
Review Board (ARB) to coordinate matters on future agendas of each body.
A brief quarterly meeting of these leaders and the Director of Planning and
Community Environment could shed light on work that needed to be done.
The P&TC stood ready to work more proactively on issues that might benefit
from specialized focus.

Council Member Burt was intrigued by the idea of an executive summary of
P&TC actions. That could be implemented on a trial basis. He could agree
to certain low-level items being placed on the Consent Calendar with a
unanimous P&TC vote for a trial period. He was interested in a closer
adherence to existing Codes and in developing a process to review the
comprehensive impacts of development, planning, and transportation.

Council Member Schmid felt adding an executive summary would be good.
The most important role of the P&TC was helping the Council with planning
and setting goals and priorities for the future. The P&TC could assist the
Council with bounding scenarios, quantitative measures of growth for Palo
Alto, and development caps. He wanted to see regular monitoring of growth
and annual assessments of important data.

Council Member Holman agreed an executive summary would be helpful.
Whether to place items on the Consent Calendar would depend on the item;
however, proposed Planned Community (PC) Zones or large development
projects should not be placed on the Consent Calendar. Having leaders
confer would be appropriate. She suggested the P&TC provide the Council
with a memorandum regarding emerging issues, trends, and opportunities.
She suggested the P&TC consider helpful information provided in Staff
Reports and other information it needed. She wanted more people to attend
P&TC meetings. Because some large projects were not reviewed by the
P&TC or Council, she inquired whether the P&TC would consider adjusting
the threshold for projects presented to the P&TC.

Commissioner Alcheck agreed that P&TC meetings had been poorly attended
in the past year. The public seemed to feel they only needed to appear at
Council meetings. Perhaps the Council should not review items unanimously
supported by the P&TC unless Council Members voted to remove an item
from the Consent Calendar. Maybe that would encourage the public to
attend P&TC meetings. The Council benefited from the diverse opinions of
the P&TC.      The P&TC had discussed methods to encourage public
participation.



                                                                         Page 2 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 10/20/14
