ACTION ITEMS

9.    Parking Supply Recommendations. Staff recommends that Council accept
      the Final Report on the Downtown Parking Garage Study and authorize staff
      to take the following actions aimed at increasing the parking supply in the
      University Avenue and California Avenue Business Districts: 1. Authorize
      staff to begin design and environmental review of a new parking garage
      (240 car capacity) on Lot G located on Gilman Avenue 2. Authorize staff to
      solicit qualification statements for public-private partnerships to increase
      parking supplies on at least one existing surface parking lot in the University
      Avenue area and one in the California Avenue Business District 3. Authorize
      staff to pursue planning grants and begin planning work for a new transit
      mall expansion with a 478-space parking garage on Urban Lane, in
      partnership with the property owner and the Joint Powers Authority 4.
      Authorize staff to begin design and environmental review of a 200-space
      satellite parking facility along Embarcadero Road – East of Geng Road-Faber
      Place and in the Bay Lands Athletic Center parking lot or a comparable
      alternate location(s), with supporting shuttle service to the University
      Avenue Business District 5. Authorize staff to expand parking permit sales to
      South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) Business District Employees at the Lot CC –
      Civic Center and Lot CW – Cowper Street/Webster Street parking garages 6.
      Authorize staff to solicit proposals for the installation of parking garage
      access and revenue controls aimed at collecting “real time” data on parking
      lot and garage occupancy, introducing flexibility for transferable permits
      between employees, and to support payment options for downtown visitors
      who park longer than three hours.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct staff to: 1) Solicit Proposals for Design & Environmental Review of a
Garage on Lot D for discussion & possible award in June, 2) Solicit Statements of
Interest/Qualifications for Public-Private Partnerships to increase Parking Supplies
on City-owned lots for discussion and direction in August, 3) Solicit Proposals for
Design & Environmental Review of 200-spaces of Satellite Parking for discussion &
possible award in June, 4) Authorize permit sales to SOFA Employees at Lot CC –
Civic Center immediately, 5) Solicit Proposals For Parking Technology – Access &
Revenue Control Equipment and Parking Guidance System for discussion and
possible award in August, and 6) Direct Staff to conduct monthly monitoring of
permit parking.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to divide the Motion into separate Motions.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 Kniss, Shepherd no


                                   3                     February 10, 2014
