SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Proclamation for Tsuchiura Students Visit to Palo Alto and Introduction
     of Marathon Runner for the 24th Kasumigaura Marathon.

Keiko Nakajima, Neighbors Abroad, introduced 16 guest students and 16
host students. Zachi Baharav, the marathon runner would represent Palo
Alto in the 24th Kasumigaura International Marathon in Tsuchiura on April
20, 2014.

Zachi Baharav, Marathon runner, thanked the Council and Neighbors Abroad
for the opportunity to participate in the Marathon. He would return with
photographs to show the community.

Ms. Nakajima indicated 16 junior high students from Tsuchiura arrived in
Palo Alto on March 14, 2014. Host families and the community gave
students a warm welcome at a barbeque. Students would depart Palo Alto
on March 23, 2014. In June 2014, 22 Palo Alto students and parents would
visit Tsuchiura.

Ms. Wada appreciated the invitation to visit Palo Alto. This was the 20th
anniversary of the student exchange program and the fifth anniversary of
the Sister City relationship between Tsuchiura and Palo Alto. Tsuchiura
welcomed more opportunities to interact with Palo Alto.

Mayor Shepherd thanked host families for opening their homes to exchange
students.

Vice Mayor Kniss read the Proclamation into the record.

4.   In Recognition of Valuable Contribution to Four Aspiring Journalists at
     Jordan Middle School for Producing a Video to Solicit and Encourage
     Input From the Community on Palo Alto's Core Values.

Claudia Keith, Chief Information Officer, thanked the students for their
creativity and assistance in developing the Core Values video.

Council reconvened to the Study Session on the 2013 Performance Report.

2.   City of Palo Alto FY 2013 Performance Report (formerly the Service
     Efforts and Accomplishments Report) and Citizen Centric Report.

Mayor Shepherd did not believe demographic data on page 9 was useful and
inquired whether Staff could provide better information.



                                                                       Page 7 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 03/17/14
