                              MINUTES

Tom DuBois was against extending the term limits and reducing the Council
seats. It was rare for incumbents to be voted out of office therefore creating
large government politics which Palo Alto did not need. Public trust would be
greatly improved if all of the current Council Members were excluded from
both proposed Charter Amendments. The City should have a single topic per
Ballot Item.

Tom Jordan spoke against reducing the Council seats. He recommended
Council monitor their speaking time to reduce the length of meetings. He
believed the lack of candidates was because of the hostility on the dais. The
proposal for extended term limits was from the Council not the community.

Robert Moss urged the Ballot items should be presented individually. The
size of the Council was not the efficient issue; it was a matter of the Council
Member’s not focusing on the items in front of them. He felt extending the
term limits to three terms was satisfactory to the community. To prevent the
implication of term limits being self-serving, the effective date should be
2016.

Herb Borock spoke of the Charter provision where the list of candidate
names and Ballot Measures be chosen by lot. The issue was it was lacking
any specifics of how, when, or where this should occur. He mentioned the
new Council Members could be sworn in by the City Clerk on the first
business day after the Registrar of Voters office certified the votes. There did
not need to be a ceremonial meeting. He opposed the reduction of Council
seats and extended term limits.

Stephanie Munoz stated reducing the Council seats would decrease the
ability to disagree with one another and maintain a majority.

Council Member Burt asked if the intention was to combine all of the topics
or separate them.

Mayor Shepherd explained that was the final matter to be discussed.

Council Member Burt stated his issue with the order was he may or may not
choose to support a topic depending on whether or not it was linked to
another. He suggested discussing the merit of placing the topics as a single
Measure.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to discuss whether Charter amendments should be combined or have
separate measures for voter consideration first.

06/16/2014                                                              115- 165
