                             MINUTES
governance and administration of Caltrain. Caltrain had grown too large for
one person to manage it and SamTrans and San Mateo County Transit
Authority.    He proposed a dialog regarding changes to Caltrain
administration and governance.

Senator Hill agreed a discussion would be timely with the retirement of
Caltrain's CEO. The original contract specified that Caltrain management
would be left to the County of San Mateo until the County of San Francisco
and Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) paid their portions of
the purchase price. The payments had been made; therefore, the point was
now moot. He had not heard that either VTA or the County of San Francisco
was interested in taking over management and operation of Caltrain.
Perhaps a dialog could begin with VTA and then the County of San Francisco.

Council Member Burt suggested an independent agency spanning all three
counties could be formed to operate Caltrain.

Senator Hill advised that funding was an issue for Caltrain. Caltrain could
better support one-third of a CEO's salary than all of it.

Council Member Scharff believed the existing governance of Caltrain lacked
transparency and public input.       He suggested the Caltrain Board be
structured in a manner similar to the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) Board.
Funding was another critical issue for Caltrain.

Senator Hill agreed a conversation about changes to Caltrain governance
would be good.      Most joint power authorities did not have direct
accountability.  The Caltrain Board was comprised of three members
appointed by each county, a professional member, a Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC) representative, and an advisory member.

Council Member Holman indicated that much of the dialog regarding housing
mandates concerned methodologies and assignments. Lost housing units
were not tracked, and there was no incentive to track or conserve lost
housing units. The threshold for counting at-risk units was exceedingly high.
Density Bonus Law concessions allowed development of additional office
space that exacerbated problems. Housing mandates were not concerned
with creating housing. She inquired whether there was any interest in
addressing the basic premises of housing mandate numbers.

Senator Hill explained that the Legislature had to create a one-size-fits-all
program. Housing mandates had not been refined to address specific issues.
Legislators needed to hear issues from constituents regularly.


                                                                        Page 4 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/06/14
