                             MINUTES
20.   Palo Alto History Museum’s Request for Funding and Approval of
      Transfer of Development Rights for the Roth Building.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Palo Alto History Museum Board (Board) had
worked with Staff to begin fundraising efforts in order to renovate the Roth
Building and operate a history museum. She reviewed strategies presented
to the Council.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer, advised that the Council last received an
update on March 24, 2014, when the Board requested a one-year extension
of the option to lease. The Council extended the option to June 30, 2014.
As planning approvals were set to expire at the end of December 2014, the
Board requested time in December for the Council to consider a funding
request.

James Keene, City Manager, had heard that a potential respondent to the
Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) sale had a project that was just
beyond the 500-foot boundary from his residence. While the project was
outside the radius from his residence, he felt it best to recuse himself from
the item.

Mayor Shepherd was unclear whether she could ethically participate in some
aspects of the discussion as the California Fair Political Practices Commission
(FPPC) had not responded to her question. She requested clarification from
the City Attorney.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported Council Members having questions
about conflicts of interest would need to make a judgment. Perhaps Council
Members would want to make a conservative judgment if they felt there
could be an issue.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Members felt they had a conflict of
interest.

Council Member Burt understood the item concerned a potential receiver for
the TDRs. He did not understand why the City or the Board would not utilize
an open bidding process. In that sense, he did not believe the Council was
determining that a given project within a geographic vicinity would be the
recipient of the TDRs. In all likelihood, the recipient would be located in
Downtown.

Ms. Stump indicated the City had a published policy and procedure on the
sale of City-owned TDRs. The policy and procedure called for a competitive
process; however, it allowed the City to set aside the results of that process
to select any bidder in the public interest.

12/15/2014                                                             116- 244
