            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
part of its investigation into technology, Staff engaged the Parking
Committee to discuss parking challenges in Palo Alto, specifically the
Downtown area. The Parking Committee identified challenges of under-
utilization of garages, over-parking in neighborhoods, inability to transfer
parking permits, lack of data for garages, lack of centralized parking
information, moving cars among color zones, and lack of parking options for
hourly workers. From the challenge discussion, Staff developed three goals:
improve parking controls, make parking easier, and develop solutions that
maintained the charm of Downtown. The Parking Committee made these
recommendations: improve branding and standardize sign installation for
Downtown garages; enhance the City's parking website; develop a
Downtown parking app; develop online permit sales; revise parking time
limits; expand permit pricing options; eliminate Downtown color zones;
introduce off-street paid parking options; and enhancement parking
enforcement. A Parking Guidance System (PGS) was one component of
signage and wayfinding. A few different technologies could perform this
work. The simplest technology was loop detectors which could be installed
within a garage. Dynamic signage would provide information regarding
permit parking and hourly parking. The second component for solicitation
would be Revenue and Access Control. Revenue and Access Controls had
many forms. One system could timestamp vehicles and provide data to PGS
technology. Revenue and Access Controls that utilized gates could be a
deterrent to patronage of Downtown businesses. License Plate Recognition
(LPR) was a new technology. A car could be driven into a garage with no
gate, receive a timestamp, and pay through a pay station or an invoice in
the mail. Another option was standalone meters at each parking space.
Staff preferred to work with consultants to determine which strategy best
supported the goals for Downtown garages. In the near term, Staff wanted
to review on-street, paid parking solutions as part of an integrated
approach. Staff requested the Council direction to proceed as soon as
possible with a Request for Proposal (RFP) for PGS technology and thereafter
an RFP for Revenue and Access Control technology or to issue a solicitation
for an integrated system combining both technologies. Staff would need
additional time to prepare and issue a solicitation for an integrated system
combining both technologies.

Eric Rosenblum indicated the slate of technology was encouraging. He was
glad to hear that infrastructure for payments would be considered and
installed. He suggested Staff consider different types of employees who
parked in Downtown.

Sea Reddy believed the City should provide spaces for employees in
Downtown to park for six or seven hours, so the employees would not have
to move their vehicles.
                                                                        Page 11 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
