the Rail Committee, and 3) try the Council as a Whole for items pertaining to
the Rail Committee and Technology Committee.

Council Member Schmid felt the key point was not to create too much
bureaucracy while keeping the major decisions and momentum at the
Council level.

Council Member Price believed it was important for the full Council to be
involved in discussions. Given the density and complexity of the Work Plan,
Staff's time would be better spent preparing items for the Council or the
Committee of the Whole.

Council Member Klein supported the Motion. The Rail Committee served its
purpose well; however, a Standing Committee focused on HSR was not
needed for the next year or two. There would be no savings of Staff time as
the issues could be referred to other Standing Committees.           It was
appropriate for all Council Members to be involved in technology issues. He
was willing to experiment with Committee of the Whole because the City
Manager requested it.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether a Committee of the Whole meeting would
have action items.

Mr. Keene explained a meeting could involve Council action if the meeting
was noticed and agendized.

Council Member Burt asked if that was the difference between a Committee
of the Whole meeting and a Study Session.

Council Member Klein reported there was no difference between a
Committee of the Whole meeting and a Council meeting.

Mr. Keene concurred. Typically a Committee of the Whole meeting would
pertain to a single subject or topic.

Council Member Burt understood a Committee of the Whole meeting would
fall under the informal guidelines of a Study Session but could include action
items. The Downtown Library was a good venue for Committee of the Whole
meetings. He hoped the Infrastructure Committee could reach its sunset
later in 2014.

Council Member Berman suggested the Mitchell Park Library be a possible
location for the Committee as the Whole meetings. He concurred with

                                                                        Page 17 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/01/14
