                               MINUTES
aesthetics, and architectural practices of scores of architects. This was an
appropriate opportunity to honor the significant contributions of Birge Clark.

Council Member Klein was pleased that more residents now agreed the
library on Newell Road should be renamed. He wished to rename Main
Library in honor of a distinguished Palo Alto resident. He had hoped
residents would suggest names of individuals. Palo Alto's history contained
many individuals who should have facilities named after them. Mr. Clark
would be the first graduate of Palo Alto schools to be honored by Palo Alto.
Mr. Clark helped create a significant portion of the community to which
residents related daily. The City frequently honored individuals by naming
buildings and parks for them, even though the individuals had no direct
association with the buildings and parks.         Naming the library for the
neighborhood dramatically underestimated the intelligence of citizens. He
could accept naming a facility for Doris Richmond. Naming the Post Office
for Mr. Clark was dependent upon the City's purchase of the building.
Naming a facility for Mr. Clark honored his lifetime of work, not his design of
one building.

Vice Mayor Kniss concurred with Council Member Price's comments
regarding Mr. Clark. However, Main Library was not the appropriate building
to name for Mr. Clark. It would be more appropriate to rename Main Library
for Edward Durell Stone, who designed the building. Ms. Cormack's reasons
for renaming Main Library were compelling. Using the name Rinconada Park
provided a sense of place. The LAC was adamant in its choice of Rinconada
Library and had substantial reasons for choosing that name. She could
support the names Main Library or Rinconada Library, but could not support
Birge Clark Library.

Council Member Burt would have been receptive to naming the library after
a renowned Palo Alto resident if the person satisfied two of the
requirements. The community seemed to have reached consensus regarding
the name Rinconada Library. The name should follow the City's naming
policies and procedures. If the community reached consensus regarding an
individual after whom a building should be named, then he could support
that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to rename the Main Library to Rinconada Library.

Council Member Holman could support retaining the name Main Library, as it
was not inappropriate. The first and fifth criteria for renaming facilities
supported renaming Main Library to Rinconada Library. Birge Clark was
considered Palo Alto's preeminent architect.    It would be exceedingly
confusing to name an Edward Durell Stone building after Birge Clark. She


                                   12                              April 7, 2014
