                             MINUTES
portion of affordable housing projects located in residential areas. He
requested Staff determine the impacts of Density Bonus Law concessions on
existing 100 percent affordable housing projects had those projects been
proposed under the Density Bonus Law. He was not sure it was wise to
eliminate PC Zones. Proposed changes were the most substantive in the
past 50 years and would likely improve the process drastically.       The
proposals were moderately complex solutions that made sense.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the Council wanted to reform PC Zoning rather than
eliminate it. The most compelling argument for PC Zoning was affordable
housing. The Opportunity Center was a dramatic example of a PC providing
housing and services. A better definition of public benefits was needed. As
circumstances changed over time, the types of public benefits would also
change.     An independent economic analysis was needed to determine
whether a benefit was provided and whether the City received the stated
value.    Previous Council Members addressed the need for enhanced
monitoring and the use of development agreements or precise plans. The
Council should not identify areas for PC Zoning as future needs were
unknown.     She wished to review proposals for capping the degree of
variation before making a decision.        The PC process needed some
amendments. She inquired whether the Council was providing adequate
input for Staff.

Ms. Gitelman heard a growing consensus among Council Members. The
Council's input was helpful, and Staff could capture most comments in an
Ordinance.

Council Member Berman agreed with virtually all previous Council Member
comments. The need for enhanced monitoring and enforcement should
proceed ahead of other items, because it applied to existing PCs.            A
developer would have to offer an extremely valuable public benefit for him
to support a project that increased office space. A great deal of office space
could be constructed under existing zoning. He was interested in Council
Member Burt's request for information regarding the impact of the Density
Bonus Law on existing affordable housing projects. Affordable and below-
market-rate housing were reasons for not eliminating PC Zoning. Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park contained 4.5 acres and 117 housing units and was
zoned RM-15. Under the Density Bonus Law, the site could provide 92 units
of housing, 25 units less than existing units. Without the PC process, the
site could not maintain the existing number of housing units under a
different owner.

Council Member Price favored revision of the PC process. The City needed to
engage in more successful negotiations and be more assertive regarding the

                                                                        Page 10 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/06/14
