                            MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd noted the bill was scheduled for hearing; therefore, the
City's position should be provided to Assemblyman Gordon.

MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Holman, Schmid no, Scharff absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Burt questioned the lack of polling for the Closed Session
scheduled for March 25, 2014. He and Council Member Holman were not
available to attend the Closed Session.

Mayor Shepherd reported the matter was raised over the weekend and quick
review was needed. Many Council Members would be unavailable later in
the week or the following week.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, clarified that the matter was related to
interviewing candidates for the City Auditor position. The Mayor and Vice
Mayor felt it was important for all Council Members to receive an update
regarding the process.

Council Member Burt asked if March 25 was the only time the Closed Session
could be scheduled.

Mayor Shepherd indicated one Council Member was currently unavailable
and other Council Members would be unavailable beginning March 26. The
matter was time sensitive. Six Council Members would be available on
March 25.

Council Member Berman spoke at the Youth Speaks Out event at the Palo
Alto Art Center. The program allowed youth to use art to express their
feelings about being a youth in Palo Alto. The artwork and descriptions were
amazing.

Council Member Price attended Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority's
(VTA) groundbreaking ceremony for the Bus Rapid Transit. She worked on
the conceptual and preliminary engineering for the project and conducted
more than 60 community meetings. Several Council Members attended the
ribbon cutting for California Avenue improvements and the farmers market
expansion. She attended the Silicon Valley Sustainable Landscape Summit.
At that event, Palo Alto Utilities received one of the water conservation
awards.

Council Member Klein provided the Council with the latest update from the
San Francisco Public Utilities Commission regarding water reserves. The
Hetch Hetchy Reservoir was expected to be filled by July 1, 2014 despite

                                                                      Page 26 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 3/24/2014
