                            MINUTES
Council Member Klein clarified that Council Members could place an item on
the Agenda if they wished.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that in section b) change "processing yard waste"
to "processing organic waste."

Council Member Schmid felt the Motion provided the Council with time to
assess new technologies. The 2007 Zero Waste Policy stated an anaerobic
digester was an interim step to achieving zero waste with new technologies.
Conversion technologies continued to be a major option and should be a
component of the annual update. Identifying technology that could achieve
the goals of the 2007 Zero Waste Policy was essential.

Council Member Holman requested the City Attorney address public
comment regarding the State Lands Commission.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the City acknowledged that a lease
amendment would be needed if the facility was going to be used as
proposed in Option Number 2. Staff had been conferring with State Lands
Commission officials. The City's position was that a lease agreement was
not strictly required; however, the City would amend the lease if needed.

Council Member Holman suggested some of the propositions in the Motion
would require agreement of the State Lands Commission.

Ms. Stump clarified that a lease agreement would be required at the point
where the City decided to proceed with substantial construction at the site.

Mr. Bobel advised that a lease agreement would be needed later in the
process under Option Number 2, and later yet under the Motion. State
Lands Commission officials indicated they would be amenable to a lease
agreement.

Council Member Holman asked if the Motion provided an option for
construction on the Measure E site.

Council Member Klein stated the intent of the Motion was to provide an
option for construction if any of the conditions were met.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff had information regarding closure of
the Newby Island facility.

Mr. Bobel indicated Newby Island would close; however, it was one of four
alternatives. He preferred the ZWED facility which was owned and operated
by GreenWaste.

12/08/2014                                                           116- 222
