                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt remarked that, regarding the bike lanes on either side
of California Avenue up to Hanover Street, there was no parking on the
south side. Once a person crossed Hanover Street, the street stayed the
same width and there was much less bike traffic west of Hanover Street and
east of Hanover Street, which was going to have more bike traffic. Decades
ago, the City eliminated parking on one side of the street to create bike
lanes. The City had an opportunity to make these streets right because the
way it was drawn up now was wrong. He did not know why parking was
allowed on the street, but his questions clarified that the project was fully
parked, excluding the parking on California Avenue. He reiterated that part
of the project was not within the City’s discretion and suggested directing
Staff to pursue elimination of parallel parking on the south side of California
Avenue between Hanover Street and Amherst Street.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to examine the elimination
of parallel parking along the south side of California Avenue from Hanover
St. to Amherst St., and to place bike lanes on both sides of California
Avenue.

Council Member Burt understood Recommendation One from the appellant,
fully vetting the neighborhood regarding Safe Routes to School, was outside
the scope of the project, and within the jurisdiction of the City. He did not
think the Safe Routes to School Committee was engaged in this discussion.
He recommended: removal of decision 14A and 14C from the Director’s
Decision, and to have Council direct Staff to engage the neighborhood and
the Safe Routes to School Committee for the safest pathways for bikes and
pedestrians in and out of the development.

Council Member Scharff wanted to know what page that was in the packet.

Ms. Gitelman said it was pages 1043, 1011, 1012.

Council Member Burt spoke to the street mouths and said there were a
number of reasons to have the bulb outs. Part of it was that they were
traffic calming devises for traffic exiting this project, along with bikes. He
suggested taking the area that had a bulb out, and replacing it with a solid
curb separation for a bike lane. No parking was going to be permitted there,
it was a safer intersection, and it would have the visual benefit that the
neighbors were asking for. This was not a direction, but he asked for it to
be looked into.



06/23/2014                                                        115- 221
