                             MINUTES
James Keene, City Manager, noted the Council had a process to discuss that
component.     The Housing Element fit into the larger question of
development in general. The larger questions would be discussed within the
Housing Element, Our Palo Alto, and the Comprehensive Plan.

Mr. Friend stated the question was where to place housing.          Another
question was where to place amenities and transportation services in the
future. Staff needed to review both of those issues systematically.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the community wanted to depend more on transit that
was not car related. The community had an issue of resisting density, which
would be one of the Council's most difficult decisions. A number of long-
term issues were in contention with each other.        Salvage of building
materials was a real opportunity.

Mr. Friend was unsure whether business opportunities for salvage existed in
Palo Alto.     He understood people's reluctance to make enormous
investments in their homes; however, those investments could yield higher
returns than not making investments. Staff's role was to provide education
and services to make changes attractive to people. A conversation among
people who disagreed often resulted in some common ground. Staff could
utilize that common ground to design policies and programs. Reaching
common ground was possible if Staff engaged the community in the right
way.

Council Member Price was intensely interested in networks of sharing and
learning information. Smart growth, the Housing Element, and height limits
were the kinds of issues that the community was debating; however, the
Council did not have sufficient time to study the issues in depth. The City
should work on issues in pieces and be strategic in building a future for Palo
Alto. If the City was too tightly focused on sustainability, then it might not
achieve meaningful results.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff issued an RFP on February
14, 2014.

Mr. Friend reported an RFP would be issued in the second quarter, sometime
in the next 2 1/2 months.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff was currently drafting the RFP.

Mr. Friend answered yes.



04/21/2014                                                              114- 476
