                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid asked if the savings would be $2.80 in Fiscal Year
2016.

Mr. Arp would need to calculate the reduction, but it could be more than
$2.00.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the amounts paid for street sweeping
by the Downtown and California Avenue Parking Funds.

Mr. Arp reported the University Parking District paid $168,000 per year and
would see a significant savings under the plan. The California Avenue
Parking District paid $26,000.

Council Member Schmid understood Parking Funds paid for new parking
spaces.

Mr. Sartor explained that Parking District Funds funded a number of services
in both the Downtown and California Avenue areas. The Capital Budget
detailed expenses paid by the Funds such as cleaning parking garages,
street sweeping, twinkle lights on trees, and other items.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to:
   1. Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute
        the attached contract with Contract Sweeping Services (Attachment
        A) for an amount not to exceed $658,527 in the first year, including
        an initial base amount of $598,661 and an initial additional services
        amount of $59,866;

  2.   Direct the City Manager or his designee to maintain the contract for
       up to four additional years provided the contractor is responsive to
       the City’s needs and the quality of the contractor’s work is
       acceptable. The not-to-exceed amounts will be adjusted annually,
       and shall be tied to the Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage
       Earners and Clerical Workers for the San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose
       area. Funding for each additional year is contingent upon Council
       approval of that Fiscal Year’s budget;

  3.   Approve reducing the frequency of street sweeping in residential/light
       commercial areas from weekly to every other week only during the
       non-leaf season;

  4.   Approve the Budget Amendment Ordinance to reflect the impact of
       implementing the efficiency and cost savings plan including a
                                                                       Page 30 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
