                            MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss did not have a good overall definition of retail uses. She
asked if Staff could provide a map of the Downtown area and a definition of
retail on November 17.

Ms. Gitelman could provide a map and a description of the Code regulation
regarding ground-floor retail uses.

Mr. Keene indicated there could be a gradation of uses that appeared to be
less retail than others.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested Staff emphasize the marginality of some retail
stores in Area A.

Council Member Holman requested the status of the California Avenue Area
Plan and asked if that could be brought forward on an interim basis in order
to protect the area.

Ms. Gitelman reported in February 2014 the Council received the P&TC's
recommended version of the California Avenue Area Plan. The original
intention was for that to be analyzed in the Comprehensive Plan EIR and
adopted when the Update was adopted. It would be distinct from a Precise
Plan for the Fry's site.

Council Member Holman indicated the Staff Report did not mention interim
actions to protect the area from piecemeal development.

Mr. Keene advised that the recommendation regarding pace of growth was
designed to deal with that. One Council Member had commented regarding
an interim acceleration of pacing of commercial development on an annual
basis. That could be a means to micro-target the California Avenue area.

Ms. Gitelman remarked that the existing Comprehensive Plan had allowed
the current rate of growth and development. The Comprehensive Plan
Update was a method to reexamine those issues and the California Avenue
area in the manner that the P&TC considered in the proposed Area Plan.

Council Member Holman felt the scenarios presented the community with
false scenarios. They appeared to be mix and match. She requested Staff's
feeling about that.

Ms. Gitelman wanted an effective means to analyze impacts of potential
policy choices and wanted to avoid analyzing the impacts of many
combinations of various choices. It was logical to group them to allow
testing and to allow the Council to choose among them. Staff's pairings
would allow the Council to do that.


11/03/2014                                                           116- 45
