                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Council Member Price wished to include a specific
funding source.

Council Member Price answered yes.         She requested Staff repeat the
options.

Mr. Perez indicated funds could be taken from the BSR Fund if the Council
changed the goal from 18.5 percent. If the goal remained at 18.5 percent,
approximately $661,000 would be available. A second source could be
infrastructure funds; however, Staff would have to reprioritize projects
included in the Infrastructure Plan for Council approval.

Council Member Price preferred not to withdraw funds from the
Infrastructure Reserve Fund. She inquired whether $500,000 could be
withdrawn from the Operating Reserve and $500,000 from another source.

Mr. Perez replied yes, a combination of sources was possible.

Council Member Burt advised that the City owned the building and would
realize appreciation of the asset resulting from improvements. Mr. Perez
had clarified that funds would not be taken from the Infrastructure Funding
Plan. Council Member Klein's arguments were inconsistent with his previous
support of City Hall renovations.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1-2 Klein no, Berman, Shepherd not participating

Vice Mayor Kniss advised that the next topic for discussion was a funding
challenge including City funds of $1.65 million. She inquired about the
source of City funds for the $1.65 million.

Mr. Perez explained that the Infrastructure Funding Plan did not address all
infrastructure projects. In addition, there were concerns about the accuracy
of cost estimates for infrastructure projects. The Council would have to
reprioritize infrastructure projects in order to fund the $1.65 million. He was
concerned about lowering reserve thresholds as the City prepared to issue
significant debt.

Mr. Green noted the $1.65 million amount would be reduced by a high
valuation of the TDR sale. The Museum requested the City fund 50 percent
of the gap, not a specific amount of $1.65 million.

Council Member Scharff understood Mr. Perez to indicate the City did not
have sufficient funds to expend $1.65 million. He asked when the History
Museum expected to receive funds from the City.



12/15/2014                                                              116- 259
