                            MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff was required to obtain Council
approval of contracts totaling more than $85,000.

Mr. Keene answered yes.

Mayor Shepherd explained that a Committee vote unanimously approving an
item moved the item to the Council's Consent Calendar unless the
Committee requested it be placed on the Agenda as an Action Item.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council had the discretion to remove an item from
the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that three Council Members had to support removal
of an item from the Consent Calendar. The Council then discussed the item
with the same Staff Report.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, added that other types of Resolutions and
sometimes Ordinances were appropriate for placement on the Consent
Calendar. Members of the public always had an opportunity to speak to
items on the Consent Calendar.

Wayne Douglass was pleased with the City Manager's review of the item.

Stephanie Munoz felt the remodel of City Hall was trivial compared to other
problems in the community. The money could be spent on more worthwhile
projects.

Herb Borock inquired about the cumulative amounts expended on August 4,
October 20, November 10, and November 17, 2014, each date the Council
was scheduled to hear the item. The Council should learn what happened
when it had concerns about the cost of a project yet postponed the Agenda
Item while project expenditures continued.

Council Member Price asked if the Project was not required to have
prevailing wage, because it was 100 percent City funded.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director, replied yes, the City was
not required to pay prevailing on the Project. The engineer's estimate for
construction costs assumed a non-prevailing wage contractor; however, the
contractor generally was a prevailing wage contractor.

Council Member Price was disappointed with the Resolution exempting the
City from prevailing wage.

Council Member Klein did not understand the means by which the item was
placed on the Council's Agenda and requested an explanation.

11/17/2014                                                          116- 130
