                              MINUTES
Millennial preferences and seniors' need would determine the evolution of
needs and outcomes in the community. She did not recall the document
using the phrase "smart growth."          The document should include the
implications of smart growth related to transient-oriented development,
economic vitality, housing, and a less economically diverse community. She
inquired whether the document would reference or index various Master
Plans. The scope as defined was well done and emphasized the issue of
sustainability and green infrastructure. She hoped the document would
contain a discussion of schools and school capacity and a preamble
describing why the language of the document was presented as it was. The
document should allow flexibility for the community to evolve.

Mayor Shepherd indicated some terms needed defining or quantifying. She
inquired whether the Downtown CAP included methods for enforcement.
The Downtown CAP could be replicated in the California Avenue area as
development began. Policy T2.10.2 of the Transportation Element was
important for routine measurements. She asked if the document discussed
the possibility of allowing certain areas to exceed the height limit by 10 feet.
Some neighborhoods felt underserved by not having grocery stores. The
document should contain more specificity in the meaning of community
services. The scope of the direction should be expanded to include impacts
of densification in south El Camino Real.

Council Member Holman believed edible gardens should be a required part of
multifamily and mixed-use projects. There were many missed opportunities
for design enhancement. Grocery store preservation should be incorporated
into the document. Noise had numerous impacts on individuals and livability
that should be considered. The document should strongly consider reducing
the noise threshold; methods to identify the largest contributors to noise
impacts; and methods to move noise-producing equipment indoors. The
document should recognize salvage and adaptive reuse of building materials
as positive environmental practices it should evaluate programs that
supported local independent businesses and led to their success. The
document should include an evaluation of methods for the business
community to pay its fair share. Exceptional design should be a requirement
for every project.

Council Member Schmid supported Council Member Burt's comments
regarding maximum density; Council Member Holman's emphasis on design
standards; and Council Member Berman's comments regarding the need for
data. Our Palo Alto would begin without traffic and parking data and data
from the Downtown CAP Study. A number of Council actions should give
priority to programs and policies.


05/05/2014                                                              114- 565
