                             MINUTES
held the prior week. Staff had not completed preparing written responses to
questions answered orally at the meeting.

Bob Fickett, CPI President, recalled depictions of CPI as a fly-by-night
organization that did not care about public health and safety. Those
depictions were not true. CPI had been located at the current site for more
than 60 years. The plating shop had been located on the site for more than
50 years. In those 60 years, there had been no harm to any community
member. Despite the move of San Carlos operations into the Palo Alto
facilities in 2006, CPI currently had the lowest quantity of Title 19 chemicals
ever. CPI made numerous improvements over the past several years. Since
2006, CPI added perimeter sensors and alarm systems, backup safety
systems, and backup to backup systems at the request of the community.
CPI viewed strengthening safety culture as its responsibility and worked to
ensure safety protocols remained state of the art. After the accidental
release in 2006, CPI hired a company to conduct a complete review of
facilities and processes. The consultant found CPI operations to be safe and
compliant overall and made some recommendations for additional
improvements. CPI implemented those recommendations immediately. At a
2012 Council meeting, a public speaker questioned the approach of the
consultant's risk analysis. CPI hired ENVIRON, the same consultant the
public speaker mentioned, to perform a second risk analysis. ENVIRON
found that CPI's Palo Alto operation was safe and compliant.               CPI
implemented ENVIRON's recommendations for additional enhancements.
The City's consultant, AECOM, also found CPI's operation to be safe and
compliant and made some recommendations.                After reviewing those
recommendations with ENVIRON, CPI addressed recommendations that were
appropriate.       CPI unequivocally possessed the trainings, operating
procedures, and records that AECOM indicated were still needed.             He
admitted three incidents occurred between 2006 and 2008 when San Carlos
operations transitioned to Palo Alto. While none of the incidents harmed
employees or community members, CPI implemented measures to ensure
similar incidents did not happen again. CPI's employees were proud of their
work to save civilian and military lives. Therefore, it was increasingly
difficult to tolerate the community's treatment of CPI. CPI had a proven
track record of operating a safe, legal, and compliant facility in Palo Alto
since 1953. CPI was willing to continue working with the City toward an
acceptable solution; however, CPI had limits.           It would continue to
participate in rational, responsible discussions concerning the safety of CPI
operations and the community. CPI would not sit idly by while its reputation
was attacked, lies were voiced about its record, employees' characters were
impugned, and the vitality of operations was threatened. CPI expected the
Council to consider the matters based upon facts and to fairly, appropriately,
and legally represent all interests affected by decisions.
                                                                         Page 23 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/06/14
