Mayor Shepherd noted there had not been an increase in rates since 2006.

Chair Scharff reported page 32 contained Ms. Lund's proposal for the current
year. The Council Appointed Officers Committee (Committee) was tasked
with reviewing the contract and making a recommendation to the Council.
He asked Ms. Lund to review each task, reimbursable amounts, and changes
from the previous year.

Sherry Lund, Sherry Lund and Associates, explained that Task Number 1
was the annual Council Appointed Officers (CAO) process. One difference
was the hiring of a new City Auditor. The process for the City Auditor was a
goal-setting and orientation process. The cost for Project Element Number 1
was less than the previous year. The cost for Project Element Number 2 was
the same amount as the previous year with a 6 percent increase. The cost
for Task Number 3 was the same amount as the previous year with a 6
percent increase. The cost for Task Number 4 was significantly reduced and
was an estimate. In 2013 new information came to light that resulted in five
CAO meetings to discuss compensation. In addition, she was called on to
provide general human resource consulting and organizational development
consulting. Project Element Number 4 was not new work per se. There was
no way to anticipate the amount of work the Council would request from her.
Significant increases in overhead expenses resulted in her request for a 6
percent increase.    Revisions on pages 10-13 were made to clean up
revisions made by someone in the City Attorney's Office. The City Attorney
found those changes to be non-substantive.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Ms. Lund remembered the number of hours she
spent with the Committee in 2013.

Ms. Lund only tracked hours for consulting work.

Vice Mayor Kniss knew Ms. Lund spent many hours with the Committee.

Ms. Lund had significant communication expenses in dealing with 13 people.

Council Member Klein noted Ms. Lund did not include the City Auditor in the
list of people she consulted with and talked to.

Ms. Lund indicated the City Auditor process was addressed at the top of
page 12. There was a separate process for the City Auditor since the City
Auditor would not receive a full review in 2014.

Mayor Shepherd reported a portion of the City Auditor process deleted from
page 13 was not copied onto page 11.


                                  2                         April 3, 2014
