                      FINAL MINUTES
In addition, some businesses would likely transfer their private shuttle
services to City shuttles.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if the City was in essence running a school bus; why
VTA was not contributing additional funds; and if Staff had contacted private
shuttle services running routes from the Caltrain Station into Mountain View
regarding financial support.

Mr. Rodriguez reported shuttles were providing a benefit to students.
Shuttle service was not a school bus, because ridership was well balanced.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted a number of junior high and high school students
were riding shuttles and PAUSD had contributed funds in the past.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff should discuss a financial contribution with
PAUSD. To his knowledge, VTA had not historically funded the City's shuttle
service. VTA had grant programs that provided funding for local transit;
however, one requirement for grants was that local routes could not overlap
with any existing transit routes.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled that the City did not seek VTA funding through
grants in 1999. Shuttles from many companies operated between the
Caltrain Station and Mountain View. Obtaining funds from those companies
could support the proposed west route.

Mr. Rodriguez purposely did not include stops at some prime locations along
the west route so that companies could sponsor those stops. That was one
method to obtain funding for the west route. The private sector was
interested in this.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if any cities near Palo Alto operated and funded
shuttles.

Mr. Crosley answered yes. Menlo Park and Daly City were two examples.
Many of those shuttles were first-mile/last-mile shuttles from Caltrain
Stations. Each community-based shuttle operated differently.

Vice Mayor Kniss wondered why Mr. Crosley did not compare Palo Alto's
shuttle to other cities' shuttles. Knowing how other cities funded shuttle
services would have been helpful.

Council Member Schmid inquired about reasons for not including the
Marguerite system in the report.

Mr. Rodriguez met with Stanford University regarding development of routes
and encouraged Stanford University to respond to the Request for Proposal
                                                                        Page 10 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes10/27/14
