                             MINUTES

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the California Avenue Streetscape
Project was scheduled to be completed in March 2015. Decorative glass
jewels used in sidewalks were approved for sidewalk use and consistent with
other sidewalk finishes. Staff was planning a marketing and outreach effort
during the holidays to support and promote patronage of California Avenue
businesses. Sculptures by Joe O'Connell and Blessing Hancock were now lit
at night. The California Statewide Local Roads and Needs Assessment 2014
Report highlighted Palo Alto for proactively managing and investing in a
street maintenance program with an overall Pavement Condition Index (PCI)
score now at 78. Major construction at Rinconada Library was complete;
however, the library was not yet open to the public.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Stephanie Munoz suggested the City construct a condominium building at
Cubberley Community Center and rent the units to teachers. That would
pay back the cost of the $13 million in five years. The value of 100 living
units was $13 million, and also the value that Buena Vista residents were
willing to contribute to low-income housing.

Stephanie Lahat invited everyone to participate in the November 27, 2014
Applied Materials Silicon Valley Turkey Trot. The Turkey Trot had raised and
donated $4 million over the past nine years. She encouraged the Council
and City management to register for the Mayor's Cup Challenge.

Council Member Scharff noted the City held the Mayor's Cup Challenge
trophy from 2013.

Mayor Shepherd was rallying Council Members and City management to
register.

Robert Moss recalled the City having an outbreak of graffiti approximately 20
years ago. He removed graffiti in the areas of Barron Park, Ventura, and El
Camino Real. He urged the Council to have the Public Works Department
promptly clean graffiti in order to discourage additional graffiti.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the City's 311 app allowed residents to
report graffiti so the Public Works Department could remove it.




11/03/2014                                                            116- 35
