                            MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:05 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid
             arrived at 7:00 P.M., Shepherd

Absent:

CLOSED SESSION

1.    CONFERENCE WITH LABOR NEGOTIATORS
      City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his designees
      pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene,
      Lalo Perez, Joe Saccio, Kathryn Shen, Sandra Blanch, Val Fong,
      Molly Stump)
      Employee Organization: Utilities Management and Professional
      Association of Palo Alto (UMPAPA)
      Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a)

The City Council reconvened from the Closed Session at 6:10 P.M. and
Mayor Shepherd announced no reportable action.

STUDY SESSION

2.    Study Session on the County of Santa Clara Expressway Study
      Program and Update on the Page Mill Road & I-280 Interchange
      Project.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, introduced members of the
Santa Clara County Roads & Airport Department who were providing the
presentation.

Dawn Cameron, County Transportation Planner, Santa Clara County Roads &
Airport Department, provided a map of the eight County Expressways and
mentioned the Expressways involving Palo Alto would be Page Mill Road,
Oregon Expressway, and Foothill Expressway. Central Expressway did not
enter into Palo Alto although it did end into Alma Street and there was
always a concern when an Expressway and city street merged. The concept
of the Expressway was designed to supplement commuter congestion from
freeways and relieve city streets.     The initial Comprehensive Expressway
Study (Study) began in 2001 and was finalized in 2003. The Study provided
information on the current and future needs, funding sources, and setting
priorities. There was an administrative update to the Study in 2008.

06/16/2014                                                          115- 148
