                             MINUTES
retired in the Fire Department, the four-year gap remained. He asked if the
City was hiring older firemen.

Mr. Perez believed 26 firefighter positions were recently filled, and the
average age was 29.6 years for those positions, from a low of 22 years to a
high of 39 years. The Fire Department and HR Department were working on
different avenues to widen the span of applicants.

Council Member Schmid asked if there was any indication that the average
age of new hires for the Fire Department was older than the average age of
new hires for the Police Department.

Mr. Perez would need to perform a similar analysis for the Police
Department. In the next five years, almost 50 percent of sworn Fire
Department personnel would retire. The City saw a significant turnover in
the Police Department over the last few years. The trend was for Fire
Department personnel to remain with the City for their entire careers.

Council Member Schmid noticed shuttles were mostly empty except when
taking children to school in the morning.     Putting more shuttles into
circulation was not the answer. San Francisco was experimenting with on-
call cabs.

Council Member Burt stated the Council would have an opportunity to
discuss a proposal for the shuttle program at a future meeting. The current
discussion was not the time to review details and alternatives for the shuttle
program.

Mr. Keene added that the Budget proposal included renewal of existing
shuttle routes. The Council directed Staff to place funding for shuttle
expansion in a Reserve, and Staff would return with an in-depth
presentation.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City was moving from a rolling
30-year amortization period to a fixed 30-year amortization period.

Mr. Perez replied yes.

Council Member Klein inquired about the cost of that change.

Mr. Perez would provide the amount either before or at the second hearing.

Council Member Klein asked if either amortization period was appropriate
under actuarial standards.
                                                                        Page 26 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
