                             MINUTES
Jeff Levinsky reported that the Applicant's latest submission showed the
proposed grocery store would pay $100,000 in additional annual rent, would
have higher property taxes, would not have economies of scale or combined
buying power as an independent grocery store, and would have higher
advertising and promotion costs. No proposed plan guaranteed the public
would receive a benefit from the project.

William Ross, speaking on behalf of five individuals, advised that a revised
environmental document was needed as the existing one was five years old.
Source documents for the environmental document needed updating.
Thresholds were challenged in litigation pending before the California
Supreme Court.       A Traffic Demand Management (TDM) Program was
needed.     Litigation was pending with respect to an incremental
determination of a housing commitment.

Bob Moss noted the public benefit was a business. The Applicant could not
identify an operating grocer who was willing to lease the space. There was a
high probability the store would close after a few years. The Council should
not approve a business as a public benefit, as it could not ensure the
viability of a business indefinitely.

Margaret Heath expressed concern regarding financial information of Mr.
Chavez and litigation between Mr. Chavez and his family members.

Stephanie Munoz suggested office space revert to housing if the Applicant
was not able to provide a grocery store in perpetuity.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney reported the starting point of any
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) analysis was to look at the
exact Council decision that was before the body. The discretionary decision
was not the review of the entire PC Ordinance, but only whether the
substitute tenant was comparable to the original tenant analyzed in the
original environmental review. Staff did not believe CEQA analysis was
triggered at this juncture of the process. With respect to penalties, the
penalty offer had been increased to $1,000 per day, which Staff believed
provided a significant financial incentive to retain a grocery store. Staff
reviewed the extensions that applied to the project and confirmed that a
one-year automatic extension was applicable under the Extension Ordinance.
The additional one-year extension granted by Staff was also appropriate
under the Extension Ordinance. The project was eligible for an additional
and final one-year extension; however, that extension was subject to
Planning and Transportation Commission and Council review and approval.

Mayor Shepherd inquired about the deadline for that last extension.

Ms. Silver advised that the Applicant would have to go through the process
by the end of 2014.

12/01/2014                                                             116- 151
