Council Member Burt explained that San Jose contained roughly half the
population of Santa Clara County. Consequently, the political control of the
VTA could be found south of Santa Clara. The majority of Caltrain ridership
could be found north of Santa Clara. There was a disconnect between
political representation and use of the system.

2.    Proclamation of the Council Proclaiming the City of Palo Alto as Open
      [Data] by Default.

Vice Mayor Kniss read the Proclamation into the record.

Jonathan Reichenthal, Chief Information Officer, thanked the Council for its
support, vision, and commitment to open government. The journey to make
data easily available and accessible transcended other technology-related
initiatives. The initiative best aligned with all City efforts and with the
President's digital government agenda.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced that the City would hold ethics
training on February 18, 2014.        The San Francisco Public Utilities
Commission issued a call for a 10 percent voluntary reduction in water use.
An additional update would be issued around March 1, 2014.              He
enumerated City efforts to reduce water consumption and residential
methods for reducing water consumption.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Scharff attended the California Municipal Utilities Association
and the NCPA Capital Day where discussions addressed issues pertinent to
Palo Alto utilities. He provided a brochure regarding water reservoirs around
the State.

Council Member Schmid received many comments from Palo Altans for Dish
Access and requested Staff report whether the Council had any authority
relative to Dish access.

James Keene, City Manager, stated any discussion would need to return to
the Council.

Mayor Shepherd attended the Caltrain Local Policymaker Group meeting
where members clarified that the City's letter pertained specifically to the
modernization of Caltrain. The Local Policymaker Group would provide an
opinion regarding the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for Caltrain.
Caltrain seemed interested in pursuing Palo Alto's concerns.
                                                                         Page 2 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/03/14
