                              MINUTES
Council Member Holman had inquired about the consultant's previous work
with the City. Staff responded that the consultant had not worked for the
City previously. She had inquired because the firm listed the City of Palo
Alto as a client. The Council had approved several contracts with other firms
to assist with the process of Our Palo Alto. She wanted to know if any of
those entities had worked with Flint Strategies previously and their
experiences with Flint Strategies.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the City had engaged one additional contractor to
assist with event planning related to Our Palo Alto. That contractor had not
worked with Flint Strategies to her knowledge. Other consultants hired for
the Comprehensive Plan Update and other specific projects fell under the
Our Palo Alto topic; however, she did not know if they had worked with Flint
Strategies. Ms. Gitelman had worked with Ms. Flint when she was employed
by another firm. Ms. Flint was a well-respect, competent contractor who
worked with other public agencies. Staff was confident Ms. Flint could
discharge the responsibilities included in the scope of work.

Council Member Holman had inquired whether the Leadership Group had any
role in identifying or selecting Flint Strategies. She was not questioning Flint
Strategies' abilities, but rather the City's procedures. She understood the
Leadership Group's function was to support public outreach and Flint
Strategies would be doing the same. Based on Staff's response, Flint
Strategies and the Leadership Group would not be communicating.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the Comprehensive Plan consultant was under
contract to perform community engagement and to work with the Leadership
Group as needed to engage the community in the Comprehensive Plan
Update. The Comprehensive Plan Update was only one aspect of the Our
Palo Alto initiative. Flint Strategies would be available to assist as needed.
Staff did not believe the Comprehensive Plan Update would be Flint
Strategies primary activity. Flint Strategies would be engaged in other
aspects of Our Palo Alto including workshop events and communication
related directly to the Planning Department. Staff sought resources to
support efforts under Our Palo Alto other than the Comprehensive Plan
Update.

Council Member Holman asked if Our Palo Alto included communications with
the public regarding Planning Department processes and initiatives.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that the framework of the Our Palo Alto
initiative had three conceptual components.      The design component
concerned the Comprehensive Plan. The action component was different
initiatives related to parking.


11/10/2014                                                              116- 101
