to the P&TC, and present those alternatives and the P&TC recommendation
to the Council. In that case, Staff could probably return in August.

Mr. Keene concurred that Staff could return to the Council in August.

Council Member Klein did not believe PC reforms could become effective
within a year. He would not support a moratorium. In general, he did not
like moratoriums; however, they could be appropriate in limited
circumstances. This was not one of those limited circumstances. He
expressed concern regarding unintended consequences of moratoriums. If
the Council did not like a PC proposal, it could vote no. The Council could
not oppose a project proposed under existing zoning. He felt Staff could
return in 60-90 days as PC reform did not require much research. A
moratorium for a few years would be deleterious to the community, to
property values, and to community vibrancy. He urged Council Members to
vote no on the Motion.

Council Member Burt was not a fan of moratoriums because of unintended
consequences. A time-out could assure PC changes were binding on Council
decisions and could help the community feel relief from PC abuse. On the
other hand, the City did not receive many applications for PC Zones. The
second consideration was an appropriate action for the pending PC
application.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff that the PC suspension apply to any PC application not yet
submitted.

Council Member Scharff supported a time-out for PC Zoning. The Council
needed to build community faith in the PC process. He struggled with the
fairness of imposing a delay on the pending PC application. The community
would benefit from applying reforms to an actual project.

Council Member Berman supported the Motion. The Council identified that
the current PC process was broken and needed to be fixed. It was not
appropriate to use a broken process for any project, regardless of its
position within the application process.       He worried about potential
unintended consequences of a time-out, particularly in relation to affordable
housing. Staff should accelerate the timeline.

Ms. Stump recommended time-out rather than moratorium. Moratorium in
land use law had a specific meaning and required specific findings. Findings
were not necessary in the current circumstances, were not appropriate, and
were not being made.        The Council should avoid use of the term
"moratorium" in order to maintain a clean record.
                                                                       Page 18 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/03/14
