                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Scharff inquired about the goals of the shuttle program.
One goal could be eliminating the need for residents to drive within Palo
Alto.

Mr. Rodriguez focused on identifying gaps in service and areas of unmet
demand based partially on community comments when developing routes for
analysis by Fehr & Peers.

Council Member Scharff asked if community comments were obtained from
people who did not ride shuttles.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff held community outreach in 2011 regarding
additional shuttle service and received emails from community members
interested in additional shuttle service. Staff developed routes based on that
data.

Council Member Scharff felt a successful shuttle service had to offer more
convenience than driving a car. He asked about methods to make shuttle
ridership more convenient.

Mr. Rodriguez was performing additional analysis to make shuttle service
more attractive and more flexible. He was aware of programs in other
communities where shuttles deviated from routes to pick up residents at
their doors with advance notice. However, too much deviation from the
route could increase wait times for riders at designated stops.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff considered developing an app to
provide the locations of shuttles and to estimate arrival times.

Mr. Rodriguez responded no. Such an app would probably be received well
by the community.

Council Member Klein felt a simpler metric than boardings per revenue mile
would be cost per ride. He asked if Staff had that metric available.

Mr. Crosley could provide that data shortly. A vast number of metrics for
analyzing transit performance was available such as boardings per revenue
mile, boardings per revenue hour, cost per boarding, and cost per revenue
hour. He attempted to show the overall performance of the Crosstown route
was quite good for a community-based route. It could be improved, and
Fehr & Peers was reviewing methods to improve that and to serve additional
riders.

Council Member Klein wished to know the cost per boarding, because it was
more easily understood. Boardings per revenue mile seemed to compare

                                                                          Page 8 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
