                             MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 6-8.

6.    Finance Committee Recommendation that the City Council Adopt a
      Resolution 9451 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Authorizing the City’s Participation in a Natural Gas Purchase from
      Municipal Gas Acquisition and Supply Corporation for the City’s Entire
      Retail Load, an Amount Estimated to be Approximately $150 Million
      over Ten Years, Waiving the City’s Choice of Law and Venue
      Requirements, and Authorizing the City Manager to Execute all
      Associated Agreements Required to Effect the Natural Gas Purchase.”

7.    Resolution 9458 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Adopt a New Rate Schedule for Net Energy Metering
      Aggregation Customers, Revise Rules and Regulations 2 and 29, and
      Approve a Revised Interconnection Agreement for Net Energy Metering
      Aggregation Customers.”

8.    Resolution 9459 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Linda Clerkson Upon her Retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

11.   Refer Real Property Procedures and Related Matters to Policy &
      Services; Approve Response to Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury
      Report “Reduced Transparency and Inhibited Public Input and Scrutiny
      on Important Land Use Issues" (Continued from September 8, 2014).

Mayor Shepherd reviewed prior Council actions.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, suggested members of the Council's Ad Hoc
Committee comment.

Council Member Schmid felt the Council, as the representative of the City,
should assume responsibility for responses to the Grand Jury Report. He
reviewed actions to be taken by the Council as stated in the response to the
Grand Jury Report.

Robert Moss indicated the Council spent $250,000 on a development project
where no application had been submitted. Neither the Grand Jury Report
                                                                         Page 8 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
