                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff was directed to return with
potential funding sources.

Council Member Burt wanted Staff to provide alternatives including not
funding the History Museum's request.

Vice Mayor Kniss reiterated that the Council could choose not to fund the
request.

Council Member Schmid requested Staff be directed to provide an
assessment of the value of TDRs along with potential funding sources. As
discussed earlier, the value of TDRs could be greater than $1 million.

Mr. Perez inquired whether the Council would also like an update on History
Museum fundraising when Staff returned with information regarding TDRs
and funding sources.

Council Member Burt answered yes.

Council Member Price would support the Amended Motion. She expressed
concerns regarding the History Museum's assumptions for long-term funding
strategies. With the additional information provided by Staff, the Council
could better assess the situation.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Kniss to direct Staff to:

      Defer consideration of number 3: Issue a funding challenge where Palo
      Alto Historic Museum (PAHM) would solicit private matching donations
      if the City offered an additional $1.65 million toward the project cost;
      and to direct Staff to return with potential funding sources for FY 2016
      CIP for consideration, an update on the TDR sale, and an update on
      the status of the History Museum fundraising.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Shepherd not participating

Council Member Holman explained that preparation of the FY 2016 Budget
would begin in early 2015. The Roth Building was designed by Birge Clark,
whose sons had been present at the meeting.

The Council took a break at 10:05 P.M.

James Keene, City Manager, inquired whether he could release Staff present
to provide information for Agenda Item Number 22 as he could provide
information for Council discussion.


12/15/2014                                                             116- 261
