                     DRAFT MINUTES
competition requirements with the Architectural Review Board (ARB) and
Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC). Those discussions resulted in
requirements for design teams to include a landscape architect, architect,
and engineer and to have experience with one bridge in the prior ten years.
The ARB and PARC worked with Staff to draft Guiding Principles for the
design competition.

Margie O’Driscoll, American Institute of Architects California Council Project
Manager, wanted a community-centered, open, and transparent process. It
was important for design teams to have experience in designing bridges.
Marketing materials would be shared with all American Institute of Architects
(AIA) chapters around the state through a broad marketing campaign. Staff
would identify and contact design firms and engineers with bridge
experience to ensure they were aware of the competition. In an effort to
locate emerging talent, the competition would be open to people who had
designed only one or two bridges.         The jury would be composed of
community members, a Palo Alto architect, a Stanford University professor,
and people from outside Palo Alto. The jury would determine the four
strongest design teams for designing a bridge that was compatible with the
community. Those four teams would create conceptual plans which would
be shared with the community. A Technical Advisory Panel would review the
plans and determine if they were realistic for the budget. The ARB and jury
would hear design presentations. Finally the jury would choose a design and
recommend that design to the Council.            The goal was to make a
recommendation to the Council by January 2015.

Lee Lippert, Architectural Review Board Chair, advised that the ARB met
three times to discuss the competition process. Discussions focused on
three main areas:       Guiding Principles, design team requirements and
qualifications, and the role of the ARB. The ARB suggested changes to the
language of the Guiding Principles. Narrow and restrictive qualifications
would exclude many local design firms and architectural and engineering
talent. Restrictive requirements would eliminate the competitive aspect in
that only a small number of firms could meet the qualifications. The ARB
was not a design jury. The ARB's role was to hold and facilitate a public
hearing and to solicit public comments. That process should occur before a
final design was chosen. The ARB could evaluate the finalists' designs for
compliance with the Guiding Principles and to assure quality.

Shani Kleinhaus submitted a letter in October 2012 noting design was not
equivalent to mitigation. An EIR was not an action on habitat improvement.
The design should consider bird safety and provide an opportunity to create
a living bridge. Innovative bridge design could be harmful to birds. She
expressed concern about the "semi-green light" from regulatory agencies.
                                                                         Page 16 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
