one Element at a time. The Council's review of each Element could extend
into August 2014. After Council review, Staff would begin the public dialog
regarding alternatives and the EIR process.        Continuing the current
Comprehensive Plan process could extend past the December 2015 deadline.
Staff preferred a community dialog regarding growth management
strategies, alternatives, and issues important to the community, and to
reflect that community dialog in the alternatives included in the EIR and
Comprehensive Plan revisions.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the Community Leadership Group
would be subject to the Brown Act.

Ms. Gitelman indicated it would not technically be subject to the Brown Act;
however, meetings would be public and comply with the Brown Act.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff would solicit representatives from
organizations or appoint applicants.

Ms. Gitelman would first solicit applications from people representing
organizations to determine interest.

Council Member Klein suggested three additional organizations: the League
of Women Voters, an environmental organization or preferably Acterra, and
Stanford Research Park. He did not have a clear understanding of whether
the Community Leadership Group would provide feedback or act in the same
manner as the P&TC.

Council Member Burt commented that the Housing Element update was an
update to the current Comprehensive Plan. The housing component of the
new Comprehensive Plan would guide subsequent Housing Elements. The
current Comprehensive Plan with updates was the foundation that should
inform the Housing Element update. The work of the Regional Housing
Mandate Committee should fold forward into the Housing Element of the new
Comprehensive Plan. The Staff Report described the Community Leadership
Group as not being a policy recommendation group.           Ms. Gitelman's
comments deviated significantly from the Staff Report. The composition of
the Community Leadership Group would require compliance with the Brown
Act. The proposed reunion of Comprehensive Plan participants was not
purposeful. Prior Comprehensive Plan participants could be valuable in
deconstructing the process to inform the current process. He would not
support any proposal that did not include that. The Council should move
forward with a review and a reference point of the existing Comprehensive
Plan and the draft document from the P&TC. The P&TC performed valuable
work, but the Council had not vetted that work. The Council needed to
discuss and understand the issues now rather than in two years. The
                                                                      Page 21 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 03/17/14
