                             MINUTES
The ideas component was a much broader engagement and outreach effort.
The Our Palo Alto initiative, particularly the ideas component, needed more
support and effort but was still linked to other parts.         The Planning
Department needed capacity building support through that process to
enhance their skills in engagement and outreach. The proposal seemed to
be a cost-effective means over two years to bring on Staff support to
enhance the broader abilities of Planning Staff.

Council Member Holman understood the ideas component was a part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update.

Mr. Keene indicated the ideas component was a part of the Comprehensive
Plan Update, but it was also broader.

Council Member Holman had inquired about approval of the proposal in the
Staff Report of June 16, 2014. She read the Staff Report and did not find a
reference to the proposal. The proposal could be contained within the
exhibits, which were not available online, but it was not referenced in the
description or the Staff Report.

Ms. Gitelman reported the proposal was discussed at a Finance Committee
meeting. When the Budget was presented to the Council, the proposal was
identified as a project Staff was interested in undertaking.

Council Member Klein had expressed his concerns about outreach to areas of
the community that normally were not engaged.            He was pleasantly
surprised that Staff sought professional assistance with that outreach. The
contract was listed as not to exceed $175,000; however, Staff did not
indicate the amount they realistically expected to spend. He requested a
budget and Flint Strategies' plans to perform outreach to those hard-to-
engage areas of the community.

Ms. Gitelman reiterated that the proposal was included in the Fiscal Year
2015 Budget.

Council Member Klein stated the Council could still scrutinize the proposal.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the contract would allow Staff to do task orders with
the contractor up to $175,000. Staff expected to spend $175,000 over two
years by inviting the contractor to assist with specific tasks. Many of those
tasks would not be related to the Comprehensive Plan Update.




11/10/2014                                                             116- 102
