                      FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Keene felt utilizing a third-party to develop an app was probably a better
idea than requiring a transportation company to develop an app. Linking all
means of transit in one app would be important to the app user.

Council Member Burt inquired whether benches were located at stops with
the highest number of boardings.

Ms. Aggarwal reported Staff had installed multiple benches over the past
several months. Covered shelters had not been installed; however, locations
shared with VTA did have covered shelters.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff had identified stops with the highest
number of boardings.

Mr. Rodriguez was working with MV Transportation on that issue. Staff
requested MV Transportation provide boarding and deboarding information
by location. Over the next year, Staff could utilize that information to
improve stops.

Council Member Burt felt shuttle drivers could provide a good sense of the
most utilized stops. He did not understand the methodology utilized to
determine Research Park was a low opportunity for transit use.

Mr. Crosley explained that transit likelihood was a composite of six different
variables:   senior population, zero-car households, youth population,
employment density, population density, and intersection density.
Downtown ranked higher than Research Park, because Research Park had
fewer connections and more large streets. Research Park contained a large
amount of employment although it was dispersed.

Council Member Burt suggested an average for the entire Research Park
could result in a different density pattern. He inquired whether Staff had
discussed sharing marketing with VTA.

Mr. Rodriguez responded no. Shuttle routes were available via Google Maps
and Yahoo Maps.

Council Member Burt noted VTA did not utilize zone-based fares. He asked if
Staff had inquired whether VTA was interested in zone-based pricing.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that Staff discussed costs in general with VTA. VTA
did not indicate whether it would move to zone-based pricing in the near
term. Zoned or tiered pricing did not align with information VTA received
from on-board surveys.


                                                                         Page 13 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
