                             MINUTES
4.    Evaluation of additional strategies to support adoption of electric
      vehicles. The report should consider and take into account applicable
      legal requirements, and identify potential legal, code or regulatory
      barriers that would need to be changed to facilitate fuel-switching. The
      City Manager will return to the Council by the first meeting in February
      with an initial report to Council on the timeframe required to research
      and develop this report, and the staff and related resources that will
      be necessary, as this initiative would be an important component in
      the 2015 Work Plan.

Council Member Klein agreed this was an important first step. Cities around
the world were pioneering efforts to reduce carbon emissions.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the meaning of Item 3 in relation to
Proposition 218.

Council Member Klein believed a rate structure was a means to incentivize or
disincentivize behavior. He did not want people who switched fuels to be
penalized through rate structures.

Council Member Scharff understood it was illegal to incentivize fuel switching
under Proposition 218. He hoped the Council would carefully consider such
issues and not waste time on efforts that were not allowed.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Colleague's Memo included a
reference to review of the regulatory system. That would be incorporated in
the report to the Council.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff would be able to return with a report
in 30 days.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated Staff's report in February 2015 would
advise the Council of actions needed to report on those four points.

Ms. Stump added that the initial report would have to be generated in the
next few weeks to meet the deadline for inclusion in the Council packet.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff would provide an information or
action item.

Mr. Keene believed it would be an action item.

Council Member Burt clarified that the City Manager would report on the
timeframe required to research and develop the full report.



12/15/2014                                                             116- 277
