                      FINAL MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman advised that ultimately HCD had to believe the City would
approve 30 units per acre. HCD reviewed the number of units historically
permitted. Until recently, the City had not approved projects at 30 units per
acre.

Council Member Burt requested examples of the City not approving housing
at the zoned density.

Ms. Gitelman would provide examples at a later time. The methodology was
used in the existing Housing Element. Staff perpetuated the distinction
between the maximum yield or capacity and a realistic assumption for the
Housing Element.

Council Member Burt requested examples of recent projects approved for or
near zoned density.

Mr. Wong noted Chapter 3 of the existing Housing Element contained a table
that showed residential density of past approved projects. Densities ranged
from 11-29 units per acre. Two recent projects were 3159 El Camino Real at
30 units per acre and 801 Alma at 80 units per acre.

Council Member Burt was attempting to determine whether the historic
pattern was necessarily the current and future pattern. He inquired whether
developers were now proposing smaller units, more units per acre, and
compliance with FAR limitations. If so, then more housing could be built
under existing zoning.

Ms. Gitelman commented that Council Member Burt's point was the reason
Staff included Tier 7. None of the selected sites required rezoning.

Council Member Burt understood surface parking lots would require
rezoning.

Ms. Gitelman concurred. Sites contained in the Staff recommendation and
Motion did not require rezoning.

Council Member Burt requested Staff verify the size of the Fry's site as he
recalled the size was 16 acres. Perhaps the Downtown and California
Avenue parking lots could be viewed in the context of transforming
transportation to and from development.            More interest in housing
Downtown could occur if the Downtown CAP did not increase until there was
significant progress on both parking and traffic issues. Staff should consider
adjusting zoning to make that shift.



                                                                           Page 11 of 14
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 06/04/14
