                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein called point of order. He understood Council Member
Scharff accepted the language proposed by Vice Mayor Kniss.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Substitute Motion was amended to reflect an
ending time of 10:45.

Council Member Schmid added that the Substitute Motion should include a
round of discussion limited to five minutes per Council Member.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

Mayor Shepherd noted the focus had been on California Avenue and was
now expanding to the California Avenue area. She liked the designation of
the three subareas. The subarea containing the North County Courthouse
should be highlighted so that the Council could decide how to feature that.
She understood the community suffered angst regarding development of the
Fry's site. If a developer submitted an application for the Fry's site in the
near future, the development would be subject to the current
Comprehensive Plan and zoning. She would support the grant application
because it would save the City money. There was a process for a context-
sensitive approach; therefore, she requested Staff provide their definition
and use of a context-sensitive approach. She also requested Staff provide
information regarding the impacts to the California Avenue area of bullet
train stops at the California Avenue Caltrain Station. The City was applying
for Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) grants not to receive
transportation funds, but to save City funds.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the California Avenue area was a
PTOD District, the California Avenue Transit Hub, a priority development
area, and a focal point of the Rail Corridor Study. Each of those things
emphasized mixed use.         The area could support a vision of smart
development, a mix of commercial and retail and residential. The existing
Housing Element indicated 20 percent of housing units should be located in
the area, which was not logical. The Plan should assist the Council in
determining the number of mandated housing units placed within the area;
however, the Plan did not mention that. Placing at least one third of
mandated housing units in the California Avenue area would make sense. If
mandated housing units were not located in the California Avenue area, then
they would be located in areas with no planning. The Council needed to
know the percentage of mandated housing units that should be placed in the
California Avenue area. The California Avenue area was one of the best
places in Palo Alto for dense housing.



04/21/2014                                                           114- 492
