                             MINUTES
The City permitted the creation of development rights from certain
categories of historic resources. She could not provide any additional
information regarding TDRs.

Council Member Klein asked if anyone in the Planning Department had
additional information.

Ms. Gitelman stated additional Staff was not present.

Council Member Klein suggested Ms. Gitelman call or text the appropriate
Staff.

Ms. Gitelman could not reach Staff at 9:20 in the evening.

Council Member Klein viewed the History Museum's requests as a
comprehensive list of demands and preferred to respond to those requests
comprehensively rather than individually. The requests were contrary to the
previous agreement negotiated with the History Museum. The History
Museum was requesting a considerable amount of financing which was
neither appropriate nor in line with the previous agreement. Funding for the
History Museum ranked very low in polling conducted for the Infrastructure
Plan. He was not impressed with the amount of funds raised by the Board in
2014. He was concerned that this would not be the Board's last request to
the City for funds and could not support any of the three requests. Perhaps
the Museum of American Heritage should be involved, as they had a record
of success. The Council should not designate the property as a "Sender
Site."   Selling development rights meant an increase in density at a
particular site. The Council and public had indicated there should be less
building. An appropriate Motion would be to deny the requests and instead
grant the History Museum Board an additional 12 or 18 months to develop a
program.

Council Member Holman stated the Ordinance was passed to support the
retention, restoration, and rehabilitation of historic buildings. The Ordinance
was conceived because it was a way to take advantage of private money to
promote a public good. Comprehensive Plan Policies L-51, L-52, L-53, and
L-57 encouraged preservation and rehabilitation of historic resources.
Selling TDRs did not increase already allowed density. A prior Council set a
minimum sale price for City-owned TDRs of $90 per square foot when the
Ordinance came forward. With respect to lack of public support for the
History Museum in polling, it was often difficult to obtain funding for the
arts.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern that the City would not receive
fair value for the TDRs because the market was not transparent.

12/15/2014                                                             116- 256
