                            MINUTES
Council Member Schmid defined engagement as ideas, design, and action.
Good engagement came from good data. He questioned whether outreach
would be more effective if half the contract amount was spent on gathering
good data and making it available for engagement.

Ms. Gitelman felt the City had collected and had a great deal of data. The
Existing Conditions Report contained a tremendous amount of data about
which Staff had not engaged the community.

Council Member Schmid had attended Our Palo Alto meetings. Those
meetings did not begin with provocative data, which would create
disagreement and statements of alternative positions. A sophisticated,
active community would engage when data was available.

Ms. Gitelman recalled the first Our Palo Alto event regarding demographic
trends was well attended. Staff wanted more of those kinds of events.
Community momentum had slowed, perhaps because the Council decided to
consider short-term zoning changes in advance of the Comprehensive Plan
Update. Staff did not have the capacity to plan events around ideas and
data such as demographics and housing affordability on an ongoing basis
while performing day-to-day tasks as well as developing transportation,
parking, and Comprehensive Plan initiatives. The Council authorized a
consultant to assist with activities, and Staff proposed to do that. If the
Council did not wish to approve the consultant's contract, then Staff would
not have the ability to plan events around data as suggested.

Mayor Shepherd proposed tabling the item in the interest of time.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee
to execute contract C15154961 with Flint Strategies in an amount not to
exceed $175,000 for a two-year period to provide consulting services for
communication and outreach support for the Our Palo Alto initiative and the
Department of Planning & Community Environment. The City Manager is not
to expend more than $75,000 for the contract without returning to the
Council for approval, such approval request is to contain the appropriate
metrics showing whether or not the consultant's efforts have been
successful.

Council Member Klein advised that the Motion was recommended by the City
Manager and was reasonable. He would not be adverse to a different dollar
amount if a Council Member suggested one.

Council Member Berman concurred with Council Member Klein's comments.


11/10/2014                                                          116- 105
