                     DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired whether the extent of P&TC and PARC
participation was public comment as indicated by Mr. Eggleston.

Mr. Keene stated Staff was exploring roles for the PARC and P&TC with the
Council. The Council could expect an explicit role for the PARC and P&TC.

Council Member Burt suggested the Motion state "project review process"
rather than "design review." The PARC and P&TC should be added to project
review as was the normal practice.

Mr. Keene felt project review could be interpreted many ways as well. He
asked if it was related to site and design review.

Council Member Burt answered yes, site and design review.

Mr. Keene suggested a representative from the PARC and P&TC share site
and design criteria with design teams.

Council Member Burt understood the Council had used site and design with
two different meanings.

Mr. Keene commented that site and design was a term of art and should be
clarified carefully because it was related to site design rather than design.

Council Member Holman suggested site and design be capitalized as it was in
the Code.

Council Member Burt asked Council Member Klein if that clarification would
allow him to withdraw his Amendment.

Council Member Klein stated too many people involved in the design process
at the start would not allow for innovation. Once the jury's work was
complete, the Council could require designs be reviewed by PARC and P&TC.

Council Member Burt would not support the Amendment. The Council should
follow the typical review process.

Mr. Keene asked how Staff would explain to the architect review team a
charge to analyze and recommend a design concept.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the City Manager's question was for the
Council.

Mr. Keene asked if the PARC and P&TC's role in the site and design review
process would occur after the architects made a selection.       If it was
afterwards, then that was pro forma and the Motion was making it explicit.
                                                                        Page 22 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
