                     DRAFT MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Motion needed to contain the
language if that was the usual process.

Council Member Burt explained given Mr. Eggleston's comments, the
language was needed in the Motion.

Mayor Shepherd clarified site and design review would occur prior to
concepts being presented to the Council.

Council Member Schmid asked if the intention of the Motion was for the
design recommended to the Council would be subject to site and design
review.

Council Member Holman responded yes. Site and design review would occur
after designs had been narrowed to one.

Council Member Schmid felt the Baylands experience was to remove people
from an urban environment and into a Baylands environment. He felt the
Amendment had lost site of the fact that the impact on the Baylands and the
experience of crossing the bridge into the Baylands was essential. The
ponds and marsh land on the north side of the creek would not be open once
the bridge was built. The confluence of Adobe and Barron Creeks was a
lively environment for fish and birds. Whatever design was built should be
sensitive to those two things. The PARC should have an opportunity to
provide input. He was frustrated that input would be provided on the final
design rather than all designs. He would not support the Amendment but
noted the Motion did not provide a key role for the PARC.

Vice Mayor Kniss would not support the Amendment because it did not
include an exact definition of roles. There was plenty of time for a site and
design review process. The bridge would be built in a sensitive and delicate
area which should be considered.

Council Member Scharff understood the Motion provided a role for the PARC
and P&TC in design choice.

Council Member Holman clarified the PARC and P&TC would have a role after
selection.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the City's standard procedure for
PARC, P&TC, and ARB review.

Mr. Eggleston explained without a design competition Staff would issue an
Request for Proposal (RFP), select one proposal from those submitted, and
present a contract to the Council for approval. The chosen firm would create

                                                                        Page 23 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
