                             MINUTES

Council Member Schmid assumed the language "such other matters as the
Council may deem necessary" included fees, transferability, order of priority,
and other matters. Perhaps the Ordinance should provide examples of other
issues.

Ms. Gitelman could specifically mention those issues.

Council Member Schmid advised that those were the issues mentioned often
in P&TC discussions. Specifically stating the responsibility for those issues
would be helpful.

Council Member Berman stated that 2014 was a year of planning and 2015
would be a year of execution. There would be plenty of trial and error in
2015. He concurred with public comment that RPP Districts were the
backbone of many traffic initiatives.

A parking occupancy study and a resident petition were two important steps
in supplying data to the Council. He supported the Ordinance as drafted and
presented.

Council Member Scharff felt the Ordinance should contain an exemption for
City events. He inquired whether private schools were included in the school
exemption. The exemption was not sufficiently broad. He was concerned
about penalties being misdemeanors rather than monetary. He assumed
fraudulently manufacturing permits was a felony under some other statute.
Section 10.50.100(c) was a catch-all phrase that included a misdemeanor
penalty. He inquired whether Section 10.50.100(a) meant no one could
park in a district under any circumstances or for any length of time without a
permit. That provision seemed to indicate that no one could park in an RPP
District for as little as five minutes.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the subsection intended to state that people
could not violate posted restrictions. Posted restrictions would determine
violations.

Council Member Scharff did not understand why the language included stop
or stand by a vehicle.

Ms. Gitelman requested Council Member Scharff offer substitute language.
Staff attempted to state that people had to abide by the posted regulations
in RPP Districts.

Council Member Scharff indicated that intention should be stated in the
Ordinance. The language could be "no person shall park a vehicle adjacent
to any curb in violation of any posted or noticed prohibition or restriction."


12/02/2014                                                             116- 175
