                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff indicated it was illegal to incentivize fuel switching;
the Colleague's Memo indicated the City would review rate structures that
did not penalize fuel switching.

Ms. Stump reported structuring rates consistent with Propositions 26 and
218 was very complicated. Staff would perform quite a bit of work in this
area in order to meet policy goals.

Mayor Shepherd inquired about integration of the Colleague's Memo with
work performed by the Chief Sustainability Officer, Gil Friend.

Mr. Keene felt the Colleague's Memo aligned with the general direction of the
Climate Action Plan. When Staff returned in February 2015, the Council
could hold a focused discussion regarding integration of fuel-switching
measures with the Climate Action Plan.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

24.   Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kniss and Council Members
      Holman, Klein and Price Regarding Regulation of Short-Term Rentals in
      Residential Neighborhoods (e.g., Airbnb and Related Businesses).

Council Member Klein attended the National League of Cities meeting in
November 2014 where a panel discussed the "shared economy." The
discussion indicated short-term rentals were a problem for communities.
The City was losing Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) revenue through these
businesses. The Cities of San Jose and San Francisco had negotiated
agreements with Airbnb regarding zoning rules and collection of TOT. The
Council should direct Staff to schedule a Study Session no later than March
31, 2015 to inform the Council of issues and potential actions.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct Staff to conduct a Study Session with City Council no later than March
31, 2015, on the various questions posed by businesses that facilitate short-
term rentals of rooms, apartments or houses in residential neighborhoods
(e.g., Airbnb, VRBO, etc.), what actions the City has taken, and what
actions, if any, the City should take.

Vice Mayor Kniss advised that such businesses were economically
successful; however, they did not provide any revenues to the cities in which
they operated. The Council should learn of actions taken by other cities as
well as review the new business model that did not benefit the City.




12/15/2014                                                             116- 278
