                             MINUTES
The City's carbon-free electricity portfolio was a foundation for moving
toward an energy form that would gradually reduce and eventually eliminate
carbon emissions. Zero carbon emissions was an ambitious goal.

Bruce Hodge stated the City's move to a carbon-free electricity portfolio
reduced the carbon footprint of the entire City by approximately 20 percent.
Next steps were to determine methods to drastically reduce consumption of
natural gas and gasoline. The Colleague's Memo along with the Climate
Action Plan were the beginning of a crucial next phase in the decarbonization
of energy use in Palo Alto.

Walt Hays believed this was the Council's first opportunity to take concrete
action. The Council was asking Staff to investigate the opportunities and
constraints of fuel switching and return with a reasonable recommendation.
He urged the Council to support the Colleague's Memo.

Craig Lewis remarked that fuel switching was difficult but important in
reducing carbon emissions. He encouraged the Council to support the
Colleague's Memo.

Council Member Berman recalled that the Council discussed the Climate
Action Plan and the importance of moving aggressively to reduce carbon
emissions the prior week. This was an amazing opportunity to implement
fuel-switching measures.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to direct the City Manager to prepare a report for the City Council
outlining:

1.    Prospective programs and incentives that would result in the use of
      electrical devices to replace those using natural gas; and

2.    Possible building code changes to require, where feasible, the use of
      electrical appliances rather than natural gas appliances in the
      construction and renovation of residential and commercial buildings;
      and

3.    Possible changes to utility rate structures that would not penalize fuel
      switching; and




12/15/2014                                                             116- 276
