Council Member Scharff suggested the infrastructure funding plan should
precede discussion of the bike plan.

Mr. Keene reported the bike plan would be part of the larger question of the
infrastructure funding plan. A broader discussion of the bike plan could
occur in the second quarter of the year when the Infrastructure Committee
recommended an infrastructure funding plan.

Vice Mayor Kniss suggested Staff refer to the initiative as a campaign to
hear from the community about the future. She suggested Staff utilize
social media to reach the under-40 group; include food at meetings as food
seemed to draw participants; hold small group meetings at many locations
throughout the City; and reach out to nonprofit organizations.

Mayor Shepherd remarked that this was an opportunity for the City to
regroup and listen to the community. It was important to hear from
different parts of the community. Staff should capture those things the
community wanted to retain as the City moved forward.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Keene noted the Council created a separate process and outreach
funding related to the 27 University Avenue Project.        With the
implementation of Our Palo Alto, Staff would include the 27 University
Avenue Project within the larger process.

9.   Planned Community (PC) Zoning Time-Out & Reform.                 Staff
     Recommends Adoption of a Motion: (a) Expressing the Council’s
     Intent to Defer Requests for Rezoning to the Planned Community (PC)
     Zoning District Until the Process and Requirements Regulating the PC
     Zone in Chapter 18.38 of the Municipal Code are Revised, and (b)
     Directing Staff to Return to the Council with an Analysis of Potential
     Revisions and Alternatives to the PC Zone for Public Input and
     Discussion.

Aaron Aknin, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director,
reported that Planned Community (PC) Zoning was one of the primary topics
discussed at the kickoff meeting of Our Palo Alto in early December 2013.
PC Zoning was site-specific zoning where developers or property owners
could negotiate site zoning in exchange for public benefits. There were
many successful PCs, and PC Zoning could be a successful tool. Staff heard
two overarching concerns from the community, the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), and the Council. The first concern was
that the PC negotiation process was too ad hoc in nature and there was no
framework for the process. The second concern was that the public benefits
                                                                      Page 13 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 02/03/14
