Council Member Scharff suggested the Council change their Policies and
Procedures to four Monday meetings per month and add a monthly
Wednesday meeting if necessary.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the start time for Council meetings was
stated in the Municipal Code but it could be changed by Ordinance.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct the City Attorney to draft an Ordinance to change the Municipal Code
so Council meetings began at 6:00 P.M.

Ms. Stump inquired whether the Council wished the Ordinance to state a
start time of 6:00 P.M. the first four Mondays of the month.

Council Member Scharff wanted to change the start time to 6:00 P.M. only.
A Special Meeting could be called for the fourth Monday of a month.

Council Member Holman preferred not to change the Municipal Code. The
Council could always begin meetings at 6:00 P.M. if necessary. She did not
wish to set the expectation that Council Members would attend meetings
every Monday at 6:00 P.M.

Council Member Burt noted the Council was to review protocols annually.
The Council should do that to allow public comment. He inquired whether
the Regular Meeting would begin at 6:00 P.M. and Closed Sessions at 4:00
P.M. or 5:00 P.M.       Moving the time could limit Council and public
participation. The issue needed additional thought.

Mayor Shepherd indicated she requested the Clerk not schedule meetings
prior to 6:00 P.M.

Council Member Burt asked if that included Closed Sessions.

Mayor Shepherd answered yes.

Council Member Burt inquired when Study Sessions would be held if Council
meetings began at 6:00 P.M.

Council Member Scharff explained Study Sessions were part of the Regular
Meeting. Meetings beginning at 6:00 P.M. would include Study Sessions and
Closed Sessions. Changing the start time would eliminate the need to call
them Special Meetings.


                                                                      Page 21 of 23
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 02/01/14
