Council Member Price asked if a better understanding of partners for food
scraps would be necessary for preliminary design work

Mr. Bobel replied yes.      Participation by partners in the Wastewater
Treatment Plant or other agencies would determine the size of the food
scrap facility. Staff could need to issue the RFP before determining that
information, in which case the successful bidder would have to adjust its
proposal when Staff made a determination.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff allowed sufficient time for CEQA
review in the timeline.    Mr. Bintz raised several questions related to
bid/build, design/build, and a combination of scenarios.        She inquired
whether Staff would focus on any of those questions in the next
recommendation.

Mr. Bobel was unsure if Staff would prepare a new recommendation. In the
RFP, Staff would state as clearly as the available choices.

Council Member Schmid noted public comment regarding energy price. It
was illegal for one utility to subsidize another utility on pricing. He inquired
whether that was an issue in obtaining proposals.

Mr. Bobel did not know.     Staff would work with the Utility Department to
determine a number.

Ms. Silver reported Staff would structure it in a way that complied with
Proposition 218.

Council Member Schmid understood aerobic composting needed either a
large amount of land or an enclosed building. He inquired whether isolating
aerobic composting on the 3.8 acres would be expensive.

Mr. Bobel agreed that in the existing RFP Staff specified aerobic composting
would be housed in a building. A new RFP could indicate some components
of aerobic composting did not need to be located in an enclosed container.

Council Member Schmid believed partners could question whether they were
subsidizing local activity if the City combined Components 2-4 in a single
RFP and judged the RFP on total cost. He requested Staff address that
issue.

Mr. Bobel explained that Staff would issue multiple RFPs or a single heavily
compartmentalized RFP so that the analysis was focused on individual
components. Anything related to wastewater had to be separated from
something related to food scraps and yard trimmings.



04/29/2014                                                              114- 532
