                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Burt wanted the two issues to return to the Council as
separate action items. Under the current action item, Council Members
could discuss both issues.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Council Member Burt was proposing for the two
issues to return as two separate topics should the Council not take action on
them.

Council Member Burt answered yes.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

Council Member Holman was concerned about reducing the time for public
comment for such a large topic.

Mayor Shepherd would allow the standard three minutes for each public
speaker.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, advised
that written responses to Council Member Holman's questions were provided
at-places.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official, reported the Grand Boulevard vision
sought an integrated pedestrian environment with wide, continuous
sidewalks, landscaping, lighting, and signage, all with human-scale details.
Because the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) sidewalk
right-of-way was 8 feet in width, the City would need a 10 foot building
setback in order to achieve a continuous 18 foot sidewalk setback without
encroaching into the roadway. Staff and the ARB had followed the South El
Camino Design Guidelines (Guidelines) since 2002 and utilized the build-to
line and effective sidewalk-width language.        The 2005 Zoning Code
incorporated the Guidelines extensively. The 2005 Zoning Code had a
setback range that began at 0 feet and did not require a 4 foot minimum
setback. The Code contained an effective sidewalk, but did not include a
definition for effective sidewalk. The Zoning Code definition of lot area did
not allow an owner to include the area of the front setback in the FAR
calculation if there was an easement across the setback to provide a public
walkway.      The 1998 Zoning Code required a 10 foot setback in the
Neighborhood Commercial (CN) Zone and required a landscape screen in the
setback. The Community Commercial (CC) and Services Commercial (CS)
Zones did not require a 10 foot setback and screening. The Council provided
direction regarding sidewalks and building setbacks in 2013 and FAR in
2014. Staff conducted a joint meeting with the PTC and the ARB in July
2013 and held several public hearings regarding a draft concept and
                                                                           Page 8 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
