                              MINUTES
Mr. Woods replied pledges were outright pledges.

Council Member Price inquired whether any entities expressed interest in a
public-private partnership.

Mr. Woods stated the Board considered a number of other public-private
partnerships and explored several avenues.     The project was delayed
because the Board had hoped for another form of public-private partnership.
The Board was reviewing other government funding agencies as well.

Council Member Price was interested in the City providing a combination of
approaches: a matching grant of $400,000, a loan of $800,000, and a gift
of $800,000. This proposal would require phasing of programs.

Council Member Burt asked if the City would remain as the owner of the
Roth Building.

Mr. Perez replied yes. The City acquired the building in April 2000.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the City would own the appreciated
value of the rehabilitated building.

Mr. Perez noted there could be a depreciation adjustment.       The maximum
term for a lease was 50 years.

Council Member Burt recalled that the City had an issue regarding the rear
wings not being a part of the historic structure. Part of the rehabilitation
costs was repairs to the back half of the building. He inquired about the
amount of rehabilitation costs related to the back half of the building.

Mr. Green reported the cost for a new back wall and some additional
features would be approximately $1 million according to the current
architectural plans.

Council Member Burt felt the City bore some responsibility for the condition
of the back half of the building. He asked if the Board could utilize $1 million
from the City as reimbursement for repairs as a matching fund.

Mr. Green responded yes. That would be extremely meaningful to the donor
community and they would step up.

Council Member Holman recalled a brief history of the City's ownership of
the Roth Building. Fundraising for a History Museum began in 2007.

Mr. Perez agreed that the City released a Request for Proposals (RFP) in
2004; however, there were other issues.
                                                                           Page 9 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 3/24/2014
