                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff asked why the Plan included additional
compensation for the Mayor and Vice Mayor. They were not Management
and Professional Employees.

Sandra Blanch, People Strategy and Operations Assistant Director, explained
that the Plan outlined benefits for Council Members and stipends for the
Mayor and Vice Mayor.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Plan stated the benefits for which
Council Members were eligible.

Ms. Blanch would provide the information at a later time.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that Staff would present an item in
January 2015 regarding the Council's salary. At that time, Staff would also
present a clean-up amendment to an Ordinance stating that the Council set
the Mayor and Vice Mayor stipend annually by Resolution.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Vice Mayor Kniss left the meeting at 11:25 P.M.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Price attended many workshops at the Congress of Cities
Conference in Austin. At the Innovation and Entrepreneurship workshop,
Open Government and Code of America referred to their work with the City
of Palo Alto. She requested Staff provide a brief update regarding work with
Open Government and Code of America.

Council Member Klein advised that several meetings during the Congress of
Cities Conference were applicable to Palo Alto. Airbnb and Aspects of the
Sharing Economy would be the subject of a Colleague's Memo. He toured
affordable housing in Austin, which had passed two bond measures for
affordable housing in five years. He also attended sessions on cities with too
much water and cities with too little water; both were applicable to Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman toured affordable housing and the animal shelter
during the Congress of Cities Conference. Austin's animal shelter was also
supported by a bond measure. She requested the meeting be adjourned in
memory of Betsy Allen, who passed away the previous week. Ms. Allen was
a community advocate and political activist.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:34 P.M.



12/08/2014                                                             116- 225
