                       FINAL MINUTES
Mayor Scharff appreciated Vice Mayor Nancy Shepherd as Vice Mayor. He
felt Vice Mayor Shepherd showed strong regional leadership ability,
especially in relation to High Speed Rail; she engaged internationally, she
created an internship with the Smart City in Yangpu China, and was involved
with the Governor’s Office and the Bay Area Council.

Council Member Schmid commented that Council Committees were
important and out of the three new Committees formed in 2013, three
Council Members were appointed to all three new Committees. He asked
Vice Mayor Shepherd if she planned on having all Council Members share in
the Committee experience.

Vice Mayor Shepherd stated yes.

William Byron Webster endorsed Vice Mayor Shepherd as the new Mayor.
She was qualified to deal with regional issues, especially interaction with
East Palo Alto and parking in the Crescent Park area.         She showed
leadership with neighboring cities, especially with regard to the Stanford
Medical Center and the impacts on East Palo Alto.

NOMINATION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Shepherd thanked the Council for her appointment. She thanked the
former Mayor for his strong leadership in shaping Council meetings and his
ability to tackle big issues in Palo Alto. She mentioned the rigor that each
Council Member put into their work. There were many Items coming up in
2014; she wanted to get Palo Alto mobile and to use the mobility techniques
to enrich the quality of life.

3.   Election of the Vice Mayor for 2014.

NOMINATION: Council Member Price nominated Council Member Kniss for
Vice Mayor for 2014.

NOMINATION: Council Member Burt nominated Council Member Holman
for Vice Mayor for 2014.

Council Member Price noted Council Member Kniss’ long established elected
official history and talked about she was aware of how politics worked and
was able to achieve policy and project outcome. Council Member Kniss

                                                                         Page 7 of 11
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 01/06/14
