8A.   (Former Agenda Item No.2) Adoption of a Budget Amendment
       Ordinance 5234 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
       Alto” and Approval of a Construction Contract with Redgwick
       Construction Company in The Amount of $7,143,031 for the California
       Avenue Streetscape Improvements Project, including Waterline
       Replacement.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to: 1)
approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute, the
construction contract with Redgwick Construction Company in an amount not
to exceed $6,211,331 for the Based Bid elements of the California Avenue
Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape Improvement Project, CIP PL-11002; 2)
authorize City Manager or his designee to negotiate and execute one or
more change orders to the contract with Redgwick Construction Company for
related, unforeseen work, which may develop during the project, for a total
value of not to exceed $931,700, or 10 percent of the Based Bid work,
bringing the total construction contract award total of $7,143,031; and 3)
adopt a Budget Amendment Ordinance to increase funding for the California
Avenue Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape Improvements Project (PL-11002)
in the amount of $5,370,745 and a reduction to the Infrastructure Reserve
by $4,740,745 as well as other adjustments to the General Fund and Water
Fund.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

ACTION ITEMS

9.    Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Recommendations. Staff
      Recommends City Council Authorize Staff to Take The Following
      Actions In Furtherance of a Coordinated TDM Program Aimed At
      Reducing Traffic Congestion And Parking Demand: a. Solicit Proposals
      to Establish; a. Non-Profit Transportation Management Authority
      (TMA); b. Solicit Proposals For An Expanded Palo Alto Shuttle
      Program; c. Solicit Proposals to Provide Car Share Services Within
      City-Owned Parking Lots; and d. Evaluate Rideshare Tools, Including
      a Trial of the Twogo Rideshare App, for Coordination and Marketing By
      The TMA.


12.   City Council Authorization to Staff and the City Manager to Enter into
      an Agreement with the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board to
      Introduce the Caltrain Go Pass into the Civic Center Transportation
      Demand Management Program.


                                  3                    February 24, 2014
