Council Member Berman suggested Staff Reports provide a list of acronyms
and terms in the beginning so the readers could more easily follow along.
He asked if Staff would be supplying the information on how they arrived at
the updated numbers when they return to Council.

Mr. Bobel responded yes. The only number that would change was the net
present value for the OFP.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff would provide scoring criteria for any
new RFP.

Mr. Bobel replied yes.

Council Member Berman recalled Measure E had a ten-year timeframe, and
asked if that was an issue.

Ms. Silver reported the ten-year timeframe was a consideration. Measure E
contained a specific reversion clause. If the property was not utilized for the
purposes in Measure E, the property could revert. The Council would need
to take action at that point.

Council Member Berman inquired whether potential breakthroughs in new
technology regarding composting would be advantageous for the City.

Mr. Krupp indicated one of the chief purposes of the energy compost facility
RFP was to gauge the marketplace for new technology. None of the
proposals utilized dry anaerobic digestion or gasification pyrolysis. Staff was
following movement in technology, but did not want to test new technology.

Mr. Bobel added that Staff would immediately release an RFP under
alternative recommendations. He anticipated the final process would be
aerobic composting.

Council Member Berman recalled public comment to create a new wildlife
corridor and asked if that was possible.

Mr. Bobel advised it was possible to create a new corridor on the opposite
side of the property. However, whether the animals would use the new
corridor was unknown.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff was confident a City Auditor
review was not needed.

Mr. Bobel did not believe a review by the City Auditor would add value. The
net present value number would be approximately the same even with
changes. Staff would provide background data for the net present value.


04/29/2014                                                             114- 534
