                             MINUTES

Mr. Teresi reported that checks were performed for nesting birds, and the
soil was not going to be stockpiled on any wetland areas, near any
endangered species. There was no added risk to the wildlife at this time.

Council Member Holman wanted clarification where the increased soil would
be delivered to.

Mr. Teresi said the soil delivery place was the same but the piles would be
higher and added that the issues of the soil were addressed in the EIR.

Council Member Berman felt the RWQCB actions were irresponsible and the
JPA had a Flood Control Plan. Staff hoped the project would begin in 2014,
but the delays continued. These issues needed to be resolved because it put
nearby communities in danger, especially East Palo Alto. The longer there
was an obstruction, the more likely there were repercussions. It was not the
RWQCB, but its staff that caused the problem.

Council Member Burt said the RWQCB linked the City’s permit to the JPA
permit, which caused a rationale for refusal of the permit and the continued
set of requests. A RWQCB staff member stated that the levees in Palo Alto
were being constructed taller than levees on the East Palo Alto side; this was
explained but brought up a month later. Their delays put people at risk
because the levees protected East Palo Alto. There was a misconception
regarding the amount of downstream water flow that the project
accommodated; even though it was explained, there was still a
misunderstanding. The RWQCB Board Members had watershed expertise,
but many of their questions did not seem genuine and deterred from the
Golf Course Project. The members of Palo Alto and East Palo Alto needed to
voice their concerns about the actions of the RWQCB and their staff.
Assemblymember Gordon and State Senator Hill were concerned because
there was a question of whether this agency was abusing their authority to
the detriment of many people.

Mayor Shepherd thought there was confusion in the community about how
only the bridges needed to be replaced, but that was not the situation.
Menlo Park and East Palo Alto were just as anxious for the permits as Palo
Alto. It was important to continue to act. The contract came in a little
above the Engineering Funds Contract, and yet Staff was able to negotiate
some Change Orders to bring the contract back into the type of expenditures
that was intended for the Golf Course. Income was lost due to the Golf
Course not being open.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

06/23/2014                                                       115- 195
