                             MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to eliminate the Embarcadero Road Satellite Project from
consideration to solve parking problems. Provide an opportunity to discuss
the list of potential parking solutions from February 2014 at the August 18,
2014 meeting.

Council Member Holman explained that the Comprehensive Plan and
Baylands Master Plan were not considered in this item. She had never
supported the location on Embarcadero Road. The cost per space was high.
The project provided very few additional parking spaces. Public comment
indicated the existing shuttle service was not reliable. She inquired whether
Staff obtained public input regarding use of the Embarcadero Road location.

Ms. Gitelman reported one objective of the project was to determine
whether satellite parking was a low-cost, short-term solution that could
attract commuters to park there.       Compared to constructing parking
structures in Downtown, satellite parking required less time to implement
and cost considerably less. The analysis would include possible transfer of
impacts to other neighborhoods as well as Baylands policies.

Council Member Holman remarked that the cost of satellite parking was not
only monetary but also environmental and aesthetic. Once an area was
degraded, it would most likely remain degraded. She wanted to discuss the
list of potential parking solutions at the August 18, 2014 meeting.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the item would include a discussion of the
list of items discussed in February 2014.

Council Member Holman replied yes.

Mr. Keene requested clarification regarding a holistic discussion of parking
items the following week.

Council Member Holman felt the Council should discuss and question all
parking solutions.

Mr. Keene advised that the Staff Report for the August 18 meeting was
complete and could not be modified.

Council Member Holman was requesting the ability for the Council to discuss,
question, or consider all parking options.



                                                                       Page 13 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
