                             MINUTES
years and to articulate the shades of gray between the alternatives in those
limited areas of the City.

Council Member Burt understood the first round of Council discussion would
be limited to questions about the process. He did not hear the Mayor state
when the Council would comment regarding the process.

Mayor Shepherd explained that the current discussion concerned the scoping
portion of the process. The next round would be questions about the
scenarios, followed by reviewing and voting on the scenarios.

Council Member Burt clarified that he wanted to know when the Council
would discuss the process. The Council should discuss the process rather
than assuming it would proceed with one sequence.

Mayor Shepherd indicated Staff was in the process of drafting the EIR. The
next phase would be more narrow.

Mr. Keene advised that the Council was asked to restrict its questions to the
process as Staff described it. After public comment, the Council had the
opportunity to propose changes to the process. The purpose of the meeting
was to obtain an understanding of Staff's proposals and of public thoughts.
The Council had to decide if or how the process should be adapted.

Council Member Burt remarked that a Council discussion of the process in
the current meeting or in Wednesday's meeting would address his concern.

Mr. Keene commented that the schedule for the Comprehensive Plan Update
could be achieved only if the Council understood and supported the process.

Council Member Burt questioned the intent of the goal on Page 2 regarding
Council direction for beginning EIR analysis and providing specific additional
information for refinement of alternative scenarios. There did not appear to
be an opportunity for the Council to provide direction regarding significant
changes to the scenarios including combinations or reductions of scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff's desire was for the Council either to direct Staff
to proceed with preparation of the EIR taking into consideration input
received during the scoping period and based on the four alternatives with
specified modifications and refinements or to identify specific additional
information required to proceed.      Staff sought Council comments and
directions on the alternatives, including modifications and/or additional
information the Council needed to better define the alternatives. The
ultimate goal was to obtain Council direction to proceed with the EIR
analysis.


                                                                         Page 13 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/04/14
