                             MINUTES

Adina Levin recommended the Council view the Comprehensive Plan from a
sustainability and carbon emissions lens building on the Climate Action Plan
update. Senate Bill (SB) 743 replaced the automotive level of service in the
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) with a different metric to better
assess the environmental impact of transportation impacts. The Governor's
Office was considering metrics of vehicle miles traveled or vehicle miles
traveled per capita. As part of the Climate Action Plan, Staff currently
tracked vehicle miles traveled.

Eric Filseth agreed with Mr. Michael regarding a vision statement. The
overall thrust of the Comprehensive Plan from its inception was to preserve
the livability and neighborhood character of Palo Alto and to avoid the
sacrifice of these things in pursuit of other goals. The Comprehensive Plan
should focus first and foremost on residents' issues and should clearly
identify livability as the overriding priority as measured by density, traffic,
safety, infrastructure, school crowding, parking, pollution, and City services.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether colleagues would support an initial 5-
minute round of comments. She proposed either three rounds of comments,
one for each question, or a first round of initial thinking followed by
subsequent rounds.

Council Member Scharff supported two rounds of comments.

Council Member Schmid suggested a first round of 10 minutes for each
Council Member and a shorter second round.

Vice Mayor Kniss suggested three rounds and 5-6 minutes for each
colleague.

Council Member Klein questioned the purpose of the Council's discussion.

Mayor Shepherd wished to determine a procedure for Council discussion.
Staff proposed a process to obtain information from the Council.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
for Council to respond to the three questions that Staff is proposing, but also
to review the Planning and Transportation Commission Draft Comprehensive
Plan to indicate agreement or disagreement with major policies, but not to
wordsmith it.




05/05/2014                                                             114- 557
