direction to add those needs. At the same time, DIF were practically applied
when a building permit was obtained. If the Council delayed adjustments on
recommended categories to obtain information for all categories, then the
City would lose revenue from increased fees for recommended categories.
Moving forward on some categories was in the City's best interests even if
the Council acknowledged it needed additional information for other
categories.

Council Member Scharff understood the City Manager suggested reviewing
DIF more frequently. He asked if more projects should be contained in the
needs list even though they could be removed from the list by November
2014.

Mr. Lalo Perez acknowledged that Staff should have given the Council the
full list of areas considered so the Council could appreciate the extensive
review. The full list for parks and recreation facilities contained 33 items
totaling a net cost of $57 million and included $6 million for athletic fields at
the Golf Course, $11 million for a City gymnasium, Cubberley field
restrooms, Cubberley roof replacement, Cubberley mechanical and electrical
upgrades, and Cubberley tennis courts. Even after including those dollar
figures, the analysis determined that an increased fee was not warranted.

Council Member Scharff stated rates did not necessarily decrease.

Mr. Nathan Perez responded correct.        The Council retained authority to
charge less.

Council Member Scharff asked if the City was forced to lower the rate
because cost amounts were insufficient to maintain the current fee amount.

Mr. Nathan Perez replied no.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether legally the Council was required to
reduce an existing fee.

Mr. Nathan Perez indicated the law did not specifically state that. City
departments did an excellent job of reviewing projects.        He did not
encourage benchmarking or finding a certain number that would result in
increased DIF. Staff developed a list of needs that did not meet the
threshold to increase rates. It could happen in a few years, at which time
the rates could be updated.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether a decision was made on the three
issued mentioned at the Finance Committee meeting.


                                                                          Page 13 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 03/03/14
