Council Member Scharff      asked   if   90   degree   diagonal   parking      was
perpendicular parking.

Mr. Rodriguez responded yes. Staff's design for Embarcadero Road would
provide 132 parking spaces, and parking at the Baylands Athletic Center
would provide 66 spaces for a total of 198. Staff would validate the ability
to use parking lots at the Baylands Athletic Center.

Council Member Schmid believed the description of transferring impacts was
accurate and correct. Outside commuters would benefit, while residents
would bear the cost. He recommended Staff ask the public for their opinion
of the idea.

Mayor Shepherd stated this was the most unattractive proposal. Commuters
traveling from the train to Embarcadero Road could use the shuttle. If more
playing fields were located in that area, then traffic would be stressed when
fields were active.

MOTION #3 RESTATED AS AMENDED: Council Member Scharff moved,
seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to Direct Staff to solicit proposals for
environmental review of spaces of satellite parking for discussion and
possible award in June.


MOTION #3 PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

MOTION #4: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to authorize permit sales to SOFA Employees at Lot CC – Civic Center
immediately.

Council Member Holman inquired about public access for the 800 High Street
parking garage.

Mr. Rodriguez reported 53 parking spaces were available for permit use
during the day, and 10 parking spaces were available for hourly parking. A
wait list of approximately 71 people was prioritized for employees in SOFA.

Council Member Holman asked if the garage closed at 5:00 P.M.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated permit parking was allowed between 8:00 A.M. and
5:00 P.M. After that, spaces reverted to resident use.

MOTION #4 PASSED: 9-0
                                                                         Page 30 of 37
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 2/10/14
