                             MINUTES
Ms. Griego relayed that having a permanent access road was not part of the
Mayfield Development Agreement, and they were not willing to renegotiate
that. They did not think the traffic numbers warranted another public road.
It was unsafe, it mixed incompatible uses, and the design put forward
achieved the goals, which was to knit this development with College Terrace
through safe streets that were tied into the grid system of College Terrace.
They felt that it was not prudent planning.

Council Member Holman questioned whether Staff agreed that adding
another street alleviated traffic on Columbia Street.

Ms. Gitelman answered that a lot of the people in the neighborhood would
use it if it was available them. She had to look at that in detail and did not
feel that Staff had the ability to impose this condition, so it did not warrant
that level of analysis.

Council Member Holman was not sure how people in the neighborhood would
be able to access it.

Ms. McCown said if someone wanted to get to Page Mill Road, they would
turn right on California Avenue and then turn right again on Hanover Street;
they did not use Columbia Street. If a person wanted to get onto Page Mill
Road, they had to drive half a block down California Avenue toward El
Camino Real, and turn right on Hanover Street where there was a stop light
on Page Mill Road. Having a driveway that directed traffic through the
neighboring parcel to Page Mill Road did not have anything to do with traffic
on Columbia Street; the cars that wanted to get to Page Mill Road were not
driving on Columbia Street.

Mayor Shepherd mentioned that this discussion was not part of the appeal.

Council Member Holman wanted to know how a person got onto Hanover
Street.

Ms. McCown answered that a person would come out the new street that
linked up with Columbia Street, then turn right toward El Camino Real, on
California Avenue; the next stop sign was Hanover Street, which took people
to Page Mill Road.

Council Member Holman wanted to eliminate traffic on Columbia Street,
which she understood was accessed by California Avenue.


06/23/2014                                                        115- 224
