     Amending Gas Rate Schedules G-3 and G-8 and Utility Rules and
     Regulations 2, 3, 5 and 13.”

5.   Finance Committee Recommends Approval to Issue the Request for
     Proposals and Undertake a Procurement Process for Street Sweeping
     Contractor Services.

6.   Appeal of Director's Approval of a Sign Exception for a Wall sign at the
     Tesla Motors Dealership at 4180 El Camino Real.

7.   Approval of Amendment Number One with CoalFire Systems Inc., for
     Contract Number S14150215 in the Amount of $3700, and 20 Percent
     Contingency.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Numbers 3-5, 7: 9-0

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Number 6: 7-2              Holman, Schmid no

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Our Palo Alto: A Community Conversation About Our City’s Future.
     Staff Requests Council Input and Endorsement of a Three-Part
     Strategy To Engage Residents in a Community Conversation About the
     Future Of Our City.     The Strategy Would Include (a) A Series Of
     Conversations and Events Focused On Ideas, Dialogue and Building
     Community (b) Near Term Actions Aimed at Addressing Today’s
     Critical Issues; and (c) Community Engagement Effort Aimed at the
     Design Of Alternative Futures Through the Comprehensive Plan Update
     Planning Process.


MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to accept Staff recommendation to endorse “Our Palo Alto: A
Community Conversation about our City’s             Future” as a conceptual
framework for ideas, actions, and design during the next year, and
requesting that staff (a) convene a series of topical conversations and
events throughout the year aimed at building community by broadening civic
engagement about issues and ideas that are important to our City; (b)
return to the Council with specific recommendations regarding near-term
actions to address critical issues such as traffic and parking; and (c) return
to Council with a specific schedule and scope of work to create a blueprint
for the future of land use and development in our City by re-framing the
ongoing update to the Comprehensive Plan to include broad community

                                   2                      February 3, 2014
