Council Member Berman disagreed.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Members remain on point in the
discussion.

Council Member Schmid reiterated that a 1/8 cent sales tax increase would
substitute for a TOT tax increase.

Council Member Scharff understood the Substitute Motion would produce
$43.4 million less than the Motion. A 3 percent TOT tax increase would
create $79.8 million.

Mr. Keene clarified that the 3 percent TOT tax increase created $46.2
million.

Council Member Scharff asked if the revenue amount was from all hotels.

Mr. Hackmann explained that tax revenue included the new hotels coming
online in addition to the TOT tax increase.

Mr. Keene added that revenue was more than just the 3 percent marginal
increase.

Council Member Scharff stated the difference then was $10 million.

Mr. Keene reported a 3 percent TOT tax would generate $46.2 million and a
1/8 cent sales tax increase would generate $36.4 million.

Council Member Scharff believed the Council would need to reduce projects
by $10 million under a 1/8 cent sales tax increase.

Council Member Holman remarked that a sales tax increase was not as
certain as a TOT tax increase, and inquired whether a sales tax increase
could be placed on the ballot with a TOT tax increase.

Mr. Keene reported the general feeling was negative regarding two
measures on one ballot.

Mr. Eggleston recalled the consultant stated a measure with the polling level
of sales tax probably would fare poorly if accompanied with another
measure.

Mayor Shepherd liked the Infrastructure Committee's recommendation
because it accomplished almost all projects. The Council should proceed
with a strong statement of how it would collect revenues in order to catch up
infrastructure needs. A TOT tax increase was compelling.

                                                                       Page 28 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/03/14
