                             MINUTES
Mr. Rossmann had not finalized the total. Staff would present a BAO to the
Council at the end of June and would include additional revenue from soil
imports and other changes to set up the contract with sufficient funding in
the next fiscal year if permits were approved.

Mr. Keene indicated the Golf Course was losing $50,000-$60,000 per month.
The plan was to add sufficient funding through the end of the summer. The
commitment to the contractor for the Golf Course construction extended
through the middle of July 2014. Additional issues related to whether the
contract could be extended or would have to be rebid.

Mayor Shepherd asked when Staff could provide an update to the Council.

Mr. Keene noted the tentative June 23, 2014 Agenda included an item for
consideration of the Golf Course contract. He might have to ask the Council
to review the contract but delegate to the City Manager the authority to
award the contract sometime during the Council recess.

Mayor Shepherd would look for an item on June 23 for the Golf Course. She
would not ask for a change in the Proposed Budget. Because of the
uncertainty, a Budget Amendment Ordinance would be appropriate. She
requested Staff provide a sketch of the impact to the Budget on June 23.

Mr. Rossmann referred to packet page 1069 which provided Golf Course
financial information. The Proposed Budget assumed the Golf Course would
be closed the entire 2015 fiscal year. If the Golf Course remained open,
Staff would present a BAO with changes for that.

Mayor Shepherd had great concerns about the Golf Course's impact to the
Budget.

Council Member Holman recalled that the Alma Plaza Community Room was
a public benefit of the Planned Community (PC). The Staff Report indicated
fees for use of the room followed guidelines as outlined in Policy I-29. She
did not understand why the fees followed those guidelines when the room
was a public benefit.

Gregg Betts, Community Services Director, explained that fees were charged
for exclusive use events; those events not open to the public. If an
organization held a meeting that aligned with the programs and services of
the City, then there was no charge. Use of the Alma Plaza meeting room for
a discussion, seminar, lecture, or author reading did not incur fees for
liability insurance. If alcohol was served or attendance was greater than 150
people, then liability fees would apply. The City had no storage space at
                                                                       Page 29 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 06/09/14
