Ms. Gitelman indicated the P&TC had completed its review                       and
recommendation regarding the California Avenue Concept Area Plan.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the California Avenue Concept
Area Plan contained a plan for the Fry's site.

Ms. Gitelman reported it contained a land use plan of the Fry's site and its
surroundings.

Council Member Scharff asked if the plan was for RM-30 zoning or mixed-use
development.

Ms. Gitelman answered mixed use.

Mr. Keene believed the Council could consider the California Avenue Concept
Area Plan separately from the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Burt asked how the proposed changes to the Motion would
affect Staff's proposed process.

Ms. Gitelman did not believe proposed changes would alter the outlined
process. The Council was asking Staff to schedule a discussion of the
outreach process at a Council meeting. The P&TC reviewed the California
Avenue Concept Area Plan and made a recommendation. Staff could bring
that to the Council as they proceeded with other activities. That should not
affect the process, unless the Council requested changes and additional
information.

Council Member Burt asked how Staff would incorporate any lessons learned
from the prior Comprehensive Plan and SOFA processes in the proposed
process.

Ms. Gitelman understood Staff was to review the past processes and
determine if there were any lessons they could apply to the proposed
schedule and process. If the Council did not support the proposed process
and wanted Staff to modify it after reviewing the lessons learned, Staff could
do so. She hoped the Council would support the proposed process. Staff
would present the P&TC's recommendation for the California Avenue Concept
Area Plan, at which time the Council could offer comments and possibly
endorse the direction of the plan. The Council could not take action on it,
because Staff had not completed the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) review, which would be performed as part of the EIR process.

Council Member Burt did not hear any comments regarding incorporating
any lessons learned.

                                                                        Page 23 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/17/14
