MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve the Infrastructure Committee recommendation that
Council approve the Infrastructure Project Funding Plan that allocates
existing and potential future City funding to a prioritized project list with the
recommendation to move forward with a three percentage point Transient
Occupancy Tax (TOT) increase.

Council Member Scharff indicated the Council was in reach of fulfilling almost
all infrastructure projects. Assuming the Motion passed, the Council could
be proud it was resolving 90 percent of the infrastructure issues.

Council Member Berman felt the Infrastructure Committee's decision to
prioritize a PSB and to allocate existing resources to it was remarkable. He
agreed with the list of projects; however, he was not convinced that a TOT
tax increase was the correct revenue measure. Currently Palo Alto's TOT tax
rate was comparable to neighboring cities. If Palo Alto increased the TOT tax
rate 3 percent, it would have the highest rate in the Bay Area. Palo Alto's
current sales tax rate was 8 3/4 percent, the same as most other cities in
Santa Clara County. San Mateo and Alameda Counties' baseline sales tax
rate was 9 percent. If Palo Alto increased its sales tax rate by 1/8 cent, it
would be marginally higher than other cities in Santa Clara County and lower
than San Mateo and Alameda Counties. A sales tax increase warranted
further study to determine the community's support. He questioned the
validity of polling results for a sales tax, because of the way survey
questions were asked and the list of general infrastructure projects
mentioned with sales tax questions. Palo Alto could pass a TOT tax increase
for anything. This could be an opportunity for the City to utilize a different
revenue measure that might not be easy to pass in the future. A TOT tax
increase could be utilized for future projects. There was sufficient time to
poll on sales tax.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Kniss to direct Staff to do another poll testing a 1/8 of a cent sales
tax increase.

Vice Mayor Kniss agreed that a TOT tax increase was the easy way to
generate revenue. The Council should consider a sales tax first. A sales tax
increase was a way for the community to support the infrastructure projects
in which the community believed. If a sales tax increase polled at 61
percent, it stood a good chance of passing. She preferred for Palo Alto to
remain competitive with neighboring cities and to give the community the
opportunity to support infrastructure projects.

Council Member Price would not support the Substitute Motion. Given the
analysis and polling that went into compiling the report, she was comfortable
                                                                          Page 24 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 03/03/14
