                      FINAL MINUTES

Mr. Bobel assumed local price meant the price that the City could obtain for
power offered for sale by the facility.

Council Member Klein felt the key point was to proceed expeditiously. The
Council's discussion had to be substantially influenced by citizens' support of
Measure E. Staff's alternative recommendation accomplished that.

Council Member Holman supported Staff's original recommendation. The
language of Measure E indicated the City had to find that composting would
be financially and environmentally favorable.             Without a California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) analysis, that was unknown. She did not
understand why it was more advantageous for others to bring their waste to
Palo Alto than for Palo Alto to take its waste to others.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to:

   1. Reject all proposals received in response to the “Energy/Compost
      Facility or Export Option for Food Scraps, Yard Trimmings, and
      Biosolids” Request for Proposals (E/CF RFP) process.
   2. Begin to pursue the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP) by hiring a Program
      Management firm.
   3. Apply for a State Water Resources Control Board State Revolving Fund
      (SRF) loan for Component One of the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP).
   4. Initiate design of Component One of the OFP, Biosolids Dewatering and
      Truck Haul-Out Facility, including direction to prepare related
      modifications to the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP)
      partner agency agreements.
   5. Initiate predesign of Component Two, Development of a Thermal
      Hydrolysis Process Wet Anaerobic Digestion (THP AD) facility, at the
      RWQCP; Component Three, Food Scrap Preprocessing; and Component
      Four, Yard Trimmings Processing of the OFP, including the following:
      a. Determine the price of electricity that the RWQCP will receive for
         power generated by the facility;
      b. Establish the optimum size of the THP AD facility built to
         accommodate biosolids for a 30-year planning horizon as well as
         capacity for food scraps, which Palo Alto and any other jurisdiction
         would commit to bring to the facility;
      c. Establish a list of contributing partner agencies who commit to bring
         food scraps to the facility;
      d. Finalize a financing plan for Component Two of the OFP;
      e. Determine the appropriate purchasing and project delivery
         mechanisms that should be utilized to develop the OFP; and
                                                                            Page 12 of 26
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 5/12/13
