                      FINAL MINUTES
12 feet. The minimum sidewalk width would remain 12 feet but there would
be ARB discretion to increase that.

Public Hearing opened at 8:08 P.M.

Andrew Pierce, spokesperson for a group of at least five members, stated his
law firm had been retained by 14 South El Camino Real landowners who
were concerned about the proposal to widen sidewalks. The proposal in its
current form could be an unconstitutional taking of land. The proposal was
really a right-of-way, for which the City had to pay. Case law had not been
friendly to cities. The PTC voted not to recommend the proposal. The
proposal would negatively affect the value of his clients' properties. He
urged the Council to think carefully before acting, because the proposal
amounted to taking a right-of-way without paying for it.

Julie Handley concurred with Mr. Pierce in that the sidewalk proposal
appeared to be a taking of property. Three projects along El Camino Real
were not in compliance with the proposal and precluded that portion of El
Camino Real from being a real boulevard. The Council should not adopt the
proposal individually.

Tracy May understood the City wanted to change El Camino Real by
converting two-story buildings into four-story buildings.     This was not
feasible for many properties along El Camino Real, because they were small
and lacked depth for this type of project. The sidewalk proposal would leave
little useable property for landowners.

Kumaran Santhanam believed the Grand Boulevard vision seemed to be a
one-size-fits-all plan that was not consistent within Palo Alto. The initiative
needed more thought. There could be disproportionate devaluation of
property. He urged the Council to consider the rights of property owners.

Brian Knudson believed the visibility of small businesses could be decreased
by trees and landscaping along the sidewalk. Small parcels could be
impossible to develop or sell under the proposed Ordinance. There should
be further study on the items.

Peter Eng stated the photograph of the Grand Boulevard vision was not
realistic. Staff should analyze the foot traffic along El Camino Real and
consider the economic impact of the proposals.

Yatin Patel felt the concept of El Camino Real as a vibrant, pedestrian-
friendly thoroughfare was misguided. Inconsistent sidewalk widths would be

                                                                           Page 10 of 26
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
