Zoning. The project created no California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
impacts for traffic; improved the level of service of the Page Mill Road-El
Camino Real intersection; included a Transportation Demand Management
Plan; and requested no parking reduction for the TDM Plan. The site was
currently zoned Public Facility (PF) and required rezoning to construct a
private building. He compared zoning requirements for CS and PC Zones.
Public benefits were well vetted and developed with City guidance.

Mr. Pollock reviewed public benefits proposed for the 2755 El Camino Real
Project. The project would dedicate 12 feet to widen Page Mill Road. The
proposed tenant for the project was First Republic Bank. A third-party
municipal financial consultant reviewed the package of the project;
compared the project to a project under CS Zoning; and concluded that the
proposed public benefit was equal to $2.55 million. The proposed project
would fulfill design criteria for the site.

Jim Baer endorsed the 2755 El Camino Real Project for PC Zoning.

Neilson Buchanan supported PC Zoning; however, he urged the Council to
review PC Zoning. He asked which independent body would represent the
City in determining whether to accept the offer proposed by the 2755 El
Camino Real Project.

Robert Moss felt the City had not received any public benefits from PC
Zoning. The Staff Report did not mention enforcement for PC Zones. The
City needed an independently quantifiable comparison of public and private
benefits. The Council should adopt a moratorium for PC Zoning.

Herb Borock noted that Staff recommended the Council vote for an
expression of intent, which did not have the force of law. Staff proposed
only one alternative, a moratorium. The most direct and legally supportable
action was an Ordinance that would eliminate the current PC Zone District
Regulations for new applications.

Stephanie Munoz wished the Council would concentrate on the fact that the
public benefit of a PC Zone could not be obtained by any other means. She
hoped a PC Zone for senior housing at Maybell would be allowed.

Martin Bernstein, speaking as an individual, did not believe a time-out was
needed for PC Zoning, because the Council could deny any application for PC
Zoning.

James Keene, City Manager, clarified that the Council would not discuss a
topic that was not properly advertised. The current topic for Council
discussion was related to a PC time-out and Staff suggestions regarding a
                                                                     Page 15 of 30
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 02/03/14
