                      FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Keene wanted to develop a facile method for choosing a date so that
Staff could report implications of that date. Staff would likely take the
liberty of providing a scheduling assessment on December 1.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Berman was not excited about the proposed trolley between
Downtown and Stanford Shopping Center as a lunchtime service. A worker
could not take the trolley to Downtown or Stanford Shopping Center, eat a
meal, and return to work within an hour. He inquired about an approximate
cost for extending the hours of operation for a trolley.

Mr. Rodriguez would return to the Council with additional information for
discussion of trolley service beyond the lunch hour.

Council Member Berman interpreted the Motion as a trial period for trolley
service.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would design a trial period of service and return to
Council prior to implementation.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff consider long-term funding sources
and report those in the next discussion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a Number 8: to direct Staff to return with
additional consideration of shuttle service west of El Camino including
Stanford Research Park, considering employment nodes.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the proposed Number 8 was for Staff to
explore a new shuttle route.

Council Member Holman replied yes. As Council Member Burt mentioned,
strong employment nodes were located in the area.

Council Member Price noted Marguerite served Research Park and Bus 88
served the Arastradero Corridor. Considering a route in that area without
considering existing services seemed unnecessary.

Vice Mayor Kniss added that this information would indicate whether existing
services were adequate.

Mr. Keene clarified that consideration would not necessarily result in a Staff
recommendation. Staff could return with advantages and disadvantages of
a route in the area rather than a viable route.

                                                                         Page 21 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
