Hilary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, felt the City
had a tremendous opportunity to engage in conversation, to take action, and
to lay a good foundation for the City's future. The Staff Report articulated
the three components of the concept. All three components were important
individually and as a whole. Staff hoped the Council would endorse the
organizing principle for Staff's work.

Mila Zelkha indicated Palo Alto continued to grow and change and remained
a welcoming place for diverse people. Palo Alto was a desirable place to live
because it was dynamic.       A dynamic community required change and
flexibility. She was grateful for the opportunity to consider the next 30-50
years for Palo Alto.

Jillian McNerney was excited to see and be a part of Palo Alto's future. She
hoped Palo Alto would grow in a way conducive to families and employment.

Brent Rowe appreciated comments regarding friendliness in Palo Alto and
wanted to see that improve. He enjoyed the diverse population of Palo Alto;
however, he noted the lack of economic diversity. Palo Alto needed many
types of growth, and he looked forward to future discussions.

Eric Rosenblum felt there was a growing dichotomy between residents and
developers. Residents seemed to want to stop development and increase
parking. A fundamentally different approach was needed to address traffic.

Peter Giovannotto remarked that planning for smart growth was one method
to alleviate the pressure of a greater population. Palo Alto did not have an
urban growth plan. The idea of urban growth would be important in future
discussions.

Robert Moss did not believe it would be easy to obtain public participation.
The proposal should be structured such that residents would recognize real
issues and their ability to determine the future. Outreach efforts should
relate to specific topics and the impacts on traffic, schools, housing prices,
and retail. The City would have to move into the community, rather than
the community coming to the City.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, was happy to see
natural environment included in the design component and believed it was a
critical part of the conversation.    The urban environment should be
considered as part of the natural environment. She was perplexed by the
Urban Forest Master Plan preceding the natural environment element.
Nature should be brought into the community.



                                                                         Page 9 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/03/14
