                     CITY OF PALO ALTO
                       CITY COUNCIL
                          MINUTES

                                                               Special Meeting
                                                                March 3, 2014

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Conference Room at 6:07 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
            Shepherd

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.    Water Shortage Study Session.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the most recent update from San
Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC) was not a change in direction.
More updates would be forthcoming.

Jane Ratchye, Assistant Utilities Director, recalled that the Council adopted a
Urban Water Management Plan (Plan) in 2011. On January 17, 2014, the
Governor declared a water supply emergency for the State and requested
reduction of water consumption by 20 percent. The Santa Clara Valley
Water District (District) followed suit and requested customers reduce water
use by 10 percent. On February 25, 2014, the District increased the request
to 20 percent. At the end of January 2014, SFPUC requested customers
voluntarily reduce water use by 10 percent. SFPUC reported the total
amount of water supplies decreased at the end of January 2014. During the
last drought of 1987-1992, water supplies were much lower than current
supplies. Since then, SFPUC adopted a policy of holding water in storage
rather than releasing it to produce electricity. Approximately four years of
water was held in storage. The City's water usage was much lower today
than in 1975. Residential per capita water use had decreased over the prior
13 years. The Urban Water Shortage Contingency Plan included four stages
of water shortage situations. Currently the City was in Stage 1; therefore
Staff implemented the contingency plan. If SFPUC requested additional
water reductions, then the City could move into Stage 2. On April 15, 2014,
Staff expected SFPUC to release a final declaration maintaining or increasing
the amount of reduced water usage. Each stage of the Urban Water
Shortage Contingency Plan included outreach programs, demand-side
management programs, water use audits, and rate structures. Staff did not
anticipate a special drought rate structure in Stage 1. Permanent water use


                                                                             1
