Council Member Holman stated it became a Priority because of the drought
and preparation of the Urban Forest Master Plan.      It should replace
Technology as a Priority.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to include A Natural Environment –Urban Forest Natural
Environment Resource Conservation as a priority.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to add “natural habitat” to the first part of the Motion “the
Built Environment –Transportation, Parking and Livability.”

Council Member Holman felt livability addressed the human experience. The
natural environment and livability for animal life affected the livability of the
community.

Council Member Schmid felt natural habitat was a natural extension of
livability. Being explicit did not diminish the thrust of the Motion.

Council Member Scharff would not support the Amendment. Retaining the
focus of the Motion was important.

Vice Mayor Kniss remarked the Motion was sufficiently broad. To expand it
further would lose the intent.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7 Holman, Schmid yes

Mr. Keene understood the intent of the wording on the first Priority in the
Motion, but was concerned the language could have counterproductive
components. It could be interpreted that all Council actions related to land
use and transportation should be subsumed under the Comprehensive Plan
discussion.   If the Council wished to focus first on land use and
transportation in reviewing the Comprehensive Plan, perhaps the Council
should rethink the Priorities. There could be unintended consequences if the
Council did not change the language. If the Council wished to place
emphasis on the Comprehensive Plan, they should consider breaking it into
two parts.

Council Member Burt struggled with whether to have the proposed Priority
under the umbrella of the Comprehensive Plan or the subject matter. It
would be the subject as opposed to the document.

                                                                          Page 11 of 23
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 02/01/14
