                      FINAL MINUTES
throughout the day. The Crosstown route at the current time seemed to
cover south Palo Alto well. He recommended the City conduct a survey to
identify rider types. The Embarcadero route did not perform as well as the
Crosstown route, because there was demand for east-west travel at all times
of the day. A satellite parking lot along Bayshore could increase ridership.
He believed the City could operate the Embarcadero route without increasing
the frequency of buses, denying service to waiting riders, or requiring riders
to stand. The Transit Likelihood Index indicated locations of unmet demand.
The Crosstown route aligned quite well with the Transit Likelihood. He
recommended a trial run of increased shuttle frequency to determine
whether the Crosstown route would better meet the needs of residents,
visitors, and employees. If shuttle service doubled, he expected a 40-50
percent increase in ridership and decreased wait times for riders. The
Embarcadero shuttle appeared to meet current demand, and would not need
to increase frequency if a satellite parking lot was implemented. With
respect to a University Avenue Shopping Center trolley, he recommended
the City either operate two buses to achieve 10 minutes headways or
shorten the route to operate at 10 minute headways. Another option would
be for the City to consider a trial run during the holiday period. Shuttle
service would be a definite advantage during the holidays when parking was
constrained. The proposed west shuttle route would connect areas not
already connected with the Palo Alto shuttle and provide additional mobility
to the technology area east of Highway 101. Some areas in south Palo Alto
could be better served. He believed the highest transit likelihood to be the
proposed west route that would connect El Camino Real, California Avenue,
Palo Alto Medical Center, Downtown, Caltrain, and Stanford University as a
one-seat ride from south Palo Alto. Additional shuttle service along El
Camino Real should be tested.

Ms. Aggarwal advised that the City conducted a ridership survey between
mid-September and mid-October 2014. Staff received 116 responses to the
survey. Approximately 39 percent of respondents utilized the Embarcadero
shuttle to reach schools and 33 percent to reach work. The Crosstown
shuttle was utilized throughout the day for shopping trips and errands.
Approximately 47 percent of respondents utilized the East Palo Alto route to
reach work. 75 percent of respondents felt their wait time for shuttles was
10 minutes or less, and 86 percent felt their wait times were 15 minutes or
less. The most favorable characteristic of shuttle service was the lack of
cost.   Riders felt safe while riding the shuttle.       Additional positive
characteristics were cleanliness and courteous drivers.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, Planning and Community
Environment indicated this was the first independent analysis of the shuttle
system since its inception in 1999.
                                                                         Page 5 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes10/27/14
