Organics Facility Plan was consistent with the recommendations from the
Compost Blue Ribbon Task Force of 2009. Next steps were a series of
community meetings and Staff returning to Council in late March or early
April 2014. Staff recommended the Council accept the proposed Organics
Facility Plan and direct Staff to: 1) begin design of the dewatering and truck
load-out facility; 2) begin pre-design work on thermal hydrolysis and wet
anaerobic digestion; 3) prepare a timeline for utilization of food and yard
waste; and 4) possibly cancel the current RFP. None of the proposals
submitted to the RFP contained all the components that Staff wanted.

Walt Hays supported the Staff recommendation. Thermal hydrolysis was a
proven technology and would produce more energy. Obtaining the needed
technology without utilization of the Measure E site was an advantage.

Paul Sellew, Harvest Power Executive Chairman, owned and operated
facilities identical to the proposed facility in Palo Alto. He urged the Council
to appreciate the complexity of the project. Harvest Power was willing to
supply the capital for the facility and was open to the possibility of the City
owning and operating the facility in the future. Harvest Power's proposal
was the only one that handled waste onsite. He could have a facility
operating in two years.

Alvin Thomas, We Generation Chief Executive Officer, appreciated Staff
recognizing the benefits of the Cambi process. We Generation's proposal
covered all components Staff requested.      He was willing to discuss
alternative financing arrangements. Ownership of the facility would be
transferred to the City.

Jim Stahl, MWH Vice President, teamed with Cambi with respect to
engineering. The Cambi team could mitigate risk for the City. Cambi
proposed the most efficient system to maximize green energy.

Stephen Rosenblum felt the Staff proposal was an excellent step towards an
eventual solution for sewage and food scrap handling. He urged the Council
to make every effort to deal with garden waste within the City limits rather
than trucking them.

Jon Foster, speaking as an individual, supported building a facility to handle
biosolids, food scraps, and yard waste within Palo Alto and the generation of
renewable energy in the process. He expressed concern about canceling the
RFP and issuing a new one, because staff received two qualified responses.
He supported the use of either We Generation or Harvest Power.



                                                                           Page 3 of 37
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 2/10/14
