                             MINUTES



ACTION ITEMS

14.   Council Review and Direction on the Planning and Transportation
      Commission Recommended Draft California Avenue Area Concept
      Plan and Authorization to Submit an Application for the Valley
      Transportation Agency Priority Development Area Planning Grant
      Program for the Preparation of a Master Plan for the Fry’s Property,
      as Identified in the Concept Plan.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
the Agenda item was responsive to the Council's March 2014 request to
review the work of the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC)
regarding the California Avenue Area Concept Plan (Plan). The Council also
expressed concern regarding drafting a site-specific master plan for the Fry's
property in advance of receiving an application for development from the
property owner. Staff requested Council comments and questions regarding
the draft Plan and sought approval to apply for a grant to fund preparation
of a site-specific planning document. The process to create a Plan for
California Avenue fed directly into the expanded environmental review and
engagement process for the Comprehensive Plan. At the May 5, 2014
meeting, the Council would discuss the Comprehensive Plan policy document
recommended by the PTC. At that time, Staff would provide responses to
questions they could not answer during the current discussion. Staff would
return to the Council in early August 2014 for an extended discussion of the
visioning process and in early 2015 provide draft materials. Staff provided a
replacement map and table at-places.

Andrew Hill, PlaceWorks, advised that the Plan area was bounded by
Cambridge Avenue, Lambert Avenue, El Camino Real, and Caltrain tracks.
In addition to Caltrain service, the area had a number of bus lines and
shuttle service. There were a number of large vacant or underutilized
parcels prime for redevelopment. A residential enclave was centered on
Olive and Pepper Avenues. Surrounding the Plan area were single-family
neighborhoods.     The Regional Community Commercial designation was
applicable to the business area around California Avenue.

Council Member Holman noted the Fry's site was zoned multifamily
residential.



04/21/2014                                                            114- 486
