                             MINUTES
Council Member Price agreed with Council Members Scharff and Berman and
Vice Mayor Kniss. Receiving public input first would allow the Council to
have a refined and intelligent discussion.

Council Member Schmid believed the extra meeting was important for the
Council to accept responsibility for the Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Shepherd suggested the Council consider another meeting between
August 2014 and early 2015 under Agenda Item Number 12. She wanted to
proceed to public engagement.

Council Member Schmid requested clarification of the Motion.

Mayor Shepherd explained that the Motion proposed a Special Meeting of the
Council on the first available Saturday in June for a discussion of the
Comprehensive Plan regarding policy direction.

MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Berman, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Shepherd no

Council Member Holman recalled the Council discussion of the California
Avenue Area Concept Plan was limited by time constraints. She asked when
the Council discussion would continue. The Council needed to provide policy
direction for the Area Concept Plan and specific plan.

Ms. Gitelman explained that a specific plan was discussed in the context of
the grant proposal. Staff committed to return to the Council with a specific
scope of work if the City received the grant. Thus, she did not have a date.
Over the next few months, Staff would work with the public to ensure
alternatives for the Area Concept Plan reflected a range of uses and densities
consistent with Council input. Following public comment, the Council could
make final adjustments.

Council Member Holman stated the current Area Concept Plan contained
FARs when it should not.

Council Member Burt felt presenting an Area Concept Plan with FARs to the
public would result in community backlash.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to have Staff return with a Consent Calendar item for removal of
Floor Area Ratio (FAR) from the California Avenue Concept Plan.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council direct Staff to remove FAR language from
the draft Area Concept Plan.

05/05/2014                                                            114- 570
