                       FINAL MINUTES
served on the Valley Transportation Association Board, Caltrain Board, and
was on the Board of Santa Clara County Supervisors.

Council Member Burt discussed the merits of Council Member Holman to be
the Vice Mayor. She protected the qualities of the community in an effort to
preserve the quality of life. She had nine years of service on the Planning
and Transportation Commission and five years of leadership in the Council;
that established her as exceptional and credible in the community.

Council Member Kniss said she continued to serve because she enjoyed the
governing process, in particular in Palo Alto. The coming year was going to
be sobering; it gave her an opportunity to rise to the occasion and to
provide the best for all.

Council Member Holman said the role of Mayor and Vice Mayor was more
than ceremony, it meant work with Staff to set Agenda’s. While setting
policy was the role of Council, it was influenced by how Agendas were set,
timing of Items, and the order in which Items appeared. She thought it was
important to be listening to each other, to the community, and to Staff.

Council Member Scharff remarked that Council Member Kniss showed great
leadership capability and has much respect regionally. She has an ability to
reach out to the community and has much grace and charm. He ended by
saying that both Council Members were qualified but urged the Council to
vote for Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Schmid supported Council Member Holman for Vice Mayor
and said she held a critical position in the Planning Commission, which was
central in what made the City work. Council Member Holman brought a
strong sense of environment and history, the things that made the
community work well.         He remarked on her respect for community
characteristics, the quality of life, and the details of the community.

Council Member Berman remarked that although Council Member Holman
was thorough and well versed in history of development issues, he
supported Council Member Kniss as Vice Mayor due to the commitment he
saw her display.

Mayor Shepherd noted that the City Clerk would hand out the ballots.



                                                                         Page 8 of 11
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 01/06/14
