                            MINUTES
Council Member Price believed the Council had sufficient information to
make a decision.

Council Member Klein concurred with comments made by Council Members
Scharff and Price.     In addition, continuing an item because someone
indicated he had not received notice was a bad precedent.

MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Holman, Burt, Berman, Schmid yes

Mayor Shepherd reported Agenda Item Number 22 would remain on the
Agenda. The question was whether Staff could be released.

Mr. Keene requested Mr. Bobel remain and determine any other Staff that
should remain.

21. Approval of the Proposed Grocery Store Tenant (College Terrace
    Market) Within PC 5069 (College Terrace Centre) Based on the Finding
    that the Proposed Grocery Tenant Would Likely be Comparable in
    Quality of Products and Services as JJ&F as It Existed and Operated on
    December 7, 2009 at 2180 El Camino Real.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the item would complete the Planned Community
(PC) Ordinance granted in January 2010. On December 1, 2014, the Council
determined the proposed tenant would not be comparable in quality of
products and services to the former JJ&F Market. Also the Council requested
modifications so that the owner and applicant could contract with an
experienced grocer, and the Council imposed daily penalties should the
grocer/operator cease operations.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, reported
the College Terrace Centre Project (Project) was approved in January 2010
as a PC Zoning project. The outstanding issue was whether the City would
approve the grocery store tenant as being comparable in quality of products
and services to JJ&F. On December 1, 2014, the Council explicitly stated its
requirements to make the findings that the proposed tenant was
comparable. Staff recommended the Council adopt the current tenant
proposal and authorize the City Manager to execute the Covenant regarding
penalties. The at-places memo did not make any substantive changes.

Brian Spiers, Applicant, advised that funds were available to complete the
Project. Brian Spiers Development was the managing member of College
Terrace Centre LLC. The Applicant clearly understood that the grocery
tenant must be operating prior to any other allowed commercial uses. A
letter from the City Attorney's Office dated December 13, 2013 indicated the
grocery store lease was approved for purposes of obtaining building permits.

12/15/2014                                                           116- 263
