                             MINUTES
create variation and to soften the intensity. One considerable challenge was
the build-to requirement which was overcome by additional landscaping
around the project.

Chair Lippert suggested the ARB could create a better understanding of the
purpose and responsibility of the ARB. The community oftentimes confused
the role of the ARB. Public comment at ARB hearings may not concern the
quality or character of a project, but rather the use and zoning of a project.
The ARB was not responsible for parking and traffic in the community. The
ARB reviewed the quality and character of surface parking lots, landscaping,
and spacing of vehicles. The ARB did not consider the number of parking
spaces or the effect on traffic. As part of Our Palo Alto, the ARB was
considering holding one or two dialogs regarding design in Palo Alto. It was
important for the community to voice their concerns, and for the City to hear
those concerns.

Vice Mayor Kniss commented that the approved design for the Curtner
project was dramatically different from the original design. She inquired
about the ARB's process to work with the architect and the applicant to
obtain better designs.

Vice Chair Popp explained that an applicant who was open to the review
process was the most easy to work with. For the Curtner project, the
applicant was willing to listen to the ARB. The Curtner project was the only
project to receive a fourth review rather than a project denial. The ARB
attempted to provide specific examples of elements that needed change.
The process was iterative, one step at a time, one piece at a time.
Cumulatively, the ARB spent approximately 17 1/4 hours on each project.
Staff helped applicants understand the process, so that applicants were
ready to be part of the process when their projects reached the ARB.

Council Member Price felt the ARB did excellent work. She regretted the
derogatory comments directed toward the ARB. She inquired whether the
City could do things differently to educate the community about the ARB's
role and responsibility or whether the ARB could do individual things to
assist community education.

Chair Lippert believed a discussion within Our Palo Alto would be very helpful
in explaining the ARB's role and the Planning and Transportation
Commission's (P&TC) role.         He and P&TC Commissioners presented
information to Leadership Midpeninsula regarding roles of the two. Formal
presentation of that information to the public once or twice a year could help
the public understand its role in speaking before the ARB and the nature of
the ARB discussion.
                                                                         Page 3 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
