                            MINUTES
continuous operation. He inquired whether Council action to strengthen
consequences for noncompliance with PC Ordinances would apply to PC
Ordinances currently in place.

Ms. Stump advised that the Council could review remedies and
consequences and attempt to refine provisions for PCs that had been
approved in Palo Alto. Changes to the type of remedies that applied to a PC
violation could and would apply to already approved PCs. The Council could
enact an Ordinance that would apply prospectively to violations that
developed in the future. Conditions had to be read together in a harmonious
way. Monitoring was not precise. The requirement for a high customer
service market with high quality products was part of the PC Ordinance and
would be a continuing obligation. The City would look to enforce that.

Council Member Burt understood that was an interpretation of the existing
PC Ordinance. He asked if the Council could modify the PC Ordinance.

Ms. Stump indicated modification of PC Ordinances was not on the Agenda
for the meeting. As a general matter, PC Ordinances were zoning matters
and the Council retained discretion over zoning. Rights did not vest until a
building permit was issued and there were substantial expenditures in
reliance thereon. It was the City's position that had not occurred. Staff
would want to review any modification carefully and would need time to
analyze that procedure.

Council Member Burt referred to a statement in Attachment E that the lease
and rent structure were identical to that provided and accepted by John
Garcia, which the City Attorney reviewed and approved. He asked if the City
Attorney had reviewed and approved the current or prior lease according to
the statement.

Ms. Stump reported Staff reviewed the form of the lease and determined
that the lease was a commercially customary lease. Staff did not review
substantive terms of the lease, which had been redacted. Some of those
terms were relevant to the discretion the Council would exercise.

Council Member Burt reiterated that Staff did not review the rent structure
under the current lease. He assumed the Applicant was saying that the
redacted lease was the same as the prior lease with Mr. Garcia. He asked if
Staff reviewed the rent structure and the balance of the unredacted lease
with the prior Garcia lease.

Ms. Silver answered no. She understood both leases contained a redaction
of the rent amount.
                                                                      Page 26 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 08/11/14
