                       FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Burt noted the consideration of alternatives was based upon
an advanced scoring system. Staff did not include greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions in the scoring system initially.

Mr. Bobel clarified that GHG emissions were included under the technical
category.

Council Member Burt remarked that the supplier with the worst GHG
emissions rating scored highest in the technical category. The criteria
needed refining.

Mr. Bobel concurred.

Council Member Burt noted the energy component was not a significant
factor in the technical category or any other. Another factor was which
supplier could construct and begin operations sooner. Also, a threshold for
supplier performance could be a third factor. He was concerned that criteria
would be omitted or not well defined.

Mr. Bobel agreed.

Council Member Berman felt rejecting current proposals was appropriate.
Perhaps creating a separate RFP for Component 4 would be appropriate as
well.

Mr. Bobel would not object to a direction for Staff to issue a separate RFP for
Component 4. Staff would either issue two RFPs or compartmentalize one
RFP so as to function as separate RFPs.

Mayor Shepherd was interested in responses to the next round of RFPs.
Designing and constructing the facility would be difficult because of many
environmental concerns.

Council Member Schmid noted the Motion directed Staff to release an RFP
immediately, and inquired whether Staff would have time to learn about new
technologies.

Mr. Bobel advised that Staff would have less time. In the early stages, there
would be time for major alterations.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

9.    Discussion and Council Direction Regarding Potential November 2014
      Charter Amendments Related to Council Seats, Including Term Limits,
                                                                            Page 15 of 26
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 5/12/13
