and comment. Staff also requested the Council direct Staff concurrently to
convene a stakeholder group of residents and businesses to develop a draft
implementation strategy and timeline for the first RPP District. Council
comments regarding criteria, process, and prerequisites would be helpful to
Staff in drafting an Ordinance. Staff felt the stakeholder group for the first
RPP District would determine specific details and predicate actions. Staff
requested an opportunity to respond to public comments and questions.

Mayor Shepherd noted Staff received input from residents and businesses in
preparing the Staff Report.

Chop Keenan believed an effective RPP proposal should come from residents
and businesses. Staff did a good job with predicate actions. He suggested
the Council consider a robust TDM Program, more parking supply, smart
parking meters, free alternatives to parking in neighborhoods, and a
Greater Downtown Parking Task Force under the City's auspices involving all
stakeholders and at least two Council Members.

Mike Folan, Whole Foods Market, was concerned about parking for 200 team
members at Whole Foods Market. Parking in neighborhoods was an issue.
The first step had to provide a parking supply for workers in the Downtown
and South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) areas. He suggested the City exclude
Caltrain and Stanford workers when determining the parking need.

Hal Mickelson, Chamber of Commerce, reported the Chamber supported a
three-pronged approach to parking. The process for establishing an RPP
District must recognize that existing businesses and employees relied on
street parking to supplement available lots and garages. The Chamber
supported the generous issuing of permits to both residents and employees
of nearby businesses in the initial phase of an RPP District and adjusting the
issuing of permits once TDM Programs were implemented and additional
parking supply was provided.

John Garcia, Mollie Stone's Market, indicated his employees could not afford
to live in Palo Alto, and public transportation was awful. The City should
consider employees' safety and whether employees were serving the
community when reviewing employee parking.

Simon Cintz, paloaltoparkingsolutions.org, opposed the Downtown RPP
Program proposed at the September 2013 public meetings. The proposed
framework did not allow both residents and businesses to share streets in a
reasonable manner. The framework must include a requirement to provide
parking alternatives for employees prior to implementing parking
restrictions. Public transportation was not an alternative for most
employees.
                                                                         Page 8 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/27/2014
