                             MINUTES
accommodation. A local jurisdiction would not typically receive a large
number of requests.

Council Member Holman stated (d) and (e) of requested accommodation on
Packet Page 491 was vague. CCRs were typically considered civil issues
rather than city issues. The City seemed to have a conflict regarding
allowing a project that did or did not have an impact to the neighborhood.
She did not find a requirement for a reversal with change of ownership.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff did not include in the Ordinance a requirement
to remove a feature with change of ownership. The P&TC discussed that. It
could be included in the Ordinance but currently was not. With regard to the
CCR issue, she believed the City had that issue without the Reasonable
Accommodation Ordinance. She was unsure whether that changed with
respect to CCRs.

Council Member Holman noted the P&TC did not wholeheartedly support the
limitations or lack of limitations. She recalled that the P&TC recommended a
mixed-use project receive a 1-to-1 FAR if the additional 0.1 FAR was placed
in the retail component. That piece was not included in the proposed
Ordinance.      She looked forward to increasing sidewalk widths.       She
expressed concern about tracking reasonable accommodations with respect
to change of ownership.

Council Member Burt believed the vast majority of the changes were
favorable to the community. With respect to Item Number 15, the one piece
the Council could change was the FAR in current CN Zones. He concurred
with Council Member Holman's comments regarding the additional 0.1 FAR
being placed in the retail component. He favored the Council reconsidering
the FAR for both the commercial and the residential components of the CN
Zone and the Service Commercial (CS) Zone. The impact of removing 0.1
FAR from commercial and 0.1 FAR from residential would be smaller units.
Palo Alto's greatest need was for smaller units for the aging population and
young professionals. It would not reduce the parking requirements for a
given bedroom size. It could reduce the amount of parking and number of
car trips generated. He suggested a Motion contain that provision or refer
the provision to the P&TC for review. He was inclined to refer it to the P&TC
to allow public comment.

Ms. Gitelman indicated changing the FAR would be a substantive amendment
and should be vetted by the P&TC. The Council would have to adopt the
Ordinance without the provision or refer the entire Ordinance to the P&TC.

Council Member Burt concurred.



                                  14                     January 13, 2014
