                             MINUTES

He concurred with Council Member Berman's points regarding data
collection. If Council Member Berman meant survey rather than petition, he
concurred with those comments as well. He inquired whether the survey
was included in the Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes. If the Council or a neighborhood initiated an
RPP District, Staff would conduct a survey.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
that the City Council approve the first reading of the Residential Preferential
Parking (RPP) Ordinance adding Chapter 10.50 to the Palo Alto Municipal
Code Establishing a Citywide Framework for Establishment of Neighborhood-
Specific Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Districts.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Scharff accepted Council
Member Holman's suggested changes to the Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff could accept some of the changes; however, he did
not recall all of her changes.

Mayor Shepherd requested the Council suggest changes to Ordinance
language.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Council could make changes, and
Staff would reflect them in the second reading. If the Council made
significant changes or wished to make further revisions, then Staff could
schedule a third hearing.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the City Attorney could provide language
at the Council's request rather than the Council wordsmithing language.

Ms. Stump replied yes.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the City Attorney could prepare language as
directed by the Council for a second reading. If the Council wanted further
changes, it could hold a subsequent hearing.

Ms. Stump requested the Council describe in some detail the changes it
wanted rather than attempt to draft language.

Mayor Shepherd asked if revisions would be presented in another public
hearing or a second reading.

Ms. Stump responded a second reading. If changes were substantial and
affected third parties, then Staff would schedule a subsequent first reading.



12/02/2014                                                             116- 176
