Council Member Scharff noted occupancy data indicated several garages had
available spaces. He was unclear about the effects on parking permits of
seven employers leaving the Downtown area.        He inquired about the
frequency of parking surveys.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that occupancy data was affected by the time when
surveys were performed and by the lag between an employer returning
parking permits and Staff reselling them. The lag time between receiving
and reselling permits could improve with implementation of garage
management technology.

Council Member Scharff was frustrated by ongoing vacancies in garages. He
wanted Staff to check occupancy more often and, if occupancy rates fell
below 85 percent, Staff should sell more permits. He requested Staff
suggest language incorporating that concept into a Motion.

Ms. Gitelman suggested language in paragraph 4 "to take steps necessary to
release additional permits on an ongoing basis."

Council Member Scharff stated Staff currently had that authority.     He
questioned the frequency Staff should perform surveys and the percentage
of occupancy that would result in Staff selling more permits.

Mr. Rodriguez suggested a Motion require Staff to perform monthly
monitoring and set a threshold of 85 percent. With monthly monitoring over
the next few months, Staff could provide a firm recommendation in June
2014. The Council should be aware that Staff was reviewing installation of
solar panel systems at almost all Downtown garages and the addition of
electric vehicle charging stations. Both projects would change parking
permit demand.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct Staff to: 1) solicit Proposals for Design & Environmental Review of a
Garage on Lot D for discussion & possible award in June, 2) solicit
Statements of Interest/Qualifications for Public-Private Partnerships to
increase Parking Supplies on City-owned lots for discussion and direction in
August, 3) solicit Proposals for Design & Environmental Review of 200-
spaces of Satellite Parking for discussion & possible award in June, 4)
authorize permit sales to SOFA Employees at Lot CC – Civic Center
immediately, 5) solicit Proposals For Parking Technology – Access & Revenue
Control Equipment and Parking Guidance System for discussion and possible
award in August, and 6) to conduct monthly monitoring of permit parking.



                                                                      Page 20 of 37
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 2/10/14
