site under the proposal in the California Avenue Concept Area Plan. The site
was zoned for multifamily housing. Rezoning could not be accomplished
quickly as it would require an environmental document of some complexity.

Council Member Schmid noted this was the first open Council discussion of
the Comprehensive Plan in four years.         One of the elements of the
Comprehensive Plan was to retain City Council authority over decision
making in these processes. Two tracks would not work. The Council was
engaged in decision making with either the existing Comprehensive Plan or a
new Comprehensive Plan. In either case, the Comprehensive Plan was not
working. The existing Comprehensive Plan clearly stated that the goal was
to have dense housing in mixed-use Downtown areas. Nothing in the
Council's packet reflected the consultant's work over the past several years.
He referenced the Housing Vision Statement, Policy H-3, and Policy L-9 of
the Comprehensive Plan and Council discussions of May 12, 2010, June 23,
2010, and January 22, 2013. The existing Comprehensive Plan and Council
actions clearly indicated housing density near transit was a good objective.
The Housing Element for 2014 located 25 percent of housing units in dense
areas and 50 percent in the South El Camino Real corridor. The ratio of 2:1
did not meet the criteria established by the Comprehensive Plan and
reiterated by the Council. According to the National Citizen Survey, people
in south Palo Alto were upset about traffic, design, and parking. Yet 50
percent of housing units were placed in south Palo Alto. The Council needed
to make a decision to use the existing Comprehensive Plan guidelines.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman that during the first month of the consultant contract they
should look at the relationship between the existing Comprehensive Plan and
Housing Element and set an immediate priority for the use of LEED-ND
design guidelines on dense housing sites and bring a summary of the South
El Camino Area Concept Plan to Council.

Mr. Keene questioned whether the Amendment should be part of the current
item.

Council Member Holman requested clarification of South El Camino Area
Concept Plan.

Council Member Schmid indicated he was reading from the Council mandate
passed on June 23, 2010, that there would be a South El Camino Area
Concept Plan that restricted rezoning for residential intensification until the
Concept Plan was approved.



                                                                         Page 18 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 03/17/14
