                             MINUTES
Camino Real at Page Mill Road as a public benefit. She asked if the project
could be accomplished without a PC Zone.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the proposal would have to conform with existing
zoning. The City could only achieve the benefit if there was a nexus to
require it as mitigation or if the applicant volunteered it.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council could pre-identify public
benefits.

Ms. Gitelman could provide an analysis of other means to accomplish the
proposal at a later time.

Mayor Shepherd understood, at the time she joined the Council, that the
community wanted pre-identified public benefits She wanted the community
to welcome the outcome as it developed.           She wanted to see better
accountability for and articulation of public benefits.       She supported
obtaining an economic analysis and a clear role for the Council. Examples of
public benefits in Attachment J to the Comprehensive Plan seemed to
support the idea of pre-identifying public benefits. She wished to go through
the Comprehensive Plan process and identify areas for specific plans. She
also wanted to examine the possibility of utilizing Context Sensitive
Solutions.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff would draft an Ordinance, submit it for P&TC
review and public comment as quickly as possible, and then present it to the
Council.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Selection of    Applicants to Interview on October 15, 2014 for the
     Architectural   Review Board and the Historic Resources Board, and
     Selection of    Applicants to Interview on October 22, 2014 for the
     Planning and    Transportation Commission.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
move Agenda Item Number 3 to the end of the meeting before the Closed
Sessions.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

4.   Community Partnership Presentation by Gamble Garden.

Susan Woodman, Gamble Gardens, introduced Gamble Garden: Landscape
of Optimism. The book told the story of Gamble Gardens and described the
spectacular outcomes achieved at Gamble Gardens.       Gamble Gardens
                                                                       Page 12 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/06/14
