                      FINAL MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Jim Wang appreciated Staff meeting with him regarding the project on Boyce
Avenue. The final inspection was approved; however, corrections to the
project had not been executed.

Danielle Martell advised that the City failed to supply her with her hearing
rights. She requested the Council order the City Attorney's Office to dismiss
the case or extend the hearing date to allow her to conduct discovery. She
listed her due process rights.

Sea Reddy felt the City needed an emergency preparedness plan for the
Ebola virus.

Mark Weiss believed the community should discuss rent control or tenants'
rights. He was aware of several community members considering leaving
Palo Alto because their rents had been increased.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Mayor Shepherd noted Council interest in removing Agenda Item Number 2
from the Consent Calendar.

James Keene, City Manager, had received notice of the Council's interest.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff,
third by Council Member Holman to pull Agenda Item Number 2 to be heard
second under Action Items, to become Agenda Item Number 8a.

Council Member Scharff was concerned the length of the Council Agenda
would preclude discussion of Agenda Item Number 2.

Mr. Keene suggested the Mayor allow public comment regarding Agenda
Item Number 2 at the current time.

Mayor Shepherd announced the public could address Agenda Item Number 2
at the current time or at the time of Council discussion.

Wayne Douglass spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 2. Emails on the
topic suggested a disparity between transparency and hiding Agenda Items
on the Consent Calendar.

Mark Weiss spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 2.        He felt the contract
was a waste of money.



                                                                         Page 2 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes10/27/14
