                      FINAL MINUTES
Mark Michael, Planning and Transportation Commission Chair, reported the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) did not vote on a Motion or
recommendation to the Council. Three public speakers at the P&TC meeting,
all from the Vista Center for the Blind and Visually Impaired, addressed the
previous Marguerite service to the Veterans Administration (VA) and the lack
of public transit to Vista Center. The P&TC questioned the extent that
shuttle service addressed gaps in services from other public transit providers
and whether the survey could have been augmented through an online
survey or through a survey of non-riders. A number of Commissioners
questioned Staff regarding cost-benefit analysis, capacity utilization,
elasticity of demand for shuttle service, and eligibility for grants. The P&TC
was impressed that the focus of the intra-city service addressed commuters
and students primarily and seniors to some extent. The P&TC discussed the
potential linkage between transit use and land use.

Council Member Price inquired whether bikes could be taken on shuttles.

Ms. Aggarwal indicated all shuttles were equipped for a maximum of two
bicycles.

Council Member Price inquired about the official carrying capacity of shuttles.

Ms. Aggarwal answered 32 seated passengers including a wheelchair seat.
She was unsure of the standing capacity of shuttles.

Council Member Price asked if Staff had contacted larger employers
regarding financial support for the proposed west shuttle route.

Mr. Rodriguez had held preliminary discussions with some larger employers
located in the Shoreland Business Park and Google and Intuit who planned
to locate in the Bayshore Business Park.

Council Member Price noted the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority
(VTA) community bus in Palo Alto had the highest ridership of all community
buses in the VTA system. She inquired whether Staff had discussed student
utilization of shuttle services with Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
in relation to financial support.

Mr. Rodriguez remarked that Staff held regular discussions with PAUSD staff
regarding many topics. If incidents on shuttles involved students, then Staff
contacted PAUSD administrators to become involved in any disciplinary
actions. City Staff had not held any formal discussions with PAUSD staff
regarding funding for the shuttle program, but had raised the issue in
discussions of expanding the shuttle program.

                                                                          Page 6 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
