             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Council Member Holman requested the status of the program for City Hall
Staff to utilize Go Passes.

Ms. Sullivan advised that 47 Staff had signed up for that program.

Council Member Holman asked if 47 spaces had been vacated.

Ms. Gitelman would provide the Council with a full explanation of the
program. Some of those people probably were not driving before the
program began. The number of spaces available would be less than the
number of people participating. However, 47 people who could occupy
parking spaces are not.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the consultant considered use of
private garages.

Ms. Sullivan advised that the Parking Committee felt there was not a great
deal of opportunity in private garages based on the perception that private
garage owners were not willing to lease space overnight or evenings.

Council Member Holman commented that the Staff Report contained no
notes about Parking Committee discussions. The Council could only assume
the recommendations were the work of the Parking Committee. She asked if
notes or minutes were available for Parking Committee meetings.

Ms. Sullivan explained that Parking Committee discussions were
brainstorming sessions facilitated by the consultant. All ideas in the Staff
Report were generated by the group.         Verbatim comments were not
available. Leaders of the group reviewed the report and agreed upon the
recommendations.

Council Member Holman remarked that Palo Alto streets were cluttered with
signs. She inquired whether Staff considered parking signs being placed on
poles with signs supporting businesses and nonprofit groups.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the consultant reviewed the current sign program
and found it confusing and lacking. The number one recommendation was
for signs to be more clear. Using signs for multiple purposes might not align
with that goal.

Council Member Holman believed signs could be designed so that they
cohabitated.

Ms. Sullivan explained that the RFP for signage included a complete signage
inventory and existing conditions in order to provide a cohesive product.

                                                                        Page 18 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
