                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman suggested using the property for a dog park and
offered Council assistance with obtaining information from multiple
departments.

Ms. Crommie indicated the ad hoc committee did consider Sterling Canal for
a dog park.

Daren Anderson, Open Space, Parks and Golf Director, met with the Utilities
Department and inquired whether some portion of the property could be
used for a dog park or community garden. The Utilities Department advised
that it was unable to relinquish the land.

Council Member Holman wished to learn of the Utilities Department's
reasons when it had not used the property for many years. She asked if a
joint Study Session would be beneficial to PARC.

Pat Markevitch, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, believed a joint Study
Session would be helpful at a later time. The ad hoc committee had a great
deal of work to do to ensure it provided the best information possible. PARC
as a whole had not discussed Sterling Canal.

Council Member Berman concurred with having a joint Study Session,
perhaps on a weekend at Foothills Park. PARC should be allowed time to ask
questions and Staff to find answers before a joint Study Session. Opening
the 7.7 acres to the public for unsupervised tours could raise some security
issues.

Mr. Anderson indicated Staff discussed the possibility of tours with Acterra.
Acterra would need time to secure the nursery from access by people and
deer. In addition, Mr. Arrillaga's property bordered the 7.7 acres and was
not secure. A large culvert on the property also needed to be fenced for
safety.

Council Member Berman suggested Staff consider a contract worker rather
than a full-time Staff member be present for tours. He inquired whether the
memorandum regarding dog parks would be provided to the Council.

Ms. Hetterly advised that detailed information would be provided to the
Council when PARC made a recommendation to the Council. Staff could
provide some information once public outreach was complete. Information
regarding dog parks was public record as it was discussed during PARC
meetings.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the 7.7 acres could be opened to
the public without first securing it.

11/10/2014                                                             116- 75
