                             MINUTES
Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer, reviewed benefits of the Golf Course Project and
the San Francisquito Creek Flood Control Protection Project. The JPA and
City were vigorously pursuing permits needed for the projects.             On
August 29, 2014, the JPA received a letter from the Water Board indicating
that the JPA application was incomplete when an earlier iteration of the
application was found complete. The Water Board's request for additional
information was beyond the Water Board's legal purview. In addition, the
Water Board was requesting additional land from the Golf Course for future
flood water detention. The Water Board suggested work be phased such
that work could began in East Palo Alto while issues with Palo Alto were
resolved. That suggestion was infeasible for several reasons. Staff would
examine a full range of options for ways to proceed and return to the Council
with recommendations.

James Keene, City Manager, reiterated that Staff needed specific action from
the Council on the recommendations.

Council Member Klein was infuriated by the actions of the Water Board. He
inquired whether any events had occurred since the Water Board letter of
August 29.

Mr. Teresi advised that the JPA had reviewed the letter with its partner
agencies and attorneys. The JPA wished to proceed both judiciously and
expeditiously.

Len Materman, San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority Executive
Director, had reviewed the letter closely and examined Water Board
questions related to the JPA application. The JPA was also considering legal
strategies. The JPA Board, its general counsel, outside counsel, and the City
Attorney would meet the following Thursday to discuss the Water Board
letter and potential responses.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated Staff was reviewing broadly the City's
options in light of developments with the JPA Project.

Council Member Klein felt it was time for Draconian action. Most likely, any
response would be met with additional questions.

Mr. Materman agreed that history did repeat itself.

Mr. Keene recalled the City had been given positive indications, yet the
official response was negative. The City's leverage within the process was
constrained.

                                                                       Page 22 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
