                             MINUTES
from CEQA review. This Ordinance would cause significant negative impacts.
It exceeded the minimum requirements mandated by the State Density
Bonus Law and Government Code Section 65915. The impacts of the
proposed Ordinance were not reviewed.

Aram James questioned whether InnVision would assist in developing
emergency shelter standards, whether a much-needed shelter would actually
be constructed, and whether an emergency shelter would be limited to only
one area that was located away from services. He requested Council
Members ask those questions.

Cheryl Lilienstein, Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning President, understood the
City needed to identify properties that could be up-zoned to 20 units per
acre. She was puzzled as to why most of the up-zoning was proposed along
El Camino Real, when Downtown and California Avenue were the designated
sites. Most of the Density Bonus Ordinance was a great improvement over
none at all.     Focusing on the next Housing Element would be more
productive. Section 18.15.050(f) allowed the Council broad powers to
change the zoning of any parcel. Removing Section 18.15.050(f) would
build trust with the community. Retaining the section could destroy the Palo
Alto that all residents enjoyed and could cause significant harm and
environmental changes. The proposed Ordinance would cause significant
negative impacts and exceeded the minimum requirements mandated by
State law. She requested the Council remove the CEQA clause statement so
that the Council could support the remainder of the Ordinance.

Herb Borock stated emergency shelter standards should be approved by the
Council after receiving public input and should be implemented by the
effective date of the proposed Ordinance. Reasonable accommodations for
accessibility changes should be restored to zoning requirements once the
use terminated. The section regarding appeals of accessibility changes
should be stated more precisely, because the Council decided appeals.
Within Item Number 16, Staff could require market-rate units be built prior
to affordable units. Staff should not have that authority. The affordable
units should be built no later than the market-rate units. Items I-VI on
packet page 522 utilized vague language that was undefined. Section
18.15.050(f) violated Government Code Section 65915.           He noted
typographical errors.

William D. Ross did not believe the public could comment intelligently on
either Item Number 15 or Item Number 16 without knowledge of existing
litigation. The issue of Below Market Rate (BMR) housing and exactions
versus regulation was before the State Supreme Court. The City should
perform a nexus study so that fees could be imposed equally. The primary
issue was the need for a better Staff Report regarding litigation. Commercial

                                   9                     January 13, 2014
