                      DRAFT MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd requested the Council comment on continuing Agenda Item
Number 10.

Mr. Keene felt the Council would spend a minimum of 30 minutes discussing
Agenda Item Number 10.

Mayor Shepherd announced Agenda Item Number 10 - Rejection of
Construction Bids for the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course Reconfiguration
Project and Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5270 entitled
“Budget Amendment Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in the
Amount of $708,495 in Revenues and $168,036 in Expenses to Operate the
Golf Course From September 1, 2014 to February 28, 2015, and Establish an
FY 2016 Golf Course Operating Loss Reserve from the Net Revenue of Golf
Course Operations in the Amount of $540,459” was continued.

9.    Response to Santa Clara County Grand Jury Report on Reduced
      Transparency and Inhibited Public Input and Scrutiny on Important
      Land Issues.

Council Member Klein did not participate in prior discussions of the project at
27 University Avenue as it involved property of Stanford University and his
wife was a Stanford University faculty member. He recused himself from
discussion of the project at 27 University Avenue. He requested the Mayor
bifurcate the issues so that he could participate in discussions not related to
the project at 27 University Avenue.

Council Member Burt noted two Council Members were not Council Members
during prior discussions of 27 University Avenue. He did not believe Council
Member Klein should recuse himself.

Mayor Shepherd concurred with Council Member Burt but deferred to Council
Member Klein's judgment. She asked if Council Member Klein wished to
leave Council Chambers during discussion of 27 University Avenue.

Council Member Klein did not believe he should leave the Chambers. As he
was a Council Member during prior discussions, the community might expect
him to comment.

James Keene, City Manager, hoped the topic was straightforward. The
Grand Jury submitted its report, and the City was required to respond to
each of the findings by September 18, 2014.            Staff provided a
recommendation for Council consideration.    The Council could edit the
response.



                                                                          Page 29 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
