                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Scharff inquired about the time required to have a
discussion within the Our Palo Alto initiative, which was the PTC's
suggestion.

Ms. Gitelman would have to give that some thought based on Council
direction.  The Comprehensive Plan schedule projected a completed
Comprehensive Plan by the end of 2015. Staff was limited by the amount of
work they could perform concurrently.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern that an Our Palo Alto discussion
could require a lengthy time period.

Ms. Gitelman could certainly perform some work on a collective vision for the
corridor and some of the qualitative goals and policies for the corridor. Staff
might need to delay an actual Ordinance until after the Comprehensive Plan
was complete. The PTC suggested a more comprehensive review in the
context of the Comprehensive Plan. That review might first consider goals
and policies, and secondly zoning once the Comprehensive Plan was
adopted.

Council Member Scharff was concerned about the build-to-line requirement
and the length of time required to implement it. The Council could defer the
discussion to the context of the Comprehensive Plan while directing Staff to
return quickly with recommendations to eliminate the build-to-line
requirement. He requested Staff address whether that was possible or
logical.

Ms. Gitelman indicated that the complexity resulted from the build-to line
having some good aspects. The build-to line helped to ensure there was no
gap between the sidewalk and the building face.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff could draft a rule that developers did
not have to build to the line, but had to extend the sidewalk.

Ms. Gitelman could certainly consider that.

Council Member Scharff added that the rule could require developers to build
to the allowed sidewalk width, but not to the build-to line. That would allow
plazas and seating areas without design review. He inquired whether that
approach was feasible.

Ms. Gitelman could do that. The current rule was that only 50 percent of the
building had to be constructed to the build-to line which encouraged plazas
and seating areas in the building footprint.
                                                                           Page 14 of 26
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
