                     DRAFT MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman could return to the Council to discuss options for California
Avenue and other ideas the Council articulated. Staff would give it some
thought and provide options.

Mayor Shepherd understood the comment period for the Comprehensive
Plan EIR had been extended, which extended the length of the
Comprehensive Plan Update process. She asked if decreasing the comment
period for the EIR would shorten the overall time for the Comprehensive
Plan Update.

Ms. Gitelman indicated it would shorten the schedule somewhat. Given the
complexity of the Comprehensive Plan, the Council would want a
comprehensive review period in order to obtain community input.

Mayor Shepherd concurred with comments regarding basements and
mezzanines, density and employment, and growth of employment. After
public comment, Staff could comment, and then the Council could provide
direction for the next discussion on October 8.

Council Member Klein did not believe Council could provide direction in a
Study Session.

Mayor Shepherd wanted to provide some clarity to Staff without a Motion.

Council Member Scharff concurred with Council Member Klein.              Council
Members could only provide their thoughts to Staff.

Mr. Keene suggested Staff would respond to comments and determine next
steps after public comment.

Mayor Shepherd advised that after public comment, Staff could respond,
following which the Study Session would end.

Chop Keenan noted 800 High Street was the last major condominium project
in Downtown, and it resulted in a referendum. He previously suggested a
Residential Parking Permit (RPP) data load on who was parking Downtown.
The FAR increase did not comport with the amount of increased parking.
Businesses paid 60 percent of taxes. Adding new dynamics while attempting
to solve complex issues was difficult.

Brad Ehikian, Premier Property, reported Premier Property surveyed all
Downtown ground-floor businesses within the boundaries of Alma Street,
Everett Avenue, Webster Street, and Forest Avenue in 2012 and 2014. The
result was a net increase in retail. Sales tax also increased each year from
2011. The Council should not make any changes to ground-floor retail.

                                                                        Page 10 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
