                             MINUTES
participants were asked to identify areas of the City which should be
protected and preserved and which could accommodate some level of
change. The first focus area included Downtown and Stanford Shopping
Center. The second focus area extended down the El Camino Real corridor.
The third focus area was the California Avenue area including the Fry's site.
The fourth focus area was Stanford Research Park. The fifth focus area was
the East Meadow/Bayshore area. The sixth focus area was south of San
Antonio Road to Mountain View. The third scoping meeting focused on
alternative futures. Approximately 80 participants provided their visions for
development of each of the focus areas over the next 15 years. Staff and
consultants provided three broad scenarios to guide the discussion and spur
ideas. An online activity mimicked the visioning process of the scoping
meeting. The four preliminary scenarios were the result of public outreach.
The community clearly indicated a desire to preserve and protect single-
family residential neighborhoods in Palo Alto.         Staff and consultants
requested additional public and Council input to refine the scenarios in order
to proceed with drafting an EIR. Concept Number 1, Do Nothing, would be
the no project alternative under CEQA and simply meant that the
Comprehensive Plan, policies, and zoning would not change. Development
would continue to occur under existing policies and would be accommodated
under existing zoning. Most likely, the evolution of El Camino Real would
continue toward mixed use and growth pressures would continue in the
California Avenue area.       There would be no major infrastructure
improvements. Concept Number 2 would slow growth without making
changes in land use designations. The City would adopt and implement a
new procedure for metering the pace of office and research and
development (R&D) projects. There would be some residential growth, but
only to satisfy State requirements. There would be policies to preserve and
enhance neighborhood-serving retail and to regulate formula retail. El
Camino Real would move towards a residential character; setbacks would
increase; and redevelopment would reach the current height limit. Concept
Number 3, Slow Growth and Adjusted Location of Housing Sites, differed
from Concept Number 2 primarily in the location of housing development.
The City would adopt and implement a procedure for metering the pace of
office and R&D projects. The South El Camino and South San Antonio
housing sites in the current Housing Element would be relocated. Nodes of
development close to bus rapid transit stops on El Camino Real would be
identified. Housing and development would be concentrated in those nodes.
The major infrastructure improvement would involve depressing the Caltrain
tracks south of Page Mill Road. Concept Number 4, Net Zero, was an
opportunity to test various net zero concepts. For example, change in the
East Meadow/Bayshore area would lead to an urban village character. The
nodes identified along El Camino Real under Concept Number 3 would also
occur. The designation of the Fry's site and some surface parking lots in
Research Park would change to mixed use development. Concept Number 4
                                                                        Page 10 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/04/14
