greater than 10 percent. He requested Staff comment on those startling
discrepancies and ways to address them.

James Keene, City Manager, suggested Staff could obtain more specific or
granular location data if the Council was interested in the issue. Clusters of
responses could correlate with proximity to bus service, access for seniors,
or other such issues. Staff could more easily deal with specific service issues
as opposed to people's perception of the community. He did not know what
the historical information would demonstrate or if issues were related to the
underlying urban design of one area versus the other. There were a host of
issues that could play into these things.

Council Member Schmid understood the north-south division had not been a
regular part of the presentation. The same types of discrepancies were last
seen in the Library Bond election of 2008. If the discrepancies were
averaged, they probably totaled around 12 percentage points between north
and south Palo Alto. That was the same discrepancy in the Maybell election.

Council Member Klein noted that the questionnaire was mailed at
approximately the same time as the Measure D campaign. He inquired
whether there was a method to determine the impact, if any, of the Measure
D campaign on responses.

Mr. Boussina was not able to answer that.

Council Member Klein believed many of the differences between 2012 and
2013 begged for more information. The report indicated a greater concern
about crime in the Downtown area between 2012 and 2013; however, crime
did not increase between 2012 and 2013. He wished to learn the objective
facts behind the difference in answers. He asked if Staff had the ability to
probe more deeply.

Mr. Boussina reported Staff could not make additional inquiries in the scope
of the current survey. The City could ask customized questions in future
surveys.

Council Member Klein suggested survey questions include whether the
answer was the same as given the previous year and, if not, why not. This
could provide the reasoning behind perceived changes when the objective
facts indicated there were no changes.

Mr. Boussina indicated in the Performance Report Staff attempted to
incorporate and place side-by-side some information from the National
Citizen Survey with facts.

Council Member Klein was interested in raw data rather than opinions.
                                                                          Page 3 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 03/17/14
