                              MINUTES
Mr. Bobel stated he would work with them individually.

Council Member Scharff was pleased to support the Motion as it would have
a positive impact on public health. He inquired whether someone would
have to complain about someone smoking or whether officers could cite
smokers on sight.

Mr. Bobel reported the Police Department was not in the habit of ignoring
Code violations.

Council Member Scharff felt an advantage to the proposed Ordinance would
be the clear delineation of designated smoking areas. Police Officers would
no longer have to determine if smokers were inside the 25-foot buffer zone.
Smoking at bingo games was not prohibited.

Ms. Struve clarified that smoking would be allowed only in a bingo game
area with less than five employees or run by volunteers.

Council Member Berman concurred with referring the e-cigarette issue to the
Committee for additional review. He related information from studies he
found online regarding teen use of e-cigarettes.

Mayor Shepherd suggested the Committee consider a sunset provision for e-
cigarettes. She would support the Motion.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, clarified that the Council wished to delete e-
cigarettes from the proposed Ordinance.

Mayor Shepherd was not amending the Motion.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
XXX to include e-cigarettes in the Ordinance.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

23.   Colleague's Memo From Council Members Berman, Burt, and Klein
      Regarding Climate Action Plan Implementation Strategy to Reduce Use
      of Natural Gas and Gasoline Through “Fuel Switching” to Carbon-Free
      Electricity.

Council Member Burt advised that the Colleague's Memo did not determine
any action by the Council, but it did move the Council toward evaluation of
future initiatives. Future initiatives would be essential for the City to fulfill
the objectives of the Climate Action Plan.

12/15/2014                                                               116- 275
