                             MINUTES
It was anticipated the traffic levels would increase substantially over the
next five-years. They were preparing the Program Environmental Impact
Report (PEIR) including elements of the County’s General Plan Circulations
and Mobility Element, addressing future congestion issues. The future needs
of Page Mill Road, Oregon Expressway, and Foothill Expressway were
expanding capacity and interchange/intersection easements. They were
considering a future grade separation underground for Foothill Expressway
near Embarcadero Road for the high school. City Staff had requested the
Study focus more on Page Mill Road with conceptual land and lane studies.

Mr. Rodriguez pointed out the concept plan mentioned by Ms. Cameron was
how Staff performed most transportation projects because of the ability to
engage the community and the stakeholders for the area in question. The
timing for the Expressway Study was critical because it would feed into the
Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) plan process for the VTA
Transportation Plan 2040 (2040) beginning next year.

Robert Neff encouraged the Council move forward with the Expressway 2040
proposed plan for the Page Mill Road and Highway 280 interchange because
it would allow safer access during the interchange and a safe access way
onto Old Page Mill Road for pedestrians and bicyclists. Proposing widening
Page Mill Road to 6 lanes would not solve the issue which was the merge
from and to the Highway 280 interchange.

Vice Mayor Kniss stated there was a great deal of consternation with respect
to the Oregon Expressway intersection as it runs from the El Camino Real.
She asked for an example of where the improvement to Oregon Expressway
was planned.

Dan Collen, Deputy Director, Santa Clara County Roads & Airport
Department, noted the County was aware the Oregon Expressway project
had continued longer than anticipated. The contractor has entered into the
penalty phase of the timing in the agreement. He reported the electrical sub-
contractor had increased their crews and made productive progress on their
end resulting in a better synchronization of the signal lights to decrease the
delay until the construction was complete.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked how unhappy constituents communicate their
concerns.

Mr. Collen stated persons interested in an update of the status or unhappy
with the delays may contact the Santa Clara County Roads & Airport
Department.


06/16/2014                                                             115- 149
