                             MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to adopt the Resolution confirming the report and ordering
abatement costs to be a special assessment on the properties specified in
the report.

Council Member Scharff noticed some of the same property owners' names
appeared on the report each year. He inquired whether there was a process
to prevent such recurrences.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that sometimes the Code Enforcement
Team worked with a particular property regarding a number of issues. She
could not make any representations regarding the totality of the list. The
process of the Weed Abatement Report was the current process for
removing weeds from private property and billing owners for costs.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

21.   PUBLIC HEARING:       Comprehensive Plan Update – Discussion of
      Alternative Futures & Issues for Consideration in the Environmental
      Impact Report (EIR “Scoping” Meeting). The City will Prepare a
      Programmatic Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for the Update of its
      Comprehensive Plan. Staff will Summarize Input Received at Recent
      Public Meetings and Invite Comments and Suggestions from the Public
      and the City Council Regarding the Alternatives and Issues that Should
      be Included for Analysis in the EIR.         (Note:    After an initial
      presentation, comments, and discussion, this public hearing will be
      proposed for continuance to 7:00 PM on Wednesday, August 6, 2014).

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Council would discuss the public scoping
meeting phase of the program level report. Staff was preparing for the
environmental impact study of the Comprehensive Plan Update. After the
Public Hearing, the Council could 1) direct Staff to prepare an Environmental
Impact Report (EIR) analysis based on the four scenarios described in the
Staff Report; 2) suggest modifications or refinements to the four scenarios;
or 3) request additional information to better define the scenarios. The four
alternative concepts would generate changes to the draft policy documents
that the Council previously reviewed. The Public Hearing would remain open
for the meeting on Wednesday, August 6, 2014. The first round of Council
questions would be limited to the four scenarios, with deliberation of the four
scenarios occurring on August 6.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, met with
citizens of Palo Alto to discuss their vision for Palo Alto in 2030. Citizens
were receptive to analyzing alternative futures for Palo Alto. She introduced
Andrew Hill, the Consultant working with Staff from PlaceWorks.

                                                                          Page 8 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/04/14
