                             MINUTES
MINUTES APPROVAL

Council Member Scharff would vote no on the Minutes. The City Attorney
and he felt sense Minutes did not accurately reflect comments made during
the meetings. The Council should begin verbatim Minutes as soon as
possible.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the Minutes of August 18, 2014.

Council Member Burt explained that Council Members could request
consideration of a policy change under Council Member Questions and
Comments or request Minutes be corrected.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to forgo approval of the minutes tonight to allow Council
Members to provide corrections, they are to be put back on the agenda on
October 20, 2014.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Policy and Services Committee was discussing
the use of sense and verbatim Minutes.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that the Policy and Services Committee
would provide a recommendation for future Minutes. The Substitute Motion
would return Minutes of the August 18, 2014 meeting for review and
correction.

Mayor Shepherd advised that approval of the Substitute Motion would result
in Minutes of the August 18 meeting being continued to October 20 when
corrections could be made.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if there was a problem with the Minutes.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that the Council could only approve or not approve
Minutes.

Mr. Keene understood Council Member Scharff to indicate he would not vote
to approve the Minutes.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, reported the Municipal Code required sense
Minutes. Staff was to return to the Policy and Services Committee with
costs estimates for verbatim Minutes. She asked if Council Members would
provide her with corrections to the Minutes prior to October 20 or if she was
to hold the Minutes until the Policy and Services Committee made a
recommendation.

                                                                         Page 15 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/06/14
