                      FINAL MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd reported the City Clerk had polled Council Members but
received only partial information.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

19.   Approval of Letter Regarding Santa Clara County Transportation
      Project Sales Tax Increase.

Stephen Rosenblum was encouraged by the response to the sales tax
measure. The City's letter emphasized the importance of Caltrain to the
community. Funds should be applied to the undergrounding of Caltrain. He
supported the guidelines, but was disturbed that the guidelines opposed
High Speed Rail (HSR).

Richard C. Brand indicated a special interest group did not represent the
citizens of the county. The Council should have invited the Bay Area Rail
Alliance to speak. The Council should consider forming a citizen’s advisory
group for transit.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, thanked the Council for its strong support of
funding for Caltrain. A study session would be held later in the month to
include community input. The letter seemed to indicate Palo Alto wanted
grade separations ahead of any capacity improvements.

Stephanie Munoz noted a renewed in interest in Caltrain.        HSR from San
Jose to San Francisco would negatively impact Caltrain.

20.   Council Direction to Staff on Potential Housing Site for Inclusion in the
      2015-2023 Housing Element Update and on Submittal of an
      Administrative Draft for the State's Initial Review.

Steve Pierce supported the designation of Arastradero sites as new housing
sites within the Housing Element. They were excellent sites for multifamily
housing. The sites would likely be occupied by people who worked nearby,
which would reduce peak traffic flow. The group owning one of the parcels
was willing to commit to building rental housing and to give preference to
local workers.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the issue was discussed at a Regional
Housing Mandate Committee meeting.

Mr. Pierce made the proposal to the Regional Housing Mandate Committee.


                                                                           Page 24 of 26
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
