                             MINUTES
Brian Schmidt, Santa Clara Valley Water District Board Vice Chair, supported
Staff's recommendation and urged the Council to adopt the Resolution. The
Resolution could help the City use even less water. Santa Clara County
attained 12 percent water use reduction; however, it needed to reach 20
percent. The Board voted to hire five to ten water waste inspectors, who
would identify and educate residents who wasted water.

Stephanie Munoz advised that water users paid for improvements in the use
of water. A water leak could result in a large water bill.

Council Member Price noted costs of enforcement would be covered by
Water Fund Reserves. She assumed Water Fund Reserves were adequate to
fund enforcement costs.    She inquired whether additional staffing for
enforcement would remain in place as long as needed.

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director, explained that costs could include additional
staffing or overtime.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to adopt the Resolution implementing outdoor water use restrictions
in compliance with the State Water Resources Control Board’s July 15, 2014
emergency drought regulations.

Council Member Holman felt adopting the approaches was reasonable and
rational.

Council Member Schmid asked if Staff found any substantial discrepancies by
type of users, in other words, were some users reducing water usage more
than others.

Ms. Fong indicated the 17 percent was a community reduction amount.

Council Member Schmid stated another round could be helpful to encourage
those users who were not conserving as much as other users.

Mayor Shepherd understood experts were not aware whether the drought
would abate. However, there were concerns that the drought would be
prolonged. Additional water reductions could be necessary.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd to
direct Staff to agendize a discussion of the current Palo Alto Page Mill YMCA
proposed closing.

                                                                         Page 23 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/04/14
