whether Staff could utilize data prepared by neighborhoods in parking
analyses.

Ms. Sullivan noted both residents and Staff had parking inventory data.
Staff was compiling maps for parking inventory. Consultants prepared
occupancy studies at varying times of day. Staff was working with residents
regarding data.

Council Member Holman indicated the list of items on the Council Agenda
was helpful, and suggested the list include points of action and calendar
dates. The issue was carrying capacity, and the Council had to address that.

Council Member Klein inquired about a change in Palo Alto High School's
student parking policy.

Mr. Keene did not have information about Palo Alto High School's parking
policy. He would inquire with the Palo Alto Unified School District.


MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) direct Staff to draft an Ordinance that provides a process and
criteria for establishment of individual Residential Parking Program (RPP)
Districts based on input received this evening and disseminate the draft
Ordinance for public review/comment prior to review by the Planning &
Transportation Commission, 2) direct Staff to concurrently convene a
Stakeholder Group of residents, businesses, and landowners/landlords to
develop a draft implementation strategy and timeline for the first RPP
District, 3) urge Staff to simplify the process outlined for neighborhoods
starting from scratch to enact a trial process so it is no more than one year
from the time start of the process, 4) direct Staff is to return with timetable
by March 3, 2014, for various activities such as Stakeholder Group,
Planning & Transportation Commission and the modified draft Ordinance, so
that we can have a trial period begin by the first business day in January
2015.     Staff is to work back from that date so Council could take action
around November 15, 2014.

Ms. Stump reported Staff structured the item to be general in nature and
deferred specific neighborhood issues where Council Members and key Staff
might have conflicts. The Motion included recommendations with respect to
specific neighborhoods. Specific neighborhoods could be deferred to Staff
for consideration.

Council Member Klein expressed concerned that neighborhoods should not
have to duplicate their work. He suggested that item be separated for
Council vote.
                                                                         Page 16 of 19
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/27/2014
