             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Council Member Schmid requested Staff provide the source of funds for
parking technologies. He inquired about the current amount of income from
and expenditures for metering of parking spaces. He requested Staff
provide the funding source for the $500,000 and means to reimburse the
funds. He generally favored Option 2, because it provided a large number of
pricing variables that the Council could adjust.      The Council had not
discussed ways to distinguish between office workers and service workers.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the technology that included mailing invoices for
parking was similar to the Fast Track program.

Ms. Sullivan indicated Fast Track utilized the same technology.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the technology was commonly used.

Ms. Sullivan reported that a great deal of behind-the-scenes activities were
required to make the technology function properly. The technology did not
have the accuracy rate of a gated system. Human intervention was needed
to check license plates that were missed.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether a Fast Track card could be scanned to
allow entrance to a garage.

Ms. Gitelman was unsure whether the City's program could be integrated
with the Fast Track program; however, the processes were similar.

Mayor Shepherd was very interested in integrating City garages with the
Fast Track program. She wished the public had been present to comment.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
direct Staff to:   1) move forward with an RFP for integrated Parking
Guidance System, and Access and Revenue Control technology, and 2) direct
Staff to bring forward an informational report that includes a timeline for
Council review and to possibly truncate and provide options for the timeline.

Mayor Shepherd commented that the Council was studying many concepts
and attempting to comprehend them. Staff's methodology was providing
the Council with a sense of the immensity of the parking problem.
Implementing existing technology would be less confusing for users.

Council Member Scharff believed the community had high standards and
expected implementation to go smoothly. He could not support spending
$500,000 for hardware and then removing it six months later.



                                                                         Page 20 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
