                     FINAL MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz believed workers needed housing close to jobs. The City
should purchase the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park property to construct
low-income housing.

21.   Review and Approval of the Revised Draft Infrastructure Project
      Funding Proposal, Preliminary Approval of the Transient Occupancy
      Tax Ballot Language, and Authorization to do Final Polling on the
      Transient Occupancy Tax and Utilities User Tax Modernization
      Measures.

Richard Hackmann, Senior Management Analyst reported Staff sought
Council approval of ballot language in order to perform polling. Staff would
return with a comprehensive report of the polling.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that Staff proposed to poll on the
Utilities User Tax (UUT) modernization language as well.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff to do final polling on the Transient Occupancy Tax
measure and Utilities User Tax Modernization Measure.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the ballot language was legally
appropriate.

Ms. Stump noted the Infrastructure Committee supported polling regarding
modernization language with respect to the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT)
and to the rate increase. Staff recommended the Council consider language
updates to ensure the TOT continued to apply to different forms of travel
arrangements.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council was approving modernization
language to include Airbnb, VRBO, and residential neighborhood rentals.

Ms. Stump indicated the Council was voting to approve polling on the
question.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether polling would be conducted on the
question separately or as a unified question.

Ms. Stump understood pollsters would utilize a format to measure whether
the addition of that element had any impact on support for the item.

Council Member Schmid did not believe the Council had discussed the issue.

                                                                         Page 25 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
