            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Mr. Betts responded no. Fences to be moved were located on the opposite
side of the property.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent

9.   Status Report on Parking Garage Technologies That Can be Used to
     Manage    Parking   Supplies   and   Council Direction Regarding
     Implementation of Parking Guidance Systems.

Mayor Shepherd recalled the Council's direction to Staff regarding parking
strategies in February 2014. On August 11, 2014, the Council approved a
study for the design of satellite parking. In September 2014, the Council
would consider locations for a new Downtown parking garage.

Jessica Sullivan, Senior Project Engineer, explained that transportation
demand reduction and parking supply measures were three tracks for
parking initiatives. Parking management strategies considered who parked
where, for how long, and at what cost. The Downtown Residential Parking
Permit (RPP) Program was part of that strategy. Transportation demand
reduction strategies focused on methods to remove people from cars while
providing them with viable options. Parking supply measures focused on
managing existing parking supply, building new supply, and effectively using
existing parking supply. Staff was reviewing a number of strategies for
various components of parking initiatives. A technology pilot program was
underway in front of City Hall. Puck sensors placed in parking spaces
provided occupancy information to a local router that then provided
information to a server and created a dashboard for users. Data indicated
which spaces were occupied, how long each space had been occupied, and
the average length of occupancy. Occupancy data for the Downtown area
indicated the area was fully parked on a typical day in April at noon. Staff
calculated 1,851 cars as the demand number for that April day. The total
number of parking spaces on the street in the Downtown area was
approximately 6,500, of which 5,500 spaces were located in residential
areas. At the current time, only one program had been instituted to create
additional parking supply—the Lot R Valet Assist Program. When the RPP
Program was implemented, satellite parking would be close to
implementation. Valet Assist Programs could be implemented at other
garages to increase parking supply; however, costs prohibited long-term use
of Valet Assist Programs. Staff hoped to utilize technology to increase
utilization of garages. Caltrain and Stanford commuters would not be able
to purchase a permit for the RPP Program. Future scenarios offered new
garages and Transportation Demand Management (TDM) strategies to
reduce the total demand for parking. Staff was attempting to reduce the
total demand for parking by about 50 percent over the next few years. As

                                                                        Page 10 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
