Bill Leikam studied the behavior of the gray fox at the Baylands over the
past five years. Disturbing the wildlife corridor in the Baylands would initiate
inbreeding in animal populations.

Mr. Scherzer recommended the Council vote against the RFP and cancel all
items. Anaerobic digesters manufactured greenhouse gas (GHG). Other
technologies could perform the same job while producing more power.

Council Member Burt inquired about the handout Mr. Scherzer provided.

Mr. Scherzer provided a 45-page report to the City Manager approximately
two weeks previously for distribution to the Council.

Alice Smith believed many residents voted to construct a facility in order to
stop transporting wastes. She was concerned that the 2022 completion date
would exceed the ten-year period allowed by the grant. She hoped the
Council could expedite a solution.

Layne Baroldi, Director of Regulatory and Legislative Affairs for Synagrow
Technologies, complimented Staff on their procurement process. Staff was
recognized within the State as experts of biosolids management. Authorities
confirmed that Synagrow facilities could handle Palo Alto materials.

Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan reported some members of the advisory committee
commented that Staff had ignored their work. The Council should not take
action.

Robert Moss felt the original Staff recommendation was probably the best
option. He was uncomfortable with issuing a second RFP immediately,
because bidders would revise their proposals to satisfy concerns rather than
resolve the problem.

Walt Hays indicated 1,000 members of Palo Alto Green Energy (PAGE) were
opposed to the original recommendation to reject proposals. The alternative
recommendation located a composting facility in Palo Alto on the Measure E
site. Without the alternative recommendations, PAGE strongly opposed the
Staff recommendation. With alternative recommendations, PAGE supported
it.

Jackie Kepke, East Bay Municipal Utility District, was interested in partnering
with Palo Alto to process wastewater sludge and other organic materials into
bioenergy using existing facilities.




04/29/2014                                                              114- 524
