                             MINUTES
compile a list of different types of businesses for economic development
purposes.

Council Member Klein suggested the question regarding business type
contain examples of types of businesses. He inquired about Staff actions
with respect to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS).

Mr. Fehrenbach advised that Staff could glean information from the NAICS
and possibly set that up to be automated and to eliminate that question.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff had spoken with larger companies in
Palo Alto.

Mr. Fehrenbach requested feedback from large Palo Alto companies
regarding the Business Registry in general rather than the questionnaire.

Council Member Klein believed questions submitted by the public would be
easier for small businesses to answer. Because larger employers had many
employees who affected traffic the most, he hoped Staff would obtain
feedback from larger employers.

Mr. Fehrenbach indicated Staff could determine some methods to obtain that
information from companies. One of the speakers had some good ideas
about that.

Council Member Price felt nonprofit agencies should register and pay a fee.
Staff should clarify which of the nonprofit categories applied. She preferred
a simple process and questions. They could be refined and modified at a
later time. She supported increasing the fee based on the Consumer Price
Index (CPI).     Obtaining origin data such as ZIP Code was important.
Employee mode of transportation was also important; however, that level of
detail could be delayed to a later time. She assumed the TMA survey would
reach that level of detail. A "mother" or "father" company should register
and list other locations as well as employee counts at each location. She
inquired about the experience of Accela in relation to business registries.

Ken Sawtelle, Accela, would provide specific examples of work with other
business registries to the Council. Accela had been in the land management
and licensing and case management business for more than 30 years.

Council Member Price noted the Staff Report mentioned the potential need
for a Program Assistant III to manage the Business Registry and outreach.
She asked when that position might be needed.

                                                                       Page 16 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
