                             MINUTES
The phrase “any other increase in size of the improvement” was important
and everything that was before that were examples of what the drafters of
the Ordinance tried to achieve. If the drafters of this language wanted to
say “building area” or “building envelope,” they would have said it. The City
Grandfathered buildings in, but did not want them increased in the size.
Interior remodels were allowed, but trading off basement area for square
footage elsewhere was not; the language included what was above ground.

Vice Mayor Kniss agreed with other comments and said: larger was larger.
This project did not seem ready. She wanted to know if a Motion was
needed to reject the project upgrade from a Category Three to Two, and to
decide on the meaning of building envelope.

Ms. Gitelman noted an application was submitted, and there was a need to
decide on the disposition of the application. She said the applicant could be
asked to revise it or the application could be denied.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member XXX to
deny the application but allow the applicant to resubmit after taking into
consideration the Council input tonight.

Ms. Silver explained that the application could be denied or Council could
indicate that they would like to see a revised project.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Holman wanted Staff to reconsider the CEQA exemption
because a better explanation was required. There were many conditions of
approval that came back to either the ARB or a subcommittee that were
called minor adjustments, like the street trees. Transportation Demand
Management measures and others that were not minor, were required in the
application. She referred to Noncompliant Fillable Facility Replacements and
said Staff did not respond to her question. Staff’s interpretation of building
envelope was different from the one in the Municipal Code. Changing the
building from a Category Three to Two was separate because the building
qualified as a Category Two designation. In exchange for approval of this
project, the public received a permanent protection of this building, which
was a landmark in a nationally registered district; she proposed penalties
when there was a default in responsibility of historic buildings. In return,
the applicant received TDR’s and the Historic Tax Credit.          Disrupting
Centennial Walk Plaques eroded the historic features and the honor of the
Plaques.

06/23/2014                                                       115- 204
