                             MINUTES
housing projects. The RHMC developed measured, detailed, and quantified
recommendations.

Vice Mayor Kniss appreciated comments from members of the RHMC.

Council Member Price hoped the Council would be mindful of the need for
low- and very-low-income housing and would consider other alternatives.
The need for affordable housing would only increase.

Council Member Burt recalled Mr. Moss's statement that the Council never
required low-income projects to have concessions. In fact, every low-
income Planned Community (PC) did have significant concessions.

Council Member Scharff supported deleting Section 18.15.050(f). The RHMC
changed concessions from 50 percent to 25 percent with the exception of
the increase in the FAR. Decreasing the FAR concession to 25 percent still
provided a strong incentive.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to decrease FAR incentive to 25 percent not 50
percent on subsection (iv) on packet page 522.

Council Member Holman believed the RHMC did not reduce the concession
because it would be insignificant in a mixed-use project.

Ms. Gitelman did not remember why the RHMC did not reduce the FAR
concession to 25 percent. It was a meaningful concession at 50 percent and
would still be meaningful at 25 percent.

Council Member Berman suggested the RHMC may have discussed 35
percent, because that was the allowed density bonus and it could have
correlated with the FAR increase from those units. In a mixed-use project,
25 percent was probably sufficient to cover the increase of housing units.
Building affordable housing in Palo Alto was difficult.   Most affordable
housing units were constructed under PCs. The Council needed to identify a
different method to construct affordable housing.

Council Member Klein felt the Council was implicitly endorsing the concession
system of the State. The RHMC improved the system, but concessions were
still a bad idea.    He supported deletion of Section 18.15.050(f).        He
regretted that time constraints prevented the Council from continuing the
item to review public comments.

Mayor Shepherd appreciated the community's concerns regarding Section
18.15.050(f). Enacting the Ordinance was the wise course of action. She
expressed concern that BMR units had a lifespan of only 30 years. As the

                                  22                     January 13, 2014
