                      FINAL MINUTES
only to other systems and did not indicate the economic feasibility of shuttle
service. He inquired about the effects of new means of transportation such
as Uber.

Mr. Rodriguez planned to return to the Council for next steps and could
provide additional metrics at that time. Internal Staff discussions considered
developing stations around the City where people could meet and pick up
rides through services such as Uber and Lift..

Council Member Klein wanted to see the impact of that and Zipcar. He
inquired whether Staff had discussed the possibility of City shuttles drawing
sufficient numbers of riders from VTA buses such that VTA ceased some
service within Palo Alto.

Mr. Rodriguez developed the west route several months ago and shared all
routes with VTA, SamTrans, and Marguerite services. VTA did not believe
the proposed west route would compete with VTA routes, because the
origins and destinations for the west route were different from origins and
destinations for VTA.

Council Member Klein asked if VTA was willing to commit to continuing the
22 and 522 buses should the west route be implemented.

Mr. Rodriguez did not have that specific discussion with VTA but could do so.

Mr. Crosley understood VTA would continue to operate service to the Palo
Alto Caltrain Station and would continue Bus 22 service as an overlay to Bus
Rapid Transit (BRT) service once Bus 522 converted to BRT service. In
analyzing ridership provided by VTA, he found the vast majority of riders
traveling on Buses 22 and 522 in Palo Alto originated outside Palo Alto.
Based on 2012-2013 ridership, The cost per boarding was $1.85 for the
Crosstown route.

Council Member Klein believed the designation of West Bayshore was
confusing in that it had different meanings for people in Mountain View and
Palo Alto.

Mr. Rodriguez should have stated Shoreline Business Park in Mountain View.

Council Member Klein inquired whether any businesses had indicated a
willingness to contribute to shuttle service in discussions with Staff.

Mr. Rodriguez felt businesses supported establishing a partnership with the
City, but wanted policy support for a partnership before negotiating. It
would be safe to say some employers were willing to partner with the City.

                                                                          Page 9 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
