                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein wanted to consider Item Number 15 and Item Number
16 together. He suggested the Council delete the amendment of Section
18.16.060 and consider public comments.

Ms. Gitelman indicated that was a policy matter within the Council's
discretion. The amendment to Section 18.16.060 was a commitment the
City made in its Housing Element. If the Council rejected the idea of
allowing 20 units per acre on 32 parcels, the City would have a problem with
the State because it would not be implementing its Housing Element.

Council Member Klein stated the City had a surplus of units.

Tim Wong, Senior Planner, reported the City had a small surplus of
approximately 13 units. If the Council rejected rezoning the 32 parcels,
then Staff would have to subtract 64 units considered as part of Housing
Inventory sites.

Council Member Burt understood the City committed to rezoning to 20 units
per acre in the Housing Element. That was not a requirement of State law.
He proposed not altering that commitment, but instead to reduce the Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) and to refer the reduced FAR to the P&TC.

Council Member Klein requested Staff return with advice on the matter. He
was sure the Staff report indicated the State's default position was to zone
for 20 units per acre.

Ms. Gitelman clarified the Staff Report indicated the State had a default
density that applied to the City of Palo Alto. If the City could achieve zoning
of 20 units per acre, the State would consider those sites available for low-
and very-low-income housing. However, the City still had to zone for 20
units per acre.

Council Member Burt felt the Motion was broad enough that it did not
stipulate those changes occur. If the Motion had an incorrect assumption, it
was broad enough that it did not direct Staff to do something that was
incorrect. The Motion should also include Community Commercial (CC)
Zoning.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER
to include the Community Commercial (CC) zone.

Council Member Klein did not believe the State Legislature could require a
City Council to vote for a particular item.

Mr. Keene was unsure whether the Motion presumed the P&TC could
complete their work by the second meeting in February. The second

                                   16                     January 13, 2014
