                              MINUTES
A proposed final Comprehensive Plan would be presented to the Council for
consideration at the end of 2015. Within the document, the status of
policies and programs was shown in red. Existing policies were compared to
proposed replacements and edits in blue. Staff included disposition tables to
allow the Council to see changes to existing policies and programs. In the
next 90 days, Staff would undertake an expanded community outreach and
engagement effort, followed by Council discussion and direction in early
August.     On August 4, 2014, Staff hoped to receive Council direction
regarding critical issues and alternatives for inclusion in the draft
Comprehensive Plan and draft EIR which would be reviewed and developed
in the fall. This update was an opportunity for the community to discuss the
location and pace of development across the City. At the end of the
visioning process, Staff wanted to have a range of alternatives that
bracketed possible outcomes of the planning process. The Staff Report
suggested some high-level questions for Council discussion. The Council's
original direction for the Comprehensive Plan update was to: focus on the
preservation of commercial land uses including retail and community
services, to support new residential growth and to incorporate sustainability
concepts, and to prepare Area Concept Plans for East Meadow Circle and the
California Avenue area. The first question was whether the Council wanted
to reconsider or expand its original direction in identifying priorities for the
update. The second question concerned critical issues and alternatives as
well as baseline data. Staff identified critical issues of growth management
strategies and how and where growth should occur in Palo Alto. Staff
requested the Council discuss other critical issues about which Staff should
engage the community in the next few months. Staff could only evaluate a
limited number of alternatives and proposed the draft Comprehensive Plan
and draft EIR consider three alternatives. Staff requested the Council
comment on specific alternatives or planning concepts that it felt should be
prioritized for consideration.

Mark Michael, Planning and Transportation Commission Chair, advised that
the Staff Report and draft Comprehensive Plan accurately documented
outreach efforts. The Our Palo Alto initiative showed great potential to tap
into the thoughts, hopes, and concerns of residents. He encouraged people
to focus on a succinct statement of a vision for Palo Alto. The pace of
innovation, rate of change, demographic shifts, and activities in the
surrounding region and local economy made a compelling argument that
goals and policies in the Comprehensive Plan should be kept current and
updated at shorter intervals. The P&TC made recommendations on vision
statements for the five Elements in the document and two Area Concept
Plans. He hoped the Council would seek a common vision for managing the
changes to come and that such vision statement would provide direction for
all Comprehensive Plan Elements, goals, policies, and programs.

05/05/2014                                                              114- 556
