                     FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Schmid asked if the Finance Committee made any
recommendation on that point.

Council Member Berman did not recall the Finance Committee
recommending additional funding be restricted to only the two-year
agencies.

Council Member Schmid believed Staff's recommendation and the Finance
Committee's approval of referral to the HRC meant only the two-year
agencies.

Council Member Berman explained that the Finance Committee discussion
and recommendation occurred while the HRC retained oversight of PACCC
and Avenidas. Thus, the Finance Committee did not opine regarding the
current situation.

Council Member Schmid referenced the Council's allocation of $250,000 for
homeless outreach, which was not included in HSRAP. That also could be
included in the package or discussion.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag reported that the homeless effort was a two-year
contract with the County of Santa Clara (County) and not part of HSRAP.

Mr. Keene stated Council Member Schmid's point prospectively was a policy
question.

Council Member Schmid questioned whether the pool could be wider than
those agencies awarded contracts two years ago, if money was available.

Council Member Scharff understood the Finance Committee discussion
occurred when Avenidas and PACCC were part of HSRAP. He inquired
whether PACCC and Avenidas would participate in any additional funding
should the Council approve it.

Council Member Berman felt that was a valid point for Council discussion.
When the Finance Committee made its recommendation, the HRC had
oversight of all agencies. He understood the Finance Committee's decision
was for the cap to apply to all agencies. Now that PACCC and Avenidas were
not part of HSRAP, perhaps the Finance Committee should review its
recommendation.

Council Member Scharff recalled that the Council decision the prior week to
remove PACCC and Avenidas from HSRAP included the point that PACCC and
Avenidas should not suffer because of that action. If PACCC and Avenidas
were not considered for additional funding, then they would suffer.

                                                                         Page 7 of 29
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
