                            MINUTES
Open Session, affected employees could offer comments and opinion and the
Council could explain the City's compensation system.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by
Council Member Scharff to schedule a broader Council policy discussion on
October 6, 2014, regarding compensation for non-represented employees in
public or in Closed Session, and to continue Agenda Item Number 1 until
after the policy discussion.

Council Member Holman supported the Substitute Motion. The Motion was
not transparent with respect to employees. She inquired about a timeframe
for the item to return to the Council and information to be presented to the
Council.

Mr. Keene would provide all information necessary for the Council and public
to understand the different components of the Management Compensation
Plan and to discuss the implications of decisions.

Council Member Holman remarked that employees subject                  to    the
Compensation Plan should be given notice of the Open Session.

Council Member Klein commended Council Member Scharff for his Motion,
but wished Council Member Scharff had notified the Council of his Motion
prior to the meeting.

Council Member Scharff advised that such contact would be a violation of the
Brown Act.

Council Member Klein clarified that Council Members could refer
communication through the City Clerk. He preferred some advance notice in
order to consider different aspects of the issue. He would support the
Substitute Motion with some modifications. The Substitute Motion should
state "discussion of compensation for non-represented employees of the
City" rather than "labor negotiations." Employees should not be subject to
the mercy of the Council's agenda; therefore, the Substitute Motion should
state a date certain of October 6, 2014.

Mr. Keene needed to review the item in relation to other items currently on
Agenda for October 6, 2014.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change "discussion of compensation for non-
represented employees of the City" rather than "labor negotiations."

                                                                       Page 5 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/22/14
