                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman mentioned the Page Mill Road Park & Ride was
being utilized by corporate facilities where their employee’s parked and the
corporate busses picked them up. She noted the Palo Alto Comprehensive
Plan speaks to not widening roadways. An important element to understand
was the impact of greenhouse gas for the major and severe designation of
traffic analysis.

Mayor Shepherd asked for an update to the Highway 280/Page Mill Road
intersection proposed signal light implementation.

Ms. Cameron stated Caltrans had proposed signalizing the southbound
Highway 280 off-ramp. The goal was to assist moving traffic off of the
freeway and avoid the spillback. Los Altos Hills had concerns with the
increase in traffic flow at the light onto Page Mill Road approaching too
quickly when that section was not designed to support the anticipated
capacity. Caltrans did not have a clear consensus regarding the signalization
or the Park & Ride area; one community was against it while others were for
it. The County agreed to fund a more in-depth study if Caltrans was willing
to hold off on simply shelving the project.

Mr. Rodriguez expressed the users of the Highway 280 interchange at Page
Mill Road were not from Palo Alto but rather San Mateo County or the San
Francisco area. Those voices had not been heard and that was why Palo Alto
Staff provided such an intense outreach program.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the train was considered as part of the traffic
impact. If the modernization became a reality, the train would be more
frequent and thus fewer vehicles able to pass through a signal cycle.

Mr. Collen stated the Oregon Expressway underpass had the pumps changed
for a higher level capacity which was anticipated to alleviate some stress
during the rainy season.

Ms. Cameron noted the County was aware with respect to the more frequent
passing of the trains which was one of the issues with the signaling in
Mountain View. The past and current Expressway Plans included grade
separation for ease of traffic flow and signaling coordination.

Mr. Rodriguez agreed the same issue was on Alma Street where the train
passes 12 times per hour. Signal synchronization has been impossible to
coordinate.




06/16/2014                                                            115- 155
