                              MINUTES
Council Member Price requested the names of the nine commercial accounts
receiving the large user discount.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services/Chief Financial Officer,
responded CPI, Hewlett-Packard, Varian Medical, Stanford Hospital, Loral,
Stanford Heinz, VMware, Stanford University, and 529 Bryant.

Council Member Price asked if Staff had approached the entities about the
possibility of the rate changing.

Ms. Stump indicated Staff had not conducted specific outreach.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported Stanford University
agreed to forego the large volume discount as part of the consideration for
the Stanford University Medical Center Development Agreement. Once
Stanford Hospital opened, it would pay the full 5 percent rate.

Council Member Price asked if other cities with utilities provided a discount.

Ms. Stump was not aware of any others, but Staff did not specifically survey
for that topic.

Council Member Price inquired whether elimination of the large user discount
could be phased out.

Ms. Stump replied yes.

Council Member Price noted the Staff Report did not include scenarios
phasing out the discount.

Ms. Stump explained that Staff did not include those scenarios, because
Staff had not received any direction from the Council or a Council
Committee.    Most modern rate structures increased rates rather than
decreased rates for higher usage.

Council Member Price asked if eliminating the large user discount would
result in a $500,000 revenue increase for the City.

Joseph Saccio, Assistant Director Administrative Services, answered yes.
The projected revenue increase was $550,000.

Stephanie Munoz was surprised that large user discounts continued for
institutions that were better able to pay than residents.

Council Member Berman inquired whether modernizing the UUT would not
change the rate for most users in Palo Alto.
                                                                         Page 16 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/24/2014
