                            MINUTES
Ms. Stump reported comments requesting an item return on a future Agenda
was appropriate. It was not proper for the Council to take action on another
topic, because the Agenda Item was narrowly described.

Council Member Price wished to direct Staff to identify additional programs
serving the homeless including the Santa Barbara program and other city
and/or nonprofit partnerships that had been successful in other
communities.

Ms. Stump indicated that direction should be placed on a future Council
Agenda so that notice could be provided to the public.

Council Member Price requested Staff address her comments at a future
meeting.

Ms. Stump advised that the Council could consider whether it wished to set
that as a future Agenda Item.

Mr. Keene explained that Staff would place an item on a future Agenda, at
which time the Council would decide whether to act on the item. Staff would
not perform any research on the issue until the Council directed them to do
so.

Council Member Berman requested Council Member Price make her
comments under the topic of Council Member Questions, Comments, and
Announcements. At that time, he would support her proposal.

Council Member Price wanted the Council to take some action that had
meaning and generated positive outcomes.

Council Member Schmid recalled that the Council approved an expenditure of
$250,000 regarding homelessness. He understood those funds would be
matched by County of Santa Clara (County) funds for a program in North
Santa Clara County. He inquired about knowledge gained from monitoring
the program.

Ms. Stump remarked that Community Services Staff could provide specific
information regarding that program. The reference to monitoring conditions
and impacts was a reflection of the ongoing administrative work performed
to address the myriad issues related to homelessness. The item was not
agendized for an extensive exploration of those issues.

Council Member Schmid noted the Staff Report specified that the two
Motions were passed at the same time and the intention was to link those
two Motions.


11/17/2014                                                           116- 125
