                       FINAL MINUTES
Donna Grider, City Clerk announced that Council Member Kniss with 6 votes
was elected as Vice Mayor for 2014.

Council Member Holman announced that she would like the votes for her to
be given to Council Member Kniss making it a unanimous vote.

The Council by acclamation unanimously voted Council Member Kniss as the
Vice Mayor for 2014.

4.   Resolution 9387 entitled “Resolution of the City Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Expressing Appreciation for Outstanding Public Service to
     Greg Scharff as Mayor.”

Mayor Shepherd read the proclamation for Greg Scharff as Mayor.

Jeremy Dennis spoke on behalf of Assemblyman Rich Gordon and extended
his thanks to former Mayor Scharff. He expressed thanks for his work, in
particular the work on the Housing Element. He looked forward to working
with the new Mayor and Vice Mayor.

Cory Wolbach spoke on behalf of Senator Jerry Hill and extended thanks for
the new Mayor and Vice Mayor and for the hard work of the former Mayor.
Senator Hill has a great working relationship with the Council and the City of
Palo Alto.

Mayor Shepherd remarked that Council Member Scharff was an alternate for
Association of Bay Area Grants (ABAG) Board. One of the components of
ABAG was to have a certified Housing Element, which was objected in Palo
Alto. She thanked him for his work and his influence because they were
critical for the City of Palo Alto.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid to
adopt the Resolution of the City Council Expressing Appreciation for
Outstanding Public Service to Greg Scharff as Mayor.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Scharff remarked that people in the community were
engaged and had a lot to add to Council discussions; Palo Alto had much
respect internationally and regionally. He thanked City Staff, the City

                                                                           Page 9 of 11
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 01/06/14
