                             MINUTES
street parking. The City utilized Level of Service (LOS) as a measure of
traffic; however, the State would no longer utilize that measure. The
Institute of Traffic Engineers indicated origin to destination time surveys
should be utilized to determine quality of life. One survey of parking in
Downtown reported 5 percent of workers utilized transit, while another
survey reported 48 percent of workers utilized transit. He was skeptical
about allowing a consultant to make decisions without Council control. If the
Council was responsible for the Comprehensive Plan, then the consultant
should return to the Council with data selections for a public discussion. The
planning process did not mention a critical choice of economics. The value
of commercial property was monetized immediately. The value of residential
property was monetized when the property was sold. Many mitigations of
growth were paid through the General Fund; however, the majority of
revenue for the General Fund was provided by residents. Data such as
number of owner occupied units and rental units and families moving into
Palo Alto should be included. Before a detailed EIR was written, Staff should
return with concrete data measuring scenarios and impacts of scenarios in
order to hold an open discussion. Thereafter, Staff would have no difficulty
obtaining public input.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Council comments were limited to the
scoping process.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the direction was to review Staff's report.

Council Member Klein stated Council discussion was governed by the
Agenda.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, understood the Mayor organized the meeting to
provide an initial round of questions so that all Council Members had an
opportunity to ask questions before any Motion was made. The item was
open and bounded by the Council Agenda. Council Members could pursue
any direction that seemed appropriate.

Council Member Burt interpreted the Agenda item to be limited to the EIR.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff's recommendation was for the Council to direct
Staff either to proceed with preparation of the EIR or to identify specific
additional information required to further define the scenarios prior to
initiating an analysis of potential impacts.

Council Member Burt believed it would be premature to begin the EIR
scoping process. Considerations were outlined in the at-places letter from
Staff. The Council would not serve the community well by considering a
vision in the context of near-term problems. Traffic and parking and a few
                                                                        Page 12 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
