Mayor Shepherd requested Staff note the lead department and lead Staff for
each item when they returned in 30 days. Services to the community were
included in Standing Committee procedures.         The two focus areas of
California Avenue and East Meadow Circle should be included as subsections
of the Comprehensive Plan.       Under Land Use and Transportation, 27
University Avenue should be included. In addition, the Downtown CAP Study
and playing fields should be contained in the list. Under Environment, the
Cool Cities Challenge and Georgetown Prize remained outstanding. PC Zone
reform was part of the Council Agenda for February 3, 2014.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council's useful feedback would guide Staff's next
steps. The first floor remodel of City Hall was included on the list because of
its possible impact on meeting rooms. He viewed the list of items as a
means to focus the Council's discussion of Priorities and meetings.

The City Council took a break at 11:05 A.M. and returned at 11:23 A.M.

Mayor Shepherd noted the topic of Our Palo Alto was on the Agenda for the
February 3, 2014 Council meeting.

Mr. Keene believed the worksheet regarding Our Palo Alto would help the
Council work through and move forward regarding elements of the
Comprehensive Plan. The Ideas section of the worksheet addressed the
Council's commentary regarding engagement of the community. The City's
job was to design opportunities for the community to provide input. Staff
felt a discussion of Our Palo Alto connected to the Council's work regarding
Priorities and the Work Plan.

3.    Council Annual Priorities Setting
      a.   Process Foundation
      b.   Public Comment
      c.   Individual Nominees
      d.   Action: Final Grouping into Priorities and Vote and Approval

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Council's suggestions relating to
Priorities for 2014 were included in the packet. He did not believe it would
be difficult for the Council to reach agreement based on the Priorities
suggested by Council Members. He hoped the Council could be efficient and
set Priorities for 2014.

Council Member Klein wanted to hear Council comments regarding the
process for setting Priorities. The process the Council adopted in 2013 was

                                                                          Page 7 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 02/01/14
