                             MINUTES
He felt Mr. Chavez met that desire; however, Mr. Chavez was merely a
consultant. Clearly, the developers could find a grocer and name them as
the operator. He did understand why the developers did not do that.

Mayor Shepherd requested the Applicant respond to Council Member
Scharff's concern.

Michael Polentz, Manatt, Phelps and Phillips LLP, reported that neither Mr.
Werness nor Mr. Khoury provided accurate information regarding discussions
that transpired. After long negotiations with Mr. Werness, financial terms
were never agreed upon. Negotiations included Mr. Werness as the owner.
Mr. Werness made the decision to end negotiations. Mr. Khoury was never
part of JJ&F. Mr. Khoury was offered an opportunity to be the operator or
the assignee of the lease. From an economic perspective, Mr. Khoury
refused to meet the minimum requirements that would make the project
viable even with a subsidized rental stream. If the Council preferred the
operator role be filled by an entity in which Mr. Chavez owned a vested
interest, he was confident the owners would agree.

Council Member Klein felt the community and the Council believed the PC
Ordinance was a good deal when it was originally adopted. Public comments
indicating the grocery store could not succeed were made by people with no
grocery expertise. Mr. Werness and Mr. Khoury, two experienced grocery
store operators, believed they could operate a successful grocery store at
the location. The developer indicated nobody was interested in running a
grocery store. The PC Ordinance did not state the Council had to approve an
operator at the rent the Applicant wanted to charge. With respect to
comments that the process had gone on long enough, the City did nothing to
prevent the Applicant from proceeding with the project. The proposed
tenant did not meet the standards of the PC Ordinance. He did not believe
the Applicant proposed an operator who was knowledgeable. The lessee had
no experience operating a grocery business. Mr. Chavez was not the lessee,
but an employee of the lessee. Mr. Smailey was not comparable to the
Garcias in managing a grocery store.          The Council should reject the
Applicant's proposal. If it could do so, the Council should grant the Applicant
a three-month extension to submit a different proposal.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Section 2(c) of the amended operating agreement
stated that the agreement between Mr. Smailey and Mr. Chavez would
expire concurrent with the commercial lease between College Terrace Centre
and the tenant, if not sooner terminated.

Council Member Klein stated the amended expiration date did not change his
opinion. Mr. Smailey could terminate Mr. Chavez's services prior to the
expiration of the agreement. He requested the City Attorney comment on
whether the Council could grant the Applicant an extension.


12/01/2014                                                             116- 154
