                             MINUTES
to review the most recent RMP and utilize the most current guidance from
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to decide which air dispersion
model was most appropriate based on which chemicals AECOM anticipated
being released. Results essentially confirmed information contained within
the 2008 Risk Management Plan, that the offsite consequences would not
extend beyond CPI property. He found the toxic endpoint distance to be less
than the distance reported in the 2008 RMP. Staff assigned a second
primary task to consider other extreme events, other plausible release
scenarios and take into account amounts located on the site, possible impact
to offsite uses, the likelihood an extreme release would occur, and
preventative and safety measures and equipment that could reduce the
likelihood of a release.     Based on these factors, he developed three
scenarios, two of which were reported in January 2014 and the third one in
September 2014. The first scenario reviewed a release of 45 gallons of nitric
acid that occurred due to a possible equipment malfunction or human error.
Under these conservative assumptions, the toxic endpoint extended 92 feet
from the loading area to the first row of houses in Barron Park. The second
scenario reviewed the cryogenic/liquid hydrogen storage area. In this case,
an accidental release could result from mechanical failure, a traffic accident,
or a seismic event. Trailers carried the liquid hydrogen, and the scenario
expected a failure associated with one of those trailers. The liquid hydrogen
would mix with the oxygen in the air, resulting in a very intense flame. In
this case, the toxic endpoint was equivalent to the distance within which
someone would be exposed to a first degree burn. That distance was 111
feet, within the CPI property. The third scenario arose after a meeting with
the Barron Park neighbors.          Neighbors expressed concern about a
substantial earthquake causing storage tanks to rupture and the chemicals
to mix. Therefore, the third scenario considered the nitric acid and the
potassium cyanide storage tanks rupturing and containment berms being
breached. The two chemicals would mix and result in an airborne release of
highly toxic hydrogen cyanide. Using meteorological assumptions and air
dispersion modeling, the toxic endpoint was 616 feet from the source, which
would extend into the Barron Park neighborhood. The affected area would
probably include 60 homes to the south/southeast of CPI.                    His
recommendations included correcting deficiencies reported by the Fire
Department. The Fire Department required a Hazardous Materials Business
Plan, but there was not an annual update and no oversight to receive that
report from CPI. A Chemical Management Plan was important. On its own,
CPI prepared a draft Chemical Management Plan in 2013; although, it
contained some limitations. He would feel more comfortable with CPI's
engineering and administrative controls if improvements to the Chemical
Management Program were conducted under Fire Department oversight.


                                                                         Page 21 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/06/14
