                            MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd noted comments should be restricted to the Motion. She
inquired whether the City Manager wanted Council Members to provide their
comments.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council could comment at the end of the discussion
or continue discussion to the following week. Mr. Buchanan proposed 25
percent of neighborhood parking spaces be filled by commuters. Once an
RPP Program was implemented, approximately 1,200 commuters would need
parking spaces. Existing parking garages did not have the capacity to park
1,200 commuters. A series of decisions would be made in order to tackle
the issues of parking supply.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Members wished to continue the
item or ask questions.

Council Member Scharff called Point of Order. Procedures directed a debate
of the Motion as to the appropriateness of postponement and the time set.
The Council should follow procedures and debate the Motion.

Ms. Gitelman planned to provide an assessment of parking garage
technologies at the August 18, 2014 meeting. In September 2014, she
planned a holistic discussion of parking supply.

Council Member Schmid referred to the City Manager's suggestion of a tiered
approach. The Council should consider a tiered approach and determine the
major elements.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Members limit their comments to the
Motion.

Council Member Holman would not support the Motion. Shuttle parking
along Embarcadero Road was a high cost per space project in an
environmentally sensitive area. People would continue to park at the
Baylands Athletic Center even if the Council removed it from the study. The
transfer of parking from neighborhood to neighborhood was a valid concern.
The Staff Report did not address protections for the Baylands. She offered a
Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein called Point of Order. A Substitute Motion could not
be offered for a Motion to continue.

Ms. Stump reported the Motion to continue should be resolved prior to
accepting another Motion.

                                                                      Page 11 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 08/11/14
