                              MINUTES

Council Member Klein wanted to strengthen language regarding
consideration of the center pole alternative.       Placing the supports for the
catenary system in the center would lessen the impact on trees. He
suggested Staff review the letter from the Atherton arborist. Trimming trees
should not mean butchering them. Language regarding El Palo Alto should
be strengthened. The letter did not reference the fact that El Palo Alto was
California Historical Site Number 2. The letter should include a section
regarding the possibility of a court ruling resulting in the termination of HSR.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to: 1) add centerfold alternative, support for the
Catenary system in the middle, 2) further attention to appropriate
procedures for trimming trees, 3) protection of El Palo Alto tree, and 4)
analyze affects if California Supreme Court rules to end High Speed Rail.

Council Member Burt did not           hear   Staff   respond   to   substantive
recommendations from the public.

Mr. Hackmann inquired whether Council Member Burt had a particular
comment in mind.

Council Member Burt assumed Staff would respond to those comments that
had merit. One comment concerned evaluation of fixed location horns or
wayside horns to reduce noise impact.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to evaluate fixed location/wayside horns to reduce
noise impacts.

Mr. Aknin reported the Final EIR would review that in more detail if it was
noted in the letter.

Council Member Burt noted the loss of trees would result in increased noise
from freight trains. Low-level berms were utilized to address wheel noise
and were a well-established practice. He suggested the letter state that the
City would approve the most environmentally beneficial relocation of trees.
He concurred with Council Member Price's point regarding safety for
pedestrians. The EIR within the system and in Palo Alto should analyze
platform lengths. He asked if Staff had objections to including those items.

Mr. Aknin had no concerns. Caltrain would respond that some issues, such
as platform lengths, were beyond the scope of the EIR.


04/21/2014                                                              114- 503
