                            MINUTES
He concurred with Council Member Scharff's comments regarding having
diversified business entities throughout the area. The intersection of Page
Mill Road and Oregon Expressway needed improvements; however, the
Council had not discussed that. A table discussing changes in FAR in the
different areas would be helpful. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Holman wanted to understand the City's commitments as
required by the grant. She wanted to ensure the City was not committing to
any outcome in terms of the level of intensification that the VTA envisioned
for the community.

Elena Lee advised that the grant process included developing a
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between the City and VTA. The City
would determine the parameters of the project and approve the scope of
work for the consultants. The City would retain a great amount of control
over the process. Staff conversed with VTA to obtain clarification regarding
the control the City would have.

Council Member Holman asked if the Council would approve the MOU.

Mr. Keene replied yes.

Council Member Holman noted the response to a written question regarding
parkland needs did not address creation of a park or significant open space.
The Council needed drawings to understand the appearance of proposed
development. She could not identify any buffer zones or even references to
buffer zones. She requested Staff provide existing Comprehensive Plan
designations and existing zoning for the areas. The Plan seemed to be a
redevelopment document and missed many opportunities.

Council Member Price felt positive and hopeful concerning the Plan. She
supported the City applying for the VTA grant.        The Plan was not a
prescriptive set of activities. The Council would have many chances to
respond to information provided by Staff. Council Member questions were
valid, but issues would arise and be revised as the Plan was refined and as
discussions continued. She aligned herself with comments of the green
planning network. She was unsure whether the Council could correct the
jobs/housing imbalance. She inquired whether a Master Plan would preclude
a site-specific plan for the Fry's site.

Ms. Gitelman reported the grant would be utilized to develop a site-specific
Master Plan for the Fry's site.



04/21/2014                                                          114- 495
