                     FINAL MINUTES
in mornings and afternoons and to discuss with PAUSD sharing some of the
costs.

Vice Mayor Kniss would consider amending the Motion to incorporate that
language if Council Member Klein would refine the language.

Council Member Klein indicated the City needed to reduce student traffic
through use of the shuttle and other means.

Vice Mayor Kniss preferred to retain Number 4 and incorporate Council
Member Klein's language as Number 6.

Council Member Klein explained that Number 4 and the proposed Number 6
would be duplicative. Number 4 was much more specific to reinstate a
previous policy.

Vice Mayor Kniss wanted to retain the reference to past PAUSD action so
new Board Members would know the policy existed.

Council Member Klein stated Number 5 should include not only alternative
technology but also other innovative approaches.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a Number 6: Staff will come back with cost
per rider metrics for the shuttles.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add a Number 7: Staff will come back with
plans to build a robust and user-friendly app.

Council Member Scharff wanted Staff to develop a plan for a convenient
easy-to-use shuttle or ride share that provided mobility for the entire City
and was more convenient than driving. He questioned whether such a
robust system would be cost prohibitive; however, he wanted to know what
a robust shuttle system would look like. There were many opportunities for
making a shuttle system convenient and easy to use. Because Staff was
reviewing the shuttle system, they should consider it in a robust way that
encouraged people not to drive.

AMENDMENT:          Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to direct Staff to return with a plan for a convenient and
easy-to-use shuttle or ride-share system that provides mobility around the
entire city and is more convenient than driving.

Council Member Scharff believed one goal of a shuttle program should be to
provide a convenient way for residents to move around the City without
                                                                       Page 18 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes10/27/14
