Vice Mayor Kniss suggested continuing the Technology Committee.      If
technology was a Priority but there was no Standing Committee, progress
would not proceed quickly.

Council Member Holman requested clarification of when the Council would
discuss Priorities and the Work Plan.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the City Manager spoke regarding the efficient use
of Staff time by having fewer Committees by utilizing the Committee as a
Whole format. She requested Council Members comment regarding the
Technology Committee, the CCRC, and Committee of the Whole.

Council Member Holman asked if she could address Getting Work Done
under Item Number 5b.

Mayor Shepherd replied yes.

Council Member Holman did not believe the CCRC and Technology
Committees were needed currently.       She expressed interest in the
Committee of the Whole concept and how that might differ from, supplement
or replace Study Sessions.

Council Member Scharff was unsure whether a Standing Committee would
create more work for Staff than a Council meeting. If less work was
performed in Committee meetings, the Council would not complete work or
would have more meetings. He was hesitant to eliminate either Committee.
The purpose of a Committee was to fully vet and understand the details of a
document and report to the Council. The purpose held true for both the
Technology and Rail Committees. He did not understand the concept of a
Committee of the Whole and was not sure it was viable.

Council Member Schmid felt the danger of a Committee was the Council lost
touch with issues or lost momentum on important issues. He suggested the
Council review the necessity of Committees once a year. The City had
reached the stage of not needing an ongoing Rail Committee. With respect
to the Technology Committee, the Council could meet on issues and provide
momentum to decisions. A Committee of the Whole process was tricky. He
was unsure whether nine people discussing a topic would be effective or
efficient.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to: 1) discontinue the Technology Committee, 2) no reappointment to

                                                                     Page 16 of 23
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 02/01/14
