                                MINUTES
Staff was beginning to analyze the Cost of Service Study for various
departments. The additional resources Staff added to the Proposed Budget
would continue analysis of the Cost of Service Study as well as other types
of work.

Council Member Price asked if that was reflected in the documents.

Mr. Rossmann answered yes.

Council Member Scharff was pleased by transportation funding; resources
for Mitchell Park and Rinconada Libraries staffing; and employment of a
Public Art Manager.          Staff made structural changes that would
institutionalize Council Priorities in a positive way. Staffing reconfiguration
was important and would make the City run smoother. It was important to
recognize that the Fire Services Deployment Study was the end of a long
process. He concurred with information technology investments. Capital
Project Funds in the Public Works Department Budget appeared to reduce
infrastructure funding; however, the Capital Budget did not appear to reduce
infrastructure funding.

Mr. Rossmann reported Staff continued the $2.2 million funding increase set
by the Council and increased funding in the Long Range Financial Forecast
(LRFF) by the annual CPI increase. As construction costs increased by the
CPI amount, funding would increase from the General Fund to the
Infrastructure Fund.

Council Member Scharff asked if the City was maintaining its strong capital
investment in infrastructure.

Mr. Rossmann indicated the Proposed Budget maintained the annual
commitment from the General Fund to the Infrastructure Fund.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Table of Organization
contained the number of positions being requested or the actual number of
employees.

Mr. Rossmann explained that the Table of Organization for actual years
reflected the budgeted positions for that fiscal year. In the Proposed
Budget, it reflected the positions which were proposed by the City Manager.

Council Member Schmid noted a gap remained between budgeted positions
and actual staff and understood the gap could be 5-7 percent of total.

Mr. Rossmann advised that a gap remained if all budgeted positions were
not filled.


05/06/2014                                                             114- 591
