                              MINUTES
nor the response mentioned whether the Council violated the Brown Act by
holding private conversations with Mr. Arrillaga with respect to the 27
University Avenue Project.

Wayne Douglass was outraged by the Council's actions.           Some Council
Members had expressed regret for their actions.

Stephanie Muñoz recalled that the community objected to the 27 University
Avenue Project as early as January 2014. The Council should hold more
Open Sessions when the Brown Act did not require Closed Sessions.

MOTION:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to:

1.   Refer the following policy matters to the Policy and Services
     Committee for further discussion and recommendations to the full
     Council:

     a.     Receive and review an inventory of lands donated to the City;

     b.     Consider potential revisions to Policy and Procedure 1-48
            (Procedure for Sale/Transfer of Surplus City-Owned Real
            Property), including to add additional guidance and clarity
            regarding unsolicited offers to lease or purchase City land and the
            timing of real property closed sessions;

     c.     Public prescreening with Council of projects requiring zone
            changes; and

     d.     Receive a report on software solutions supporting responses to
            requests for documents under the Public Records Act, to be
            provided to City.

Council Member Schmid advised that the items in the Motion were suggested
by more than one Council Member during the Council meeting.           The
response attempted to address the issues in the Grand Jury Report.

Council Member Price concurred with prior comments. The Policy and
Services Committee was looking forward to addressing the items. She
hoped actions would be implemented in 2014.

Council Member Burt indicated Council Member Schmid and he attempted to
capture the intent and suggestions of the Council at the September 8, 2014
meeting. The redline version contained their recommended changes to the
response.

                                                                          Page 9 of 21
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 09/15/14
