                             MINUTES
Comparing revenue and donations against expenses, the Museum would be
cash positive year over year. Phase 1 of renovations would rehabilitate the
Roth Building so that it could be occupied. The Board estimated receiving $1
million from the sale of TDRs, if the Council approved a sale. The Library
Impact Fee would generate $300,000. Pledges in-hand totaled $2.5 million,
and gifts in-hand totaled $400,000. Total available funding was $4.2 million,
leaving a gap of $4.3 million. Phase 2 of renovations would build exhibits
and programs and finish archives, with a budget of $9 million. Because the
Board was reviewing methods to phase in the opening, the actual amount to
open the Museum would be less than $9 million. Operating costs were
estimated at $1.9 million through 2017. The total campaign goal was $20
million. The Board requested the Council initiate a TDR sale at market
value, consider funding repairs to the back wall in the amount of $1 million,
and consider funding 50 percent of the gap as a challenge grant.

Vice Mayor Kniss remarked that the Council would discuss designating the
Roth Building as a "Sender Site", a one-time contribution of $1 million, and a
funding challenge.

Council Member Klein asked if the City had previously agreed that funding
from the Library Impact Fee would be designated for the History Museum.

Mr. Perez advised that Staff reviewed the request. Funding from the Library
Impact Fee would support the City's archives materials; therefore, funds
could be used for that purpose.

Council Member Klein asked if the Council or Staff approved that.

Mr. Perez believed it was before the Council for approval.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the amount was correct.

Mr. Perez needed to double check the amount.

Council Member Klein asked if that amount of funds was available.

Mr. Perez answered yes.

Council Member Klein recalled that the Council had several requests for
funding of repairs to the Roth Building just after he joined the Council in
2006. Mr. Borock estimated a total amount of $1.3 million was approved for
repairs. After three or four requests for funding, he seemed to recall that
Staff indicated to the Council that no additional funds would be needed to
repair the building.



12/15/2014                                                             116- 246
