Mr. Rodriguez indicated Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) had
an active call for projects, and Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) would
soon release a similar planning grant.

Council Member Price noted One Bay Area Grant (OBAG) options remained
available. The Council could not consider the proposal too soon because of
the number of stakeholders. The site's proximity to 27 University Avenue
would have important implications for infrastructure.

Council Member Burt stated the Council first needed to perform long range
planning in terms of what the Council and community wanted in the area.
The Council implemented a planning process for the 27 University Avenue
area and it was ongoing. That planning process and the Downtown CAP
Study should inform the pursuit of any future grant. These were not one-
time grant opportunities. The Council should reconsider the Motion.

Council Member Berman inquired about the ways grant funds could be
utilized.

Ms. Gitelman explained that grant funding could be utilized for planning and
feasibility studies to determine the best configuration to enhance transit and
TDM services at the site and to add parking.

Council Member Berman asked how development of Urban Lane would
coincide with plans for Downtown.

Mr. Keene remarked that the City had a real parking problem. Staff scurried
to provide many possible options for parking solutions. Staff acknowledged
that the options were incomplete. The Urban Lane site was complicated
given the jurisdictional aspects. He urged the Council to consider delaying
action on Staff's recommendation. The Council should not launch the project
simply because a grant was available.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER

Mr. Keene had concerns prior to the discussion, and those concerns became
more serious as the discussion progressed. The Council would lose more
than it gained by proceeding with the Staff recommendation.

Mayor Shepherd recalled prior Council comments supported a garage at
Urban Lane, which seemed to contradict the current discussion.   She
requested Staff explain the process for grants.


                                                                        Page 34 of 37
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 2/10/14
