                              MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Staff would comment on the value of affected
investments if the Motion passed.

Ms. Gitelman indicated past studies commented on the value of investments.
She did not expect that part of the prior analysis would change, unless there
had been changes to the facilities.

Vice Mayor Kniss appreciated Council Member Burt's scientific analysis.
Council Member Price effectively summarized effects on the neighborhood.
While she was sympathetic to CPI, the neighborhood needed protection that
the Council could provide.

Council Member Schmid noted the extreme scenario of seismic activity did
not state clearly the activity. Intensive seismic activity would likely result in
gas lines exploding as well. He questioned whether exploding gas lines
would compare to an accidental release. The Motion called for a response to
plating plants explicitly and for an amortization over a reasonable period of
time.    CPI's consolidation of facilities into Palo Alto adjacent to a
neighborhood should be considered as well.

Mayor Shepherd believed the deciding factor was the location of hazardous
materials close to a neighborhood. It was important to shift the facility to
another neighborhood.

Council Member Berman inquired about operational changes made prior and
subsequent to consolidating the San Carlos facility.

Mr. Fickett reported the size of the plate shop did not change. Some of the
tanks and piping were seismically upgraded and the size increased. The
amount of chemicals increased when the two plants were first consolidated
in 2004. In 2008, the amount of chemicals decreased to current levels.

Council Member Berman asked if the location of operations changed.

Mr. Fickett replied no.   CPI added quite a few structural berms to ensure
chemicals did not mix.

Council Member Berman recalled Mr. Fickett's comment that the three
incidences occurred because of the consolidation of operations.

Mr. Fickett advised that the nitric acid odor incident resulted from the
transition. Because of construction work, the back doors were open. That
was not a normal operating condition.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the Fire Department was familiar
with the incident of a plume of smoke over CPI.
                                                                          Page 29 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/06/14
