Council Member Klein was amazed by the suggestion that a car share
organization would provide some level of profit sharing with the City as part
of an agreement. He asked if those organizations were sharing profits with
any other jurisdictions.

Ms. Sullivan indicated profit sharing was a possibility with some of the big
providers. Some organizations had expressed interest in operating in the
region for quite some time. Staff wanted to explore the possibility.

Council Member Klein asked if employees working at the Civic Center could
receive Go Passes regardless of their turning in parking permits.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, explained that Staff did not
recommend that, because Staff attempted to respond to the Council's
direction to free up Civic Center parking spaces. Staff could not release
more parking permits for the Civic Center until permits were returned.

Mr. Keene stated that as Staff attempted to add incentives, there was the
potential for more intensive labor engagement and/or the need to deal with
other questions such as changing the pricing structure for parking to incent
more people to use passes.

Council Member Klein wondered if Google had sophisticated analytics that
could determine the number of permit parking spaces that could be made
available.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff to take actions to implement a coordinated
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program aimed at reducing
traffic congestion and parking demand in Palo Alto, and to solicit proposals
to establish a non-profit Transportation Management Authority (TMA).

Council Member Klein believed a TMA was a good concept, but it would need
refinements which Staff could present to the Council.

Council Member Scharff agreed that Staff should work backwards from
January 2015 to implement as many options as possible. He assumed
shuttle routes could be changed, and suggested Staff coordinate routes with
the Marguerite system.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Motion concerned TDM and TMA rather than
shuttles.

Council Member Scharff noted Council Member Klein discussed all the
measures.


02/24/2014                                                            114- 332
