                             MINUTES
Jodie Gerhardt, Senior Planner said Staff processed an ARB application and a
tentative map that was developed with three office complexes.               The
proposed project replaced these complexes with 68 single-family homes and
112 multi-family homes, including a community center, fitness center,
swimming pool, and approximately 2.7 acres of usable open space. The
tentative map subdivided existing parcels into 68 single-family lots, two
condo lots, and 13 parcels for private street and common areas that equaled
83 parcels. The ARB application included 11 different single-family houses
with 29 different styles. All detached homes had two-car garages and the
multi-family buildings provided two parking spaces for each unit. The
proposed map sub-divided the parcels by 83, including private
interconnected streets that accessed California Avenue at three other
locations. The land use and density for this project were approved in 2005.
Vested rights were provided to relocate non-residential units away from
College Terrace and to build 250 housing units on two sites. The first site
was the proposed property and the second site was approved for 70 Below
Market Rate (BMR) houses at 2550 and 2500 El Camino Real.                   The
construction of these homes helped the City to meet the Regional Housing
Needs Allocation (RHNA) part of the Housing Element. The Development
Agreement provided a streamline process for housing and limited the City’s
purview for architectural review for the following three project elements: 1)
determination of the project compliance with the Alternative Standard
Overlay, District Two (AS-2) development standard, and ARB findings; 2)
review and approval of the lighting, noise, landscaping, and selection of
exterior materials and finishes of the buildings and other structures; and 3)
to limit the review to the California Avenue edge of the property to
determine whether the project approximated horizontal rhythm to the
buildings side-yard setback, including the relationship of the first and second
stories, and to ensure the property reflected the design of the
neighborhoods on the north side of the streets. The ARB approved this
project on March 20, 2014. The applicant and the neighborhood asked for
additional time to review the conditions of approval; the revised proposal
was approved on April 18, 2014.            The Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) recommended approval of the map on May 28, 2014.
Many of the concerns raised were connected to the map so Staff decided to
hear the proposal and the approval of the map together. Answers to issues
raised by Staff were listed during appeal. The Director’s decision and the
approval of the tentative map was Staff’s recommendation.

Public Hearing opened at 9:31 P.M.

Ms. Gitelman mentioned that the Fire Marshal was present for any questions
on this Item.

06/23/2014                                                        115- 211
