                              MINUTES

Council Member Berman asked how the County planned on working the
driverless cars into the Expressway 2040 plan.

Mr. Collen stated at the present time there were no accommodations or
factors involving the driverless cars. They were aware by 2030 the concept
may become a reality and therefore provided a presentation during the first
2040 PAB meeting. The County was aware of the technology growth but at
the moment there was not an implication for the local road operators.

Mr. Rodriguez commented the City was not waiting for the change but
driving for it. In August of 2014 there will be an award to the traffic center in
Palo Alto for pushing their traffic data signal into the web. Smart vehicle
manufacturers can take the data and place it in the hands of the drivers.

Council Member Berman was hesitant to support the long term and
expensive task of widening the streets without more detailed knowledge on
driverless technology and the knowledge of how the impacts of a higher
volume of vehicles traveling through intersections would affect the issues.

Mr. Collen acknowledged the concern and stated Staff’s issues were not
knowing whether the driverless vehicles would reduce the necessary
capacity on the roads or induce more travel.

Council Member Klein asked when the expected completion date was for
Oregon Expressway.

Mr. Collen stated the current construction schedule indicated the first week
of September.

Council Member Klein asked where the additional necessary funding was
slated to come from to complete the Expressway projects.

Ms. Cameron noted the initial step was to identify the needs and projects
then look for funding. The options were mitigations from cities, state grant
programs, and the one-time funding sources.

Council Member Klein asked the amount if funds from the proposed sales tax
would go toward the Expressway projects.

Ms. Cameron said Mr. Guardino indicated he desired to see something for
every project; although, he did not specify an amount.



06/16/2014                                                               115- 151
