Molly Stump, City Attorney, clarified that the item was removed from the
Agenda; therefore, Council Members would not have an opportunity to speak
to the item at the current time.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if the Council would vote on Item Numbers 3-5 and
7 and if Item Number 6 was deferred to a date uncertain.

Mr. Keene responded yes. Possibly Staff could return with Item Number 6 in
the first half of March 2014.

Council Member Burt suggested the Council consider deferring Item Number
6 until later in the evening if there was sufficient time for discussion.

Mr. Keene indicated the issue was whether appropriate Staff was present
and prepared for discussion.

Mayor Shepherd preferred to continue Item Number 6 to a later time as it
was not time sensitive.

Council Member Burt regretfully withdrew his third to the Motion

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A THIRD COUNCIL MEMBER

Vice Mayor Kniss announced Item Number 6 was returned to the Consent
Calendar for Council consideration at the current time.

Ms. Stump agreed that Item Number 6 was on the current Consent Calendar
Agenda as only two Council Members moved to remove it. If any Council
Member chose to vote no on an item, he would have three minutes to
explain his no vote at the close of voting.

Mr. Keene acknowledged that in preparation for the Consent Calendar, Staff
received a few complex questions from Council Members regarding Item
Number 6. Therefore, any discussion of Item Number 6 could be more
involved than anticipated.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-7.

3.   Resolution 9393, entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Increasing the Palo Alto Clean Local Accessible Now (CLEAN)
     Program Cap to 3 Megawatts of Generating Capacity.”

                                                                           Page 6 of 30
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 02/03/14
