                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt could foresee the Council wanting more scenarios,
fewer scenarios, and combinations of scenarios, as well as directing Staff to
return with substantially different information. All those options would be
open for discussion. He inquired how Staff or the consultant determined
that the third scoping meeting would define the breadth of community input.

Ms. Gitelman requested Council direction that Staff should obtain additional
public input or that the range of input represented by the alternatives was
sufficient to proceed with analysis of impacts and benefits. If input was
sufficient, then there was an opportunity for refinement after the Draft EIR
was available and Staff had considerably more information. If the input was
not sufficient, then the Council should examine whether additional concepts
for the range of alternatives were needed.

Council Member Burt cautioned that scenarios could be alarming to the
community. He questioned whether Staff considered ways to control destiny
rather than reacting to market forces.       He asked if Staff considered
segregating and enacting in the interim some mechanisms that the Council
envisioned for the Comprehensive Plan Update. Perhaps that would inform
the feasibility of adopting some mechanisms that had not been used
previously. He asked if Staff considered a dual-track process.

Ms. Gitelman noted Staff was attempting a dual track process for Planned
Community (PC) reform and Residential Permit Parking Programs. Staff was
open to Council suggestions of other programs that might merit the same
fast track attention. More programs on a fast track would lengthen the time
for Staff to return to the Council with other items. Staff understood there
was a sense of urgency to update the Comprehensive Plan and proposed a
strategy to draft a Comprehensive Plan Update as quickly as possible.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff moved to identify many of the items for fast track.

Council Member Burt remarked that components of the scenarios were
intriguing and perhaps warranted discussion in a timely manner.

Council Member Holman was unsure whether baseline policies were
contained in the existing Comprehensive Plan or the draft Comprehensive
Plan. She inquired about the policies on which the scenarios were based.

Ms. Gitelman explained that both project and programmatic EIRs had to
include an existing condition baseline. Staff proposed a baseline of the Do
Nothing alternative, which would be the existing Comprehensive Plan
without changes.

Council Member Holman asked if Scenario Numbers 2, 3 and 4 would build
on the existing Comprehensive Plan.
                                                                        Page 14 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/04/14
