                               MINUTES
Mr. Perez recalled the Council placed a cap on the amount of funds, in the
range of $150,000.

Council Member Klein inquired about the need for repairs to the back wall of
the Roth Building. He had not heard of repairs being needed until Council
Member Holman or Burt mentioned it. He questioned whether Staff knew if
additional repairs were needed and, if so, why they did not inform the
Council.

Mr. Perez could not answer Council Member Klein's questions as he was not
a part of the discussions at that time. He became aware that additional
repairs were needed when Staff prepared for the March 2014 Study Session.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Staff believed the City was obligated
to repair the wall and, if so, whether the amount was correct.

Mr. Perez believed the prior Council made a decision not to fund repairs
further and to place responsibility for repairs on the Palo Alto History
Museum.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff believed the $1 million repair estimate
was reasonably accurate.

Mr. Perez did not know, and had not initiated an estimate of needed repairs
without Council guidance.

Stephanie Munoz believed the Palo Alto Historical Museum was worthy of
support. The proposal to sell TDRs seemed to be outrageous, because the
City had already given away those development rights to Palo Alto Medical
Foundation.

Herb Borock believed the regulations of the FPPC required Council Members
to state with specificity the nature of their conflicts of interest, i.e., name the
party that created the conflict of interest. The $1 million item in his memo
to the Council was part of the development agreement with the developer.
The City was responsible for buying the parcel and then demolishing the
wings. The City budgeted $415,000 to address drainage and leaks into the
basement, after which the History Museum would be responsible for repairs.
Another request of $300,000 for repairs was presented to the Council in
2007; however, Staff did not recommend the Council approve it. The
Council chose to fund $150,000 with the intention not to expend further
funds. He suggested the Council direct Staff to present a Park Dedication
Ordinance for the parcel in order to be eligible for grants from the County of
Santa Clara (County).


12/15/2014                                                                 116- 247
