                             MINUTES

Council Member Holman asked if the City had any recourse                       for
reimbursement of lost revenue if it chose to pursue legal alternatives.

Ms. Stump believed JPA staff was attempting to schedule the meeting as a
closed session so that legal advice could be discussed. Staff would return to
the Council with respect to the Golf Course Project and assess legal
alternatives. The Water Board had a statutory obligation to discharge, and
the Water Board would state it was following that process. The law favored
those processes. There were tremendous barriers to seeking recovery for
costs.

Council Member Holman asked if the Water Board was subject to statutory
time requirements for hearings and decisions.

Ms. Stump indicated the Water Board was subject to statutory time
requirements. The Permit Streamlining Act and the Clean Water Act were
the two key statutes. The Water Board had to comply with both Acts even
though they were contradictory. The Water Board set aside the timeframe
by denying without prejudice the JPA's application.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.   Approval of Contract No. C15152971 in the Amount of $658,527.32
      with Contract Sweeping Services for the First Year of a Five-Year Term
      for Street Sweeping Services. Approval of Reduction in the Frequency
      of Street Sweeping in Residential/Light Commercial Areas from Weekly
      to Every Other Week Only During the Non-Leaf Season. Approval of
      Budget Amendment Ordinance 5272 entitled “Budget Amendment
      Ordinance of the Council for the City of Palo Alto with Impacts to
      Various Funds to Reflect Savings Due to Implementing the Efficiency
      and Cost Savings Plan. Approval of Amendments to the Table of
      Organization Reflective of the Proposed Elimination of Seven Positions
      Budgeted in FY 2015. Approval of Decrease in the Refuse Rate Street
      Sweeping Fixed Fee from $6.66 per Single Family Residence to $5.26.”

Council Member Berman, Chair of the Finance Committee, reported on the
2012 survey that determined the City was the only city in the area that
swept streets weekly. Staff developed and conducted a pilot program for
sweeping streets every other week. Based on results of the pilot program,
the Finance Committee authorized Staff to issue a Request for Proposal
(RFP) for street sweeping services. The Finance Committee unanimously
approved Staff's recommendation.

                                                                       Page 28 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
