                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff clarified that $69,000 was utilized to fund six
projects. He inquired about Staff's reasons for requesting additional
funding.

Ms. Hernandez explained that Staff would assess and evaluate the program
in June 2014. Through that process, Staff hoped to determine additional
uses of funding. Staff proposed a roundtable discussion in June 2014 to
develop MAP for the following year. If the full amount of funding was not
utilized, then Staff would apply remaining funds to another program.

Council Member Scharff asked why Staff did not request $75,000 for MAP
and $75,000 for another high-impact program.

Ms. Hernandez indicated funding amounts were within the Council's
discretion. If the Council chose to decrease MAP funding to $75,000, then
Staff would have to revise the CDBG application, which was due May 15,
2014.

Council Member Scharff asked why Staff did not present CDBG funding
earlier so that Council revisions would not negatively impact programs.

Ms. Hernandez advised that Staff held two public hearings, and the Finance
Committee approved the recommendation.

Council Member Scharff reviewed Minutes of the Finance Committee's
discussion regarding the lack of an informational report. The Council had
the informational report; however, any revisions would delay the application.
That was not good planning.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, did not
wish to miss the deadline, because it would jeopardize funding.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff could submit an application for other
programs while revising MAP funding.

Ms. Hernandez reported the only option was to place funding in the
Workforce Development program; however, Staff allocated funding for
Workforce Development at the maximum amount requested. The City also
had to meet HUD's spending timeliness test. Staff could return with a
Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) after exploring options for use of
funding.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff could submit the application
without MAP.



05/05/2014                                                           114- 577
