                            MINUTES
Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, advised
that it was possible for the proposed Ordinance to have language that was
responsive to input from stakeholders and the P&TC.

Council Member Holman referred to Section 10.50.010 regarding parking
programs that appropriately addressed each neighborhood's unique
characteristics; the Comprehensive Plan mentioned parking not at the
expense of neighborhoods.         She inquired about the meaning of
"appropriately address" and said parking programs could appropriately
address the preservation of each neighborhood's unique characteristics. This
idea was more consistent with the intention of the Comprehensive Plan.
Section 10.50.020(c) defined employee permit information; she asked if
employees of the same employer could share a permit.

Ms. Sullivan did not intend to address the transfer of permits in the
Ordinance but it was addressed in the Resolution. Staff intended for a
permit issued to an employee to be transferrable among employees of the
same employer.

Council Member Holman referenced Section 10.50.040 whereby the Council
could initiate an RPP District by Motion or Resolution. She asked how the
Council would initiate an RPP District by Resolution.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the Council would most likely propose a Motion.

Council Member Holman referred to Section 10.50.050(c), and asked if the
Ordinance provided a means to determine severity of parking impacts.

Ms. Gitelman envisioned neighborhoods providing information about existing
circumstances. City Staff could not design and implement RPP Districts in
every neighborhood at once, so this was a way to prioritize applications.

Council Member Holman asked if the P&TC would weigh all evidence.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Council Member Holman referred to Section 10.50.050(d), and inquired
about an appeal process for applications not selected for Council
consideration.

Ms. Gitelman reported everyone would know which neighborhoods
advocated for a District and would be party to discussions and decisions
regarding prioritization. With the addition of Section 10.50.040, the City
Council could assert a preference for a District that was not recommended.
She hoped the P&TC or Council would acknowledge Staff's limited resources
and inability to do everything at once.




12/02/2014                                                           116- 169
