                             MINUTES
whether any style was not to some degree derivative. He did not want the
ARB to prescribe its own style values. On Waverley Avenue, a number of
buildings did not seem in character with the area. The Audubon Society had
discussed the need to consider bird-friendly materials and designs. He
would be interested in the ARB's input on that topic.

Chair Lippert inquired whether Council Member Burt wanted the ARB to
respond to the projects he mentioned.

Council Member Burt requested a higher-level of comment.

Board Member Lew shared Council Member Burt's concerns. The Hilton
Garden Inn was first proposed as four stories. The City changed zoning to
allow larger hotels. The ARB requested the applicant decrease the building
height to meet the height of Arbor Real. The ARB did not always do that.
Even with that change in design, the building appeared very large.
Generally the project at 195 Page Mill Road was not compatible. Generally,
a project had to be pretty bad to receive three no votes from the ARB.

Board Member Malone-Prichard advised that the 195 Page Mill Road project
was difficult and received many reviews. The project improved significantly
between the initial design and the approved design.

Chair Lippert reported building materials influenced building styles. If the
ARB stated style had to be rooted in a certain period or a certain style, then
the state of architecture would be dumbed down. Palo Alto did not have an
iconic piece of architecture that defined the community. The review process
did not encourage architects to advance in building technology in the same
manner as electronics led the nation.

Council Member Berman did not realize the extent of development in the
community or the age of some buildings until he read the report. Buildings
should look forward as they would be in use for 40, 50, even 60 years. He
appreciated the difficulty of Board Members' roles.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Burt's comments.
If a project required many reviews, it would not be a good project. Good,
integrated design did not result from trying to make design elements fit. It
seemed as though the maximum standards were the minimum standards.
There was a great reliance on Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE).
Exceptions were not good process. If Code changes were needed, then the
ARB or P&TC should make recommendations to the Council. Palo Alto did
have several architecturally significant buildings. One basis for judging the
design of a new project was whether it was worthy of being in a book. For a
                                                                         Page 5 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
