Council Member Schmid agreed with many of Council Member Scharff's
comments. The Council was assessing DIF by utilizing the current CIP.
Using the CIP allowed the Council to determine the real expenditure for the
range of infrastructure needs at a point in time. The Council should not
chase itself by going back to the Finance Committee and removing some
items. The goal was to get a picture at one point time and use that as a
framework.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff had sufficient information and
guidance to make some progress on this item, to make changes.

Mr. Keene reported if the work at the Finance Committee was anything like
the current discussion, Staff would not return for a long time.          The
Amendment to the Substitute Motion was important. Staff did not provide a
meaningful response about the amount of work needed for this item. Staff
work needed to be contained if the Council wanted action at the current time
or in three months. The Council would have to settle for something less
than all the topics mentioned during the Council discussion. To do the work
correctly, Staff would need additional involvement from the Planning
Department, which was involved in many other Council projects.

Council Member Berman indicated Council Member Schmid's comments were
profound in that the Council could be chasing itself in trying to find the
perfect list of projects. He inquired whether the Finance Committee would
remove projects that were on the infrastructure list and maybe add projects
that had not been identified.

Mr. Lalo Perez stated that was his understanding. Staff would focus on the
three areas in their recommendation, rather than everything else.

Council Member Berman asked if the PSB would be removed from the list if
the Council decided to fully fund it regardless of the item returning to the
Finance Committee.

Mr. Lalo Perez answered yes.

Council Member Berman asked when the analysis would be completed if the
item was not returned to the Finance Committee.

Mr. Nathan Perez reported the goal would be to provide estimated fees for
the categories discussed to Staff within a month, and then to review those
fees with the Finance Committee or the Council. He wished to provide fee
levels as soon as possible.

Council Member Berman inquired whether projects contingent upon a
community vote would remain on the list.
                                                                      Page 21 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 03/03/14
