                            MINUTES
Annette Glanckoph said the law of the Municipal Code clearly defined
building envelope and said it had not been followed for decades; there
should be one set of laws. She did not understand how the FAR in the
garage was converted to upper storage, since it was below grade.

Herb Borock remarked that the Staff Report interpreted building envelope by
terms in Municipal Code and their interpretation was substituted with words
that were in the Zoning Code. Building envelope referred to modifying the
physical structure. He suggested reading the language of the Municipal
Code.

Stephanie Munoz said propositions in the past asked for more space or size,
which was paid for by the people with public benefit. It was unreasonable to
add space to a building that was already oversized, to be more under
parked. All proposed parking spaces needed to go in the unbuilt corner at
the top of the building.

Eric Filseth remarked that Palo Alto had the worst jobs/housing balance and
the worst in-bound traffic commute, caused by an increase in downtown
office jobs. If Council believed that there was a need for greater office
density downtown, then they needed to support Staff’s interpretation.

Reta Verele noted there was a lot of anger regarding overdevelopment.
University Avenue was used by people outside Palo Alto and California
Avenue was used by residents; she did not see the need in upsetting
residents because the town was being overdeveloped.

Ruth Lowy said the Council needed to remember the word “residents”
because their decisions were chipping away at the quality of life.

John Hanna, spoke for the Applicant and remarked that improvements for
the elevator and the stairs were a necessity. Basements were included in
the Ordinance, and parking was excluded. Nine parking spaces being added
equaled a reduction of 4,300 square feet of space.          The California
Environmental Quality Act had exemptions for historic buildings. Palo Alto
Neighborhoods (PAN) asked that the words “building envelope” be changed
to “building structure” in the Ordinance.

Public Hearing closed at 7:58 P.M.




06/23/2014                                                      115- 200
