Mr. Keene was concerned that a possible direction to Staff was taking on a
great deal of form that could create problems.

Council Member Burt suggested those issues be part of the discussion when
Staff returned to the Council.

Council Member Holman concurred.

Council Member Price would not support the Amendment. The discussion
was premature. The discussion was not appropriate as it moved beyond the
topic noticed to the public. The community should have an opportunity to
provide comments.

Ms. Gitelman commented that zoning beyond the PC Zone was confusing.
Staff could review issues of the current Zoning Ordinance; where it applied
densities; and where those densities could be adjusted. Those topics would
be associated with updating the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Schmid indicated that the goal of identifying potential up-
zoning was clear; however, he was concerned about additional up-zoning
needed in preparation of the Housing Element.

Council Member Scharff stated the Council wished to reform a process. The
Amendment did not reform a process. The reasons for a time-out were
unclear, because the Council could deny a request for up-zoning.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Holman, Schmid yes

Council Member Scharff felt reforming the PC process was important.
Instituting a time-out would prevent additional applications for PC Zoning.
The Council needed to rebuild faith with the community so that everyone felt
the process was fair.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Klein, Price no

Mayor Shepherd requested clarification of Council procedures regarding the
latest time for the Council to take up a new item.

Ms. Stump reported the Council could decide to take up a new item.

10.   Public Hearing: Approval of the Record of Land Use Action for a Site
      and Design Review Application and Adoption of a Park Improvement
      Ordinance for the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course Reconfiguration
      Project, Adoption of a Resolution 9395 entitled “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Certifying the Final Environmental
      Impact Report and Adopting a Statement of Overriding Considerations
                                                                      Page 21 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 02/03/14
