                         FINAL MINUTES
SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Holman, Schmid yes

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the intent was to proceed quickly and fairly. The end
goal was to make the facility a reality. She supported the Motion.

Council Member Price recalled Staff was disappointed not to receive
innovative proposals. At some point within the indicated timeframe, Staff
would need to determine a final design. She inquired whether Staff could
maintain flexibility in design or technology without delaying the process.

Mr. Bobel advised that Staff would build in flexibility at certain points. At
various design points, the City could alter the design. However, once a
design was approved, no more changes would be possible.

Council Member Price asked how Staff would address capacity issues.

Mr. Bobel stated an analysis of the biosolids stream over 30 years and 50
years projected an increase in the biosolids stream.

James Allen, Assistant Director, Public Works, clarified that Staff utilized
Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) figures for Palo Alto, then
adjusted numbers downward based on the City's Planning Department
estimates. Staff utilized the sphere of influence for each partner and told
each partner Staff would revisit the latest ABAG numbers during the design
stage.

Mr. Bobel added that projecting changes over time for food and yard
streams was more difficult. Staff would discuss with PAGE and opponents
which numbers to use for food and yard streams.

Council Member Burt asked if Mr. Bobel's understanding of the price of green
power included factors of 24-hour availability and avoided cost.

Mr. Bobel was simply attempting to understand the Motion. The market
price was the price the local utility would pay for power generated by the
facility.

Council Member Burt did not believe the Council had fully discussed the fair
market price for green power. The fair market price included avoided cost,
availability, and emergency resiliency power. He inquired whether Mr. Bobel
understood those factors were a part of the real value of green power.

Mr. Bobel replied yes.

                                                                          Page 14 of 26
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 5/12/13
