                               MINUTES
The Proposed Budget included proposals aligned with Council Priorities as
well as directed initiatives from the Council. As part of his review of City
operations and in developing the Proposed Budget, he recommended
additional funding to support certain departmental operation improvements.
While the strategies had served the City well during the 2008-2009
economic downturn, it was imperative for the City to remain a competitive
employer while reducing the impact of fast-growing benefit costs.
Therefore, the Council approved modest salary increases while capping the
City's health plan contributions through approval of the 2014 agreement
with the Service Employees International Union (SEIU). He recommended
investments in additional arts and science classes and camps for residents;
Development Services Blueprint operational effectiveness enhancements;
training and succession planning for key departments; and increased
administrative and operational oversight.        The Proposed Budget fully
established the Development Services Department as an independent
department by transferring positions, salaries and benefit costs, and non-
salary expenditures from the Planning and Community Environment, Public
Works, and Fire Departments to the Development Services Department.
Within the Proposed Budget, major investments in service delivery
enhancements related to City Council Priorities and initiatives.   To begin
addressing demands, the Proposed Budget set aside $1 million in reserves
for enhanced shuttle service; $150,000 to establish a Transportation
Management Authority (TMA); and $232,000 for transportation planning and
Safe Routes to Schools. Staff included $325,000 in funding to support the
Our Palo Alto Initiative.      To ensure adequate staffing, Staff proposed
unfreezing two positions effective July 1, 2014 for the Library Department;
adding funding for three new positions effective January 2015 in the Library
Department; and reallocating funding for hourly staffing in the Community
Services Department (CSD). In order to provide sufficient funds for transfer
of the Airport, the Proposed Budget allocated $560,000 from the General
Fund as a startup loan to the new Airport Fund. The FY 2015 Proposed
Budget included $331,000 for election funding. Based on the revenue
stream in the Development Services Department, the consolidation included
an allocation of $708,000 for contractual plan check review and inspection
services, information technology contract support, and training. In support
of the City Council-approved expanded Public Art Program, the Proposed
Budget converted staffing to a full-time Public Art Manager and added
slightly more than $100,000 for that.           In the Community Services
Department, Staff included $146,000 for enhanced arts, science, and sports
classes to support classes at local elementary schools, summer camps at
Foothills Park, and middle school athletic programs.




05/06/2014                                                          114- 587
