Council Member Scharff agreed Council Priorities should remain in place for
two years. He wanted to expand the California Avenue and Downtown
Priority and discuss Mobility and Transportation.

Council Member Holman reported the Council should discuss Priorities. The
existing Council Priorities were not clearly stated in the packet.

Council Member Schmid found the results of the National Citizen Survey
strikingly different from the past, so striking that the Council should have a
new discussion of Priorities.

Mayor Shepherd agreed with comments regarding the definition of a Priority.
Typically the Policy and Services Committee would have reviewed proposed
Priorities prior to the Retreat and taken public input. She was inclined to
take comments at the current time in order to learn whether the Council
wished to refer the item to the Policy and Services Committee.

Aram James felt the Police Department's practices were improving. He
requested the Council discuss the cost of tasers and possibly limiting their
use. The Council should hold at least one forum regarding homelessness in
order to continue the progress made in 2013.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, felt sustainability and
green efforts often ignored the complexity of nature in the urban landscape.
The Council should incorporate livability of wildlife and nature into Priorities.

Jeff Hoel understood Priorities would carry over from 2013 to 2014. He
favored the Council adopting Technology and the Connected City
(Technology) as a Priority again in 2014.      The City should focus on
municipalities implementing Fiber to the Premises without a private
partnership.

Stephanie Munoz indicated the Priorities for 2013 should be retained in
2014. The Council should decide Priorities based on circumstances. She
thanked Council Members for their service and good intentions.

Mr. Keene believed continuing the topic to another day would not be in the
best interest of the Council and the community. When the Council set
Priorities in 2013, they discussed identifying Priorities that needed particular,
concentrated attention.       He did not recommend the Council retain
Technology as a Priority. Staff would continue working on fiber and wireless
without it being a Priority. Reframing the California Avenue and Downtown
issue would be more relevant to the Council retaining the existing Priorities.
                                                                           Page 9 of 23
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 02/01/14
