                       FINAL MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
defer adoption of the Ordinance until the issues it addresses can be reviewed
in a broader context during the Comprehensive Plan Update, as
recommended by the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC), and
direct Staff to return as soon as possible with fixes to the “build-to-line” and
the FAR issue for CN Zone sites where dwelling units are permitted to 20
units per acre.

Council Member Klein did not believe the Council had analyzed the problem
correctly. The Council attempted to establish uniform rules in a divergent
neighborhood. The Grand Boulevard Initiative needed to be reexamined in
that it did not apply to the City's portion of El Camino Real. Nobody walked
on El Camino Real, but they did visit various forms of businesses. El Camino
Real most likely would become the home of even more small businesses.
One problem in trying to create a Grand Boulevard was the speed of traffic.
The Council needed to analyze properties on an individual basis and
determine a reasonable use of El Camino Real.

Vice Mayor Kniss wished to consider the eventual changes that would occur
if the Council adopted the proposed Ordinance. The sizes and shapes of lots
along El Camino Real varied greatly. Unless the Council had a realistic view
of the lots, it would think of them as typical rectangular lots. The Council
needed a good deal more study of the issue.

Mayor Shepherd did not like walking on El Camino Real. This was an
opportunity to create space between shops and the street. Placing this into
the Comprehensive Plan discussion to obtain community feedback was a
good suggestion. She did not want land owners to feel as though the City
was taking their property.

Council Member Holman stated the Guidelines contained some very strong,
good criteria for building design. They were developed over a number of
years with professional consultants and with a great deal of public outreach.
The issue was building design.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to direct Staff to return to Council with recommendations for
incorporating building design, and articulation elements of South El Camino
Design Guidelines, as design standards found in Section 1.A of the Guiding
Principles, and 4.3 of Façade Design, and direct Staff to return to Council
subsequent to the main Motion action.

Council Member Holman believed building design and articulation elements
were not issues of property rights. They had been studied in the context of
                                                                            Page 18 of 26
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
