                             MINUTES
A new environmental analysis should         be   performed based on      new
information and changed circumstances.

Fred Balin spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. Council action on
December 1, 2014 would result in a proposal that was conceptually no
different from the earlier proposal. He outlined actions the Council should
require of the Applicant.      A grocery store operator team must be
independent of the ownership, the Applicant, and their agents, and the
grocer must have controlling interest in the grocery store.

Doria Summa spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. The Applicant had
not proposed a viable grocery store operator. Staff needed more time to vet
the Applicant's proposal.

Margaret Heath spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. The Council
should delete "team" from its requirement and insist that the grocery store
be independently owned and operated.

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. Extension of the
lease violated the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), Municipal
Code Sections 18.38.130 and 18.38.140, and Ordinance Numbers 5069 and
5061. The latest proposed tenant was not a good choice to operate a
grocery store.

Council Member Holman requested the City Attorney respond to Mr. Borock's
comments.

Ms. Stump reported Staff reviewed procedural issues and had no concerns
regarding the proposed procedures. The Council was asked to approve a
limited time extension which was appropriate under the Zoning Code and the
Extension Ordinance. In the prior meeting, the Council did not amend the
PC Ordinance, but provided general guidance to the Applicant. Should these
issues be needed, they were appropriate.

Council Member Schmid registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 12.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-12, to include Agenda Item Number 12
- Request to Bring Proposed Changes in Development Impact Fees Directly
Back to Council on December 15, 2014, to be brought back on the Consent
Calendar.

2.    Resolution 9474 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Declaring Results of the Consolidated Special Municipal Election
      Held on November 4, 2014.”

12/08/2014                                                            116- 204
