Peter Dehlinger supported the original Staff recommendation to uncouple
anaerobic digestion and yard composting. Anaerobic digestion reduced GHG
emissions and generated energy from biosolids.        Aerobic composting
released methane gas and odors.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff did not present the net present values and cost
comparisons to save time. Staff spent a great deal of time reviewing the net
present value for the OFP. Comments that Staff omitted certain costs were
true. Recalculating the net present value would result in approximately the
same number.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council should comment on a
particular topic.

Mr. Keene answered no. The next discussion of the item would not occur at
the May 5, 2014 meeting. The Council could have a productive meeting if it
provided comments and questions.

Council Member Burt suggested Council Members limit their comments to
questions rather than opinions.

Mayor Shepherd concurred.

Council Member Burt asked if a second RFP would seek proposals for all four
components as a single process or were the four components decoupled.

Mr. Bobel intended to decouple them in the RFP and possibly issue separate
RFPs. The components should be heavily compartmentalized. For example,
Component 4 could easily be separated. Staff would expect to receive
targeted responses for Component 4.

Council Member Burt asked if the composting of yard trimmings could
include gasification or pyrolysis as alternatives.

Mr. Bobel advised that the OFP indicated aerobic composting; however, in
the future other technologies such as gasification might be possible. The
RFP would not rule out alternatives, but would direct proposals toward
aerobic composting.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff would preclude anaerobic
treatment of yard trimmings at the outset if there was a proposal that could
do that timely.

Mr. Bobel wanted to word the RFP so that proposers understood that the
analysis supported aerobic composting. Staff would not want the RFP to
preclude other ideas.


04/29/2014                                                          114- 528
