Representative Anna Eshoo, Senator Boxer's staff, and the Department of
Transportation.

Mayor Shepherd spoke at the Clean Tech Conference hosted by the Sierra
Club in San Francisco the prior week. Chief Sustainability Officer Gil Friend
attended as well. She attended the French Fair and welcomed the UN
Ambassador of French-speaking countries in Africa. She also attended the
Palo Alto High School gym closing event along with other Council Members.
She and Richard Hackmann met with Senator Hill regarding legislation.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Wynn Grcich announced Ireland was the latest country to stop fluoridation.
On March 22, 2014, Clean Water California would hold a march against
fluoride in San Francisco. Fluoride was a hazardous waste and caused
cancer.

Don Barr reported 129 children age 18 and under lived in Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park, 101 of whom attended Palo Alto schools. Of the 31 children in
high school and 4 children in local community colleges, not a single one
dropped out of school.       He provided additional information regarding
healthcare and dental care for children living in Buena Vista Mobile Home
Park. All children in the mobile home park were receiving substantial benefit
from living in Palo Alto.

Don Anderson knew the residents of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park as
hardworking people who cared about one another and the neighborhood.
Closing Buena Vista Mobile Home Park would mean the loss of 108 units of
affordable housing. The City should commit substantial funds to assist
Buena Vista residents or an affordable housing developer to buy the site.

Omar Chatty noted another person was killed by Caltrain in Atherton.
Caltrain had killed four people in Palo Alto since the beginning of 2013.
Caltrain did not belong in an urban environment. He requested the Council
work with the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) to bring the
Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) to Palo.

Herb Borock remarked that the Caltrain Draft Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) for electrification was tentatively scheduled for Council discussion on
April 7, 2014. He requested the Council consider having the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), the Architectural Review Board (ARB)
and possibly the Historic Resources Board (HRB) make recommendations.
The Council meeting on April 7 was an opportunity for the Council to obtain
public comments and to review comments from Staff and Boards and
Commissions.
                                                                        Page 9 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
