                             MINUTES
relation to the City's difficulty in obtaining permits for the Golf Course
Reconfiguration Project. The problem should be solved through the State
Water Board or legislatively.

Richard Brand was concerned by the Metropolitan Transportation
Commission's (MTC) reallocation of Dumbarton rail funds to San Jose. He
requested Senator Hill work on returning those funds to Dumbarton rail and
proceeding with the project.

Senator Hill was also concerned by the reallocation of those funds. He had
been waiting for Dumbarton rail to be the link across the Bay. He had a
meeting scheduled with the Director of MTC on this topic and others.

Aram James inquired about Senator Hill's position on Initiative 47. He read
headlines regarding Senator Hill's jail bill for San Mateo County. He did not
support expansion of the State's prison-industrial complex. Funds should be
allocated to universities, medical care, drug rehabilitation, and other human
needs.

Senator Hill supported Initiative 47. Jail construction in San Mateo County
was related to a new women's jail. The current jail was in deplorable
condition. The purpose of the new jail was to rehabilitate inmates.

Elizabeth Alexis, Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design (CARRD),
appreciated Senator Hill's support for access to public records. Caltrain
provided a worthwhile service to communities and offered incredible
possibilities.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, advised that Caltrain leadership would need
to elevate commute service to transit service, to integrate train service with
other transit services in the region, and to establish stable funding. Those
criteria were critical in the next generation of Caltrain leadership.

Sea Reddy questioned the need for airplane flight paths over Palo Alto. He
requested Senator Hill's aid with the issue.      He suggested temporary
shelters for the homeless be opened in unrented commercial space.

Thida Corns could use only Caltrain during a recent period of disability.
Public transit services needed better integration. Caltrain services were
good, but could be better. All modes of public transportation should be
affordable for the poor.

Roland LeBrun suggested Senator Hill introduce legislation to mandate
uniform platform heights and reintroduce legislation to mandate searchable
PDF documents held by any public agency.
                                                                         Page 2 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/06/14
