Ms. Ratchye indicated the City would base conservation measures on either
2013 calendar year or fiscal year.

Council Member Holman recalled the public speaker mentioned baseline
usage.

Ms. Ratchye stated the City had never implemented an allocation system.
Those types of rate structures were not considered in the Plan until Stage 3
or Stage 4 and would require significant changes to the billing system. Staff
recognized that some residents could conserve more than others; however,
everyone could do something to conserve water.

Ms. Fong referenced the letter from SFPUC regarding a 17 percent decrease
in water delivery.      Voluntarily people were reducing their water
consumption.

Council Member Holman wished restaurants would not serve water unless
requested by patrons, and hoped the City could institute that as an ongoing
policy. She had concerns that reduced landscape irrigation would affect the
canopy.

Ms. Elvert reported the City could provide table tents to restaurants to
educate customers that the restaurant served water only upon request.

Council Member Holman did not believe table tents were effective.

Ms. Elvert indicated Staff worked closely with Canopy and the City's Urban
Forestry Division to ensure programs were compatible with the urban
canopy.    Staff provided information to residents and the professional
landscape community regarding maintenance of a sustainable, low-water-
use landscape with efficiency irrigation while protecting the health of trees.

Council Member Holman felt the information regarding City programs should
be discussed more often.

Council Member Price inquired about the update cycle for the Plan.

Ms. Ratchye reported State law required the City to update the Plan every
five years. The next update would occur in 2015.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff could imagine updating the Plan
sooner than 2015 because of extended drought conditions.

Ms. Ratchye stated Staff could update it at any time. She asked if Council
Member Price was aware of reasons for updating the Plan sooner than 2015.

                                                                         Page 4 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/03/14
