                              MINUTES
The new Mitchell Park Library and Community Center opened its doors to the
public on November 6, 2014.

Oral Communications

Harlan Pinto recalled on October 6, 2014 the Council approved an extension
of the no overnight parking regulations along University Avenue. Staff
prepared a petition that included only the north side of University Avenue
and specifically excluded the south side of University Avenue. The Council's
action on October 6 authorized the entirety of University Avenue. He
requested the Council clarify its action and instructions to Staff.

Roger Smith learned three things from the election cycle. First, many
homes in south Palo Alto did not have an address on the curb or house.
Second, he was disappointed with the less than 50 percent turnout at the
recent election. He encouraged the Council to limit public comment to 2
minutes rather than 3 minutes. He thanked the Council for placing the
measure to reduce the number of Council seats on the ballot.

Dr. Martell had requested a hearing with the City to clear herself of false
defamatory accusations.        She requested the Council order the City
Attorney's Office to offer her a fair hearing or to dismiss the action. The City
Attorney's Office refused to suspend the imposed sentence pending the
outcome of the hearing. The City refused to give her a list of accusers and
witnesses and appointed a hearing officer hostile towards her.

Mike Francois remarked that the City probably had the highest teenage
suicide rate in the country based on wealth and education. Something had
to be done and done now.

Sea Reddy thanked veterans of Palo Alto for their service. The new library
was fantastic. The newly-elected Council Members should listen to public
comment and respect citizens' wishes. The Council needed to remodel and
update Cubberley Community Center.

Herb Borock noticed the bus stop across the street was replaced by a freight
loading zone. Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) customer
service indicated the bus stop was supposed to be there. If a building owner
or developer needed a reserved parking space, he could pay a fee as listed
in the Municipal Fee Schedule for exclusive use of street parking.

Arthur Keller thanked the Council for the opportunity to serve on the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) for eight years. By not
being reappointed to the P&TC, he would have more time to campaign for
City Council should he choose to do so.

11/10/2014                                                               116- 87
