                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman noted Agenda Item Number 5 was removed from
the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Shepherd indicated Council Members Holman, Scharff, Burt and Vice
Mayor Kniss supported the removal of Item Number 5 from the Consent
Calendar.

ACTION ITEMS

12.   Approval of the Proposed Grocery Store Tenant (College Terrace
      Market) Within PC 5069 (College Terrace Centre) Based on the Finding
      that the Proposed Grocery Tenant Would Likely be Comparable in
      Quality of Products and Services as JJ&F as it Existed and Operated on
      December 7, 2009 at 2180 El Camino Real (Continued from November
      17, 2014).

Mayor Shepherd requested Council comment regarding ending the
discussion at 8:30 P.M. with a continuation to the following evening or
completing discussion in the current meeting.

Council Member Scharff felt the Item should be heard in full at the current
meeting with a check-in at 9:15 P.M.

Council Member Berman concurred with completing the discussion in the
current meeting because of the number of people from the public present.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the appropriate time for Council
Members' disclosures.

Mayor Shepherd advised that disclosures could be made following Staff's
presentation.

Russ Reich, Senior Planner reported the Planned Community (PC) Ordinance
specifically stated that City approval should not be withheld unless the City
reasonably found that such proposed grocery tenant was not likely to be
comparable in quality of products and services as JJ&F as it existed and
operated on December 7, 2009. A prior meeting regarding the Item was
held on August 11, 2014, at which time the Council requested additional
information. The Applicant had provided additional information.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Members make their disclosures.

Council Member Scharff spoke with Jim Baer earlier in the day regarding
increasing the penalty from $1,000 to $2,000 per day. Mr. Baer indicated
the Applicant would respond at the meeting. He spoke with Miki Werness,
who indicated he was willing to be the grocery store operator; however, the
Applicant was unwilling to allow him to be the operator.


12/01/2014                                                            116- 147
