                             MINUTES
Ordinance change should clearly state that the Comprehensive Plan could
not be changed so that the project was consistent with the Comprehensive
Plan. The Council should clarify that preliminary review of PC projects was
conceptual. Without PCs, the City could not accomplish affordable housing
projects. An affordable housing overlay was possible in the future; however,
that was a lengthy process. Public benefits should be based on good
planning practices rather than a tenant. Future PC Ordinances should state
annual inspections would be conducted at the expense of the owner. The
Planning Director and City Attorney should determine penalties for
nonconformance. It was important to provide examples of public benefits.
Perhaps the list could be based on a needs assessment and updated every
five years. Council protocols strongly discouraged private discussions. A
preliminary review of projects would be more consistent with existing ex
parte communications procedures and protocols. She was disturbed to see
variances and Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE) included in techniques
to achieve the objectives of PC Zoning. Placing variances and DEEs in the
same context as PCs was troubling as variances and DEEs were minor
adjustments to zoning. She did not support identifying potential locations
for PCs. If the Council wanted affordable housing to be compatible with the
surrounding community, then the Council could not limit the locations of
those projects. When a project was under review, anything that would
impede a public benefit had to be identified and addressed.

Council Member Burt concurred with needing a better definition of public
benefits and a clearer process, and with disclosure of ex parte
communications. He was interested in having an economic analysis of the
proposed benefit and the value of the requested entitlement; however, a
complex discussion of the issue was needed. He was not convinced that the
cost of a benefit correlated to the value of the benefit. It was important for
a preliminary review to be conceptual. With respect to the responsible body,
the Council should provide guidance after being informed by the P&TC's
preliminary conceptual discussion of a project. He requested additional
detail for that.      Enhanced monitoring and enforcement were crucial
components and had to build in consequences of noncompliance.
Development agreements and precise plans had value. More precise plans
or specific plans likely would reduce the number of PCs. He was interested
in reviewing proposed specific locations for PC Zones. He agreed with
Council Member Schmid's comments regarding boundaries of future growth
informing areas for PCs. He wished to review and understand proposals for
caps in the degree of variation before making a decision. A PC should not
initiate a change in the Comprehensive Plan in order to be consistent with
the Comprehensive Plan. Given the high percentage of PC projects that
provided 100 percent affordable housing, PCs had been crucial to providing
affordable housing in the community. He requested Staff provide the
                                                                         Page 9 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/06/14
