                             MINUTES
Joe Hirsch was excited by the lease and hoped the Council endorsed it.
Without space at Cubberley, the Cardiac Therapy Foundation could no longer
operate. Cardiac Therapy Foundation looked forward to renewing its lease
at Cubberley Community Center.

Gary Smith appreciated the City negotiating the lease amendment as he
participated in ballroom dancing at Cubberley.

Stephanie Munoz repeated her suggestion that the Council develop rental
housing for teachers at Cubberley.     Organizations currently located at
Cubberley could be located on the ground-floor of an apartment building.

Sea Reddy suggested the Council first repair the roads around Cubberley
and maintain rental rates at the current level while making necessary repairs
to the buildings.

Council Member Schmid believed schools were the most important element
for the City's long-term health and was delighted by the City and PAUSD's
efforts to move toward that future. Funds would now be dedicated for
capital projects on the site. For the next five years, programs could
continue to operate at Cubberley.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve Staff recommendation to authorize the Mayor to sign the
Third Amendment to the Lease between the City of Palo Alto and Palo Alto
Unified School District (PAUSD)/(District) in substantially the form as
contained in Attachment A, extending the Cubberley Community Center
(CCC) lease for an additional five years and updating the financial terms to
permit additional City investment in the aging infrastructure of the
Cubberley Community Center (CCC).

Council Member Klein was pleased the City had reached an agreement with
PAUSD. The lease amendment deleted the Covenant Not to Develop;
created funds for maintenance and capital projects; and shared the loss of
revenue that could occur when Foothill College moved to its new campus.
The most important aspect for the community was continuation of the many
programs at Cubberley for the next five years. The Staff Report stated the
35-acre site was the last major plot of publicly owned land in the City
proper, which was not true.

Council Member Berman felt the lease amendment was a good resolution to
the current phase of community discussion. The exciting discussion of the
future and vision for Cubberley could begin.      He questioned language
regarding use of space for City purposes and paying the appropriate rent to
PAUSD.

11/17/2014                                                            116- 121
