                             MINUTES
   1. Proceed immediately (i.e. in advance of the Comp Plan Update) with
      zoning Ordinances to address retail preservation & parking
      exemptions; and

   2. Schedule a Council work session in January 2015 to discuss
      parameters of an annual office/R&D growth management program;
      and

   3. Schedule a series of Community/Commission/Council work sessions
      about “big picture” planning issues in Spring 2015 utilizing simplified
      planning scenarios to test the growth management program as well as
      a) the potential elimination of housing sites on San Antonio and South
      El Camino in exchange for increased densities or new sites closer to
      transit and jobs/services, b) the potential for major transportation
      investments in the Caltrain corridor and the County Expressway
      system, and new public transit, c) the potential use of sustainability-
      based performance measures and programs, and d) potential
      commercial zoning changes discussed at the City Council Study
      Session on September 8, 2014.

   4. Also use the work sessions to review goals, policies, and programs
      from the existing Comp Plan & the recommendations forwarded by the
      P&TC in early 2014; and

   5. Prepare   a   impacts    analysis    (Draft  EIR)   to   inform    the
      Community/Commission/Council work sessions in the Spring of 2015,
      presenting the impacts of simplified scenarios (and the policy choices
      they represent) as well as potential cumulative impacts over the next
      15 years; and

   6. Concurrent with the Comp Plan Update, prepare a draft zoning
      ordinance(s) for consideration that would implement aspects of the
      plan, including many of the zoning ideas discussed at the City Council
      Study Session on September 8, 2014.

Council Member Berman believed Staff recommended a good process and
beginning framework.      The process would be good for engaging and
educating the community. Broad scenarios that would gather as much
information as possible were important.

Council Member Holman advised that the block of Emerson between Homer
and Forest was added to Downtown, but it was not shown on the map on
packet page 215. She requested Staff add to the map the South of Forest
Avenue (SOFA) 2 retail district, zoning until December 2009, areas that were
also retail, and which properties converted from retail/service to office.

12/08/2014                                                            116- 212
