                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein asked if learning that neither scenario was financially
feasible would it undermine the usefulness of scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman advised that a Comprehensive Plan was supposed to be
visionary. Scenarios would allow the community to analyze possible futures
with and without choices.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff guard against creating unrealistic
expectations when discussing scenarios.

Council Member Price reported the County was attempting to place a
transportation measure on the 2016 ballot. The Federal government was
attempting to provide funding for rail corridors related to grade separation.
Staff should include the broader grade separation issue when discussing
scenarios.    Planning scenarios were commonly used and provided an
understanding of possibilities. Reducing Staff's ability to interpret scenarios
would not serve the intent of the Comprehensive Plan. She cautioned
against putting a great deal of effort into zoning changes without the full
context of the Comprehensive Plan, because changes could result in
economic development consequences.           The Staff Report lacked any
discussion of economic vitality and fiscal impacts from zoning changes. She
inquired whether Staff's analysis and scope of services included an economic
or fiscal impact component.

Ms. Gitelman answered no. Financial analysis or fiscal matters were not
typically considered in an EIR. Staff was aware of the Council's desire for a
financial analysis; however, it was not part of the consultant's contract.

Council Member Price felt the Council would be irresponsible if it did not
consider an economic impact analysis or an assessment of economic
consequences.

Council Member Schmid agreed an analysis of fiscal matters was important
and essential. Sustainability data spoke directly to job growth. The existing
conditions report identified population growth and job growth numbers as
City of Palo Alto and Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG). The
existing conditions report seemed to imply that the City accepted ABAG
numbers as base data. He inquired whether that was correct or whether
there would be a discussion of base job and housing numbers.

Ms. Gitelman asked if Council Member Schmid was referring to existing jobs
and population or projections for 2030.




12/08/2014                                                             116- 209
