                              MINUTES
The City was named the 2014 Most Electric Vehicle (EV) Ready Community
at the Charged and Connected Symposium. In the next few months, Staff
would present additional measures to promote EVs.

Vice Mayor Kniss reported the Bay Area Air Quality Management District
Board of Directors recognized the City the previous week. Palo Alto was the
first city to enact an Ordinance.

Craig Lewis indicated EVs were a large part of the transition to a smart
energy future. The Council, Staff, and community embraced EVs.

Sven Theisen felt it was critical for the community to electrify transportation
as quickly as possible.

Mike Thompson stated Council actions were the beginning of defining the
future and solving issues related to EV driving.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

Mayor Shepherd announced Staff had continued Agenda Item Number 8 to
another date.

James Keene, City Manager, expected it to return at the meeting scheduled
for May 19, 2014.

Mayor Shepherd noted a correction to Agenda Item Number 10, which was
stated in the At-Places memorandum regarding a potential amendment to
the Municipal Code.

Mr. Keene advised that an At-Places memorandum indicated the material
was part of the full packet.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the Our Palo Alto Comprehensive
Plan Advisory Committee Reunion and Kick Off of the 2030 Plan would occur
May 8, 2014 at 6:00 P.M. Although the total water use reduction achieved
in City Facilities was 40 percent, the City could only legitimately attribute 30
percent to the City's conservation efforts. The San Francisco Public Utilities
Commission's (SFPUC) 10 percent reduction target could be increased at any
time; however, a change was not likely prior to the next water supply
update scheduled for mid-June 2014. The Santa Clara Valley Water District
continued to call for a 20 percent water use reduction.




05/05/2014                                                              114- 572
