Herb Borock noted the Council's position regarding rail issues was to place a
representative on the Caltrain Joint Powers Board. A representative might
not represent the position of the Palo Alto City Council.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, thanked Council Member Price for
supporting the blended system and Caltrain electrification.        A blended
system would increase capacity, speed, and the number of stops. An
efficient, electrified Caltrain would be important to Transportation Demand
Management (TDM) strategies.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the Minutes of January 6, 2014.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Members
Scharff and Berman to remove Agenda Item Number 5.

James Keene, City Manager, felt the item could be heard at the end of the
Agenda. If time constraints prevented the Council from hearing it at the end
of the Agenda, it would be continued to February 24, 2014.

Mayor Shepherd moved Agenda Item Number 5 to the end of meeting to
become Agenda Item Number 9A.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3, and 7-8.

2.   Approval of Contract with Standard Parking Corporation in the Amount
     of $120,000 for Operation of the Lot R Parking Garage Attendant
     Program and Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance Amending
     the Fiscal Year 2014 University Avenue Parking Permit Fund Operating
     Budget to Provide Additional Appropriations of $120,000 (Staff request
     this item be continued to February 24, 2014).

3.   Resolution 9396 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Determining that a Target for the City of Palo Alto Utilities to
     Procure Energy Storage Systems is Not Appropriate Due to Lack of
     Cost-effective Options”.
                                                                       Page 11 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
