                       FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Scharff agreed the tunnels needed humanizing.          He
suggested an ongoing program of art for the tunnels between Stanford
University and Palo Alto. Perhaps Passage could remain on display until a
second art work could be installed.

Mr. Tiews stated the project was a proof of concept for ongoing art work,
whether a permanent installation or a sequence of temporary installations.

Council Member Scharff supported a series of temporary installations. The
challenge was making a commitment to the project.

3.    Proclamation - National Police Week.

Council Member Price read the Proclamation into the record.

Dennis Burns, Police Chief, reported the Police Department would dedicate
three redwood trees as a hero's grove on May 15, 2014. He thanked the
Council for the Proclamation.

4.    Appointment of Candidates to the Public Art Commission and the
      Planning and Transportation Commission.

First Round of voting for one position on the Public Art Commission with the
term ending April 30, 2017:

Voting For Christine Kelly Miller:   Burt, Holman, Klein, Shepherd

Voting For Jim Migdal:               Berman, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid

Voting For Jeanine Murphy:

Donna Grider, City Clerk, announced that Jim Migdal with five votes was
appointed to the Public Art Commission for three years with the term ending
on April 30, 2017.

First Round of voting for one position on the Planning and Transportation
Commission with the term ending October 31, 2017:

Voting For Sea Reddy:

Voting For Przmek Gardia:

Voting For Eric Rosenblum:           Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein,              Kniss,
                                     Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

                                                                             Page 3 of 26
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 5/12/13
