                           MOTIONS

Consent Calendar

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in Agenda Item
Number 7 as his wife is a member of the Stanford Faculty.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-17.
3.   Resolution 9416 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving a Power Purchase Agreement with 65HK 8me LLC for
     up to 60,000 Megawatt-hours Per Year of Energy Over 34 Years for a
     Total Not to Exceed Amount of $130 Million.”

4.   Approval of Two Agreements: (a) Agreement with the San Francisquito
     Creek Joint Powers Authority and its Member Agencies for Funding of
     Construction of the San Francisquito Creek Flood Reduction,
     Ecosystem Restoration, and Recreation Project, San Francisco Bay to
     Highway 101, and (b) Memorandum of Understanding between the
     San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority and the City of Palo Alto
     Concerning the Mitigation of Impacts to the Palo Alto Municipal Golf
     Course Due To The San Francisquito Creek Flood Reduction,
     Ecosystem Restoration, and Recreation Project, San Francisco Bay to
     Highway 101; and a Resolution 9417 entitled “Resolution of the
     Council of the City of Palo Alto Making Findings of Fact and Adopting a
     Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program in Accordance with the
     California Environmental Quality Act in the Context of Approval of the
     Construction Funding Agreement of the San Francisquito Creek Flood
     Reduction, Ecosystem Restoration, and Recreation Project, San
     Francisco Bay to Highway 101.”

5.   Recommendation for Council Approval to Amend the Current Regional
     Animal Care and Control Services Contracts with the City of Los Altos
     and Town of Los Altos Hills, and to Extend Term For Five Additional
     Years.

6.   Resolution 9418 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving a Power Management and Administrative Services
     Agreement, Amended and Restated Facilities Agreement, Amended
     and Restated Scheduling Coordination Program Agreement and the
     Second Amended and Restated Pooling Agreement with the Northern
     California Power Agency (NCPA).”


                                                                              Page 2 of 6
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                       Draft Action Minutes: 06/02/2014
