                      FINAL MINUTES
     Beginning/End of Council Terms and Annual Reorganization Meeting,
     and Other Matters.

Mayor Shepherd reported the item focused on three Charter amendments,
identified in two Colleagues' Memoranda in 2013. Charter amendments
required majority approval by voters. August 8, 2014 was the final date for
Council consideration of placing an initiative on the 2014 ballot. She
proposed the Council first discuss potential Charter amendments. If the
Council wished, the Policy and Services Committee (Committee) could meet
on May 20, 2014 to consider specific language and logistics to assist the City
Attorney. If the Council determined other topics for Charter amendments,
she recommended they be referred to the Policy and Services Committee for
initial discussion.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Council should first discuss
topics for Charter amendments.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Staff Report included language regarding terms
limits.   The City Attorney illustrated additional matters for Council
discussion.

Roger Smith favored reducing the number of Council seats from nine to
seven. That should be a separate ballot measure from other Charter
amendments.

Robert Moss opposed term limits for Council Members.       Reducing the
number of seats would not increase the number of candidates vying for the
City Council. Fewer Council Members would have more responsibilities with
respect to Boards and Commissions. Fewer Council Members would not
affect the length of meetings.

Joe Hirsch favored a limit of two terms for Council Members. Reducing the
number of Council seats would shorten meetings. Regarding districts for
Council Members, Council Members should be aware of issues across the
City. Compensation for the Council was inadequate, and a significant
increase was warranted.

Aram James preferred additional Council seats and opposed term limits. The
City should have full-time, well-paid Council Members who selected their
own staffs and who represented specific districts.

Herb Borock opposed placing any Charter amendments on the ballot.
Alternatively, a Charter amendment to change term limits should apply to
newly elected Council Members who had not served previously or should
                                                                           Page 16 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
