                             MINUTES
Ideas from the Study Session held on September 8, 2014 were summarized
in Attachment A. The Staff Report identified the possibility of adding one or
two more zone change concept items without interrupting the
Comprehensive Plan Update schedule. On November 17, 2014, the Council
would take action based on the current discussion.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, added that
the current discussion would be continued on November 17 with action being
taken at that time. On August 6, 2014, the Council requested Staff provide
baseline data related to the Comprehensive Plan Update, reevaluate the
breadth and scope of the Comprehensive Plan Update process, and consider
whether commercial zoning changes could occur ahead of or concurrent with
the Comprehensive Plan Update. The Comprehensive Plan and zoning were
directly related because one implemented the other. On September 8,
2014, the Council outlined ideas for potential commercial zoning changes.
Staff published and disseminated a volume of materials that provided
existing conditions data on 14 different topics. The Comprehensive Plan
called "Embracing the New Century" was adopted in 1998. Because of
elapsed time, many of the objectives had been met and new opportunities
were now available. Updating the Comprehensive Plan provided a good legal
foundation for decision making in the future. An updated Comprehensive
Plan could help the City manage the pace of growth and respond to key
issues. The Comprehensive Plan Update process was an opportunity for a
collaborative conversation and interaction with the community regarding
critical issues. Hopefully the Comprehensive Plan would reflect the collective
wisdom of the community. The Comprehensive Plan set zoning and zoning
set regulations to implement policy. The Council offered 19 ideas at the
Study Session which Staff grouped into four categories. The categories
were: changes in use or density; preserving local retail; parking
requirements; and other zoning changes. Zoning amendments could be
examined and pursued in advance of and concurrent with the
Comprehensive Plan Update. The Council identified specific zoning changes
it wanted to consider, and those changes could be pursued ahead of or
concurrent with the Comprehensive Plan Update. In the Staff Report, Staff
suggested a prioritization of ideas related to retail preservation and parking
exemptions and suggested ideas to be considered concurrent with the
Comprehensive Plan Update. Staff used three different criteria to evaluate
each.




11/03/2014                                                             116- 38
