                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd noted the City received the Turning Red Tape into Red
Carpet Award for the Development Center Blueprint Business Retention and
Expansion.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Alex von Feldt, Program Director for Acterra Stewardship, explained that the
Stewardship Program partnered with the City to engage the community to
improve local parks, open spaces, and creeks. She highlighted ongoing
projects. She thanked the Council for its support.

Stephanie Munoz recalled that the public supported the recent low-income,
senior housing project. If the Council did not construct affordable housing,
the public could conclude that the Council only wanted the market-rate
housing part of the project. The Council should construct the affordable
housing project.

Hal Mickelson, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, noted the Infrastructure
Committee asked Staff to begin preliminary work on an increase in the City's
Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT). The Chamber of Commerce would not
support an increase in the TOT. The City Manager stated that he favored
raising the money first and subsequently setting priorities for use of the
monies. The Chamber of Commerce's position was based on economics.
People and large employers would book hotel rooms in other places.

Aram James suggested the Council discuss discontinuing use of Tasers by
the Police Department. There was only one Taser discharge in 2012. The
Independent Police Auditor recognized that Taser use was a controversial
force option. Tasers were not cost effective and remained in violation of the
U.N. objective not to engage in torture.

Council Member Burt requested the City Manager respond to Mr. Mickelson's
characterization of his position as stated at the Infrastructure Committee.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Infrastructure Committee was
attempting to balance an infrastructure deficit larger than any combination
of existing revenue sources. As a means for the Infrastructure Committee to
work through the process, he suggested the Infrastructure Committee
discuss the most viable revenue sources and then match needs with
revenue. He would never recommend the Council consider a tax increase as
casual or consider not dedicating a tax to a particular purpose.




                                   4                     January 13, 2014
