                            MINUTES

Mayor Shepherd commented that the 7.1 percent increase in FY 2014 would
apply in FY 2015, because FY 2015 was the second year of the HSRAP cycle.
Therefore, the proposed 2.6 percent increase would be in addition to the 7.1
percent increase. She questioned whether the Council could thoughtfully
consider a method to grant funds without an application process. Perhaps in
2015, Staff could consider a process for determining when Reserve funds
could be utilized. She suggested the HRC or Staff send a letter to the
County requesting additional funds, because the County had approximately
$5 million to allocate. She would support the Amendment as she had long
advocated for increased funding.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-1 Klein no, Scharff absent

Mayor Shepherd wished to discuss the Golf Course Reconfiguration Project.

Council Member Klein wished to discuss the Cubberley Reserve.

Council Member Schmid wished to discuss the shuttle program.

Council Member Holman asked if Mayor Shepherd wanted to know additional
issues for which Council Members had questions.

Council Member Shepherd wished to release Staff.

Council Member Holman had questions that she first raised at Finance
Committee meetings and that Staff had not answered. Her questions
concerned garden plots for a low-income fee and the Alma Plaza Community
Room.

Mr. Keene asked if those concerns arose from discussion of the Municipal Fee
Schedule.

Council Member Holman responded yes.           An additional concern was
commercial impact fees regarding housing.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Council would need to determine whether to
notice a meeting on June 18, 2014 prior to entering the Closed Session.

Council Member Schmid noted the Motion stated the storm drain rates were
"per month" while other references stated "per year." He inquired about the
impact of Proposition 42 funds on the City's Budget.


                                                                       Page 24 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 06/09/14
