Vice Mayor Kniss noted the District provided a rebate of $1 for the program,
and inquired whether residents received $3 for the program.

Ms. Elvert stated the City matched the District's rebate for a total of $2 per
square foot.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Staff reviewed similar programs in other cities.
She felt the cost of replacing lawn was more than the rebate amount.

Ms. Elvert reported different agencies handled the program differently. In
the District service area and in Palo Alto, the rebates and the total area of
landscape eligible for rebate were more generous than those offered by
other agencies.     Staff estimated it could cost less $2 per square for
replacement of lawn.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested Staff provide comparisons of cost to replace
landscaping.

Council Member Burt recalled that the City was scheduled to update the
landscape element of the Zoning Ordinance. The Comprehensive Plan
update should address these issues; however, he did not want to wait for
the Comprehensive Plan update before updating the Zoning Ordinance.
Perhaps colleagues could draft a Colleague's Memo regarding changes to the
Zoning Ordinance. He requested Staff provide some cost-benefit modeling
of examples.    Changing the landscaping for commercial enterprises in
Research Park and the Baylands would have a greater impact on water
reduction than other measures and would recreate natural habitat. Mr.
Coale stated that the City's permitting requirements were more onerous
than elsewhere. He inquired whether Staff had any data regarding the
benchmarking to neighbors.

Ms. Elvert reported the program had not been in effect long enough to
compare water reductions among program participants. There had been a
significant increase in calls and emails to the customer service center. In
general the feedback was positive in that people were seeing water use
information in a different manner than what they saw on the water bill.

Council Member Burt felt the City did not do a good job of capturing data. If
the City had supporting data, then people would appreciate that measures
were effective.

Ms. Ratchye noted Staff was required to perform an annual evaluation for
the home energy report. Consultants performed a thorough analysis to
determine the savings.


                                                                         Page 6 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/03/14
