                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff inquired whether any other Council Members
received the informational report. Because the informational report was
missing from his packet, he obtained a copy from the City Clerk.

Ms. Gitelman would investigate the matter.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

12.   Comprehensive Plan Update -- Review of the Comprehensive Plan
      Update Community Engagement Plan and Community Leadership
      Group.

Mayor Shepherd explained the item allowed the Council to discuss and direct
Staff regarding the engagement plan and composition of the leadership
group. No Council action was required.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, recalled
that the Council specifically requested a review of the Community
Engagement Plan in March 2014. The engagement plan covered the entire
18 or 24-month update process. As Council Member Burt suggested earlier,
Staff could frame questions for the community in the visioning phase based
on Council comment. The Community Engagement Plan was intended as a
roadmap for engagement efforts. It contained three broad objectives: 1) to
solicit meaningful input regarding critical issues facing the City and a design
for the future; 2) to ensure participation by a wide cross-section of the
community including groups usually underrepresented; and 3) to ensure
public input informed the final work product. The Community Engagement
Plan grouped tools and technologies into four categories: 1) community
meetings and workshops; 2) virtual meetings and online interactions; 3) a
campaign to meet people in their spaces; and 4) formal public hearings.
Staff wanted to enlist of group of 12-15 members of the public who had
established networks in the community or who had expertise in community
engagement. The members would be appointed by the City Manager based
on applications.      The group would focus primarily on community
engagement, meet monthly in public, and advocate for the Comprehensive
Plan process. Applicants would live or work in Palo Alto; have established
connections and networks in the community; belong to an existing
community or professional organization or have a special expertise in
community engagement; have energy and ideas about expanding
engagement; and be willing to meet on a monthly basis. Community
engagement would begin with a social event on May 8, 2014. Thereafter,
Staff would disseminate information regarding the first round of community
meetings and online interactions.



05/05/2014                                                             114- 580
