                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd reported that telephonic attendance of Council Members
was permitted only in the event of an extraordinary event such as a medical,
family, or similar emergency requiring a Council Member's absence. She
inquired whether the telephonic vote impacted the Council's votes for Boards
and Commissions.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City Attorney provided the
interpretation of the Council's rules.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated the Mayor read the rule as printed.
She had not provided any advice or guidance as to how the rule should be
applied. She understood the rule had traditionally been applied first by the
Clerk in setting up the matter. That could be subject to a decision of the
Council as to how to interpret and apply its own rule. She was not aware of
specific facts concerning Vice Mayor Kniss' telephonic participation.

Council Member Klein asked who made the decision.           Vice Mayor Kniss
obviously believed she was qualified to vote.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Mayor had discretion. She chose to follow
Council policy and inquired of the Clerk whether there would be a change in
any of the appointments resulting from disqualification of Vice Mayor Kniss'
vote.

Council Member Klein asked the City Attorney if the Mayor had that
discretion.

Ms. Stump advised that the Council had a reconsideration provision that
allowed a member of the majority to ask that an item be reopened during
the same Council meeting. Her notes did not show whether that was the
case. Two appointments were made with five votes. She did not know
whether Mayor Shepherd was a member of the majority for those
appointments. If she understood correctly, the rule did not permit Vice
Mayor Kniss' telephonic participation. As was customary, the Mayor could
make a procedural interpretation in the first instance subject to a vote of the
majority of the Council if the Council disagreed with the Mayor's
interpretation.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Mayor Shepherd's Motion was made
as a Council Member rather than as Mayor.

Mayor Shepherd asked if her proposed action required a second.

Ms. Stump requested clarification of the Mayor's intention. Mayor Shepherd
had requested information from the City Clerk.

11/10/2014                                                              116- 88
