                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff may have been misleading when referring to
"default densities." The State referred to default densities and required the
City to zone for those densities to demonstrate that sites were available for
low- and very-low-income households.

Council Member Scharff stated the Council should approve the Ordinance,
and then refer the FAR component for Housing Inventory sites to the P&TC.
Referring the item to the P&TC without allowing public comment was neither
transparent nor appropriate. The Council needed to allow public comment.

Ms. Stump clarified that the Council would allow public comment at the P&TC
and Council.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Burt to approve the Staff recommendation that the Council
adopt an Ordinance to implement five programs in the City’s Housing
Element by amending Title 18 (Zoning) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
(PAMC) to make the following changes:

  1. Amend Section 18.04.030 (Definitions) to add definitions for
     Emergency Shelter, Supportive Housing and Transitional Housing to
     comply with the definitions found in State law and to conform to the
     requirements of Government Section Code 65583.

  2. Amend Section 18.16.060 (Development Standards for CN, CC, and CS
     Districts) to increase the density for residential projects in the CN zone
     district from 15 units per acre to 20 units per acre for CN parcels in
     Housing Inventory Sites list of the Housing Element.

  3. Amend Section 18.20.030 (Land Uses for MOR, ROLM, ROLM(E), RP
     and GM Districts) to add Emergency Shelters for the Homeless as a
     permitted use in the portion of the ROLM (E) District located east of
     Highway 101, and to establish performance and design standards for
     emergency shelters as outlined in the Palo Alto Quality Assurance
     Standards for Emergency Shelters (Attachment B).

  4. Add Chapter 18.46 (Requests for Reasonable Accommodation for
     Accessibility) to establish a process for persons with disabilities to seek
     a modification to the zoning regulations to eliminate regulatory
     barriers to providing housing for persons with a disability as required
     by State law. Typical improvements that would be considered for
     reasonable accommodation provisions include ramps, walls, handrails,
     elevators or lifts, or similar physical improvements necessary to
     accommodate a person’s disability.

  5. Revise Section 18.16.060(c) (CN zoning) and 18.18.060(c) (CD

                                   19                      January 13, 2014
