                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd clarified that Staff would prepare the comment letter so
that could be measured. The following year, the Council could then evaluate
that.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff would focus on the negative impacts
of the various options in the comment letter. City policy prohibited new
traffic lights on Alma Street, which seemed to be the primary mitigation for
dedicated bus lanes. He questioned whether VTA could include new traffic
lights as mitigations when it was against City policy.

Mr. Rodriguez understood the EIR covered many of the points raised by
Council Member Scharff. Staff would provide a summary of those concerns
in detail. Dedicated lanes into Palo Alto would result in significant impacts.
City Staff would discuss larger impacts along Alma Street with VTA staff.

Council Member Klein suggested discussion of the current item end at 6:15.
In furtherance of that, he did not comment.

Council Member Berman noted the dedicated lane options removed parking
spaces and trees and increased travel time for cars, all of which were
unpopular with Palo Alto residents. He requested Staff review all data points
in the EIR, particularly level of service.

Mayor Shepherd asked how traffic information would align with the City's
outdated traffic models and how they would be influenced by the EIR.

Mr. Rodriguez utilized the same traffic forecast model utilized by VTA. The
Council had an influential position into whatever happened with the project,
because the City had a representative on the VTA Board. In addition, the
City had permitting authority for construction of the project within Palo Alto.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the data points were the change, which
the Council could interpret when updating the Comprehensive Plan. She
asked if the City could impose the parking in-lieu fee for the loss of parking
spaces as a result of the dedicated lane option.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that the parking in-lieu fee did not apply outside the
Downtown District.

Mayor Shepherd assumed growth formulas were taken from the Association
of Bay Area Governments (ABAG). She requested Staff comment regarding
Alma Street mitigations, alignment with the Bicycle Master Plan, impacts to
traffic along El Camino Real, and noise impacts and other similar items.




11/17/2014                                                              116- 114
