Mr. Rodriguez explained that the feasibility study applied constructability
factors to each site. Lot D was a wonderful site for a garage or a mixed-use
project; however, construction at Lot D would have significant impacts to
surrounding businesses. Therefore, Lot D ranked lower than Lot G on that
priority and was not recommended.

Council Member Scharff asked where the ranking of lots was presented in
the Staff Report.

Ms. Gitelman reported the rankings were presented in Figure Number 2 in
the study. The rankings of lots were very similar; thus, Staff was open to
Council suggestions for alternate sites.

Council Member Scharff noted Lot EG scored far better on the scale.              He
asked why Lot EG was not considered.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff interpreted Council Member comments in May
2013 as indicating a parking structure at Lot EG was not a consistent use in
relation to existing properties.

Council Member Scharff asked if the bridge over the street was the issue.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes.

Council Member Scharff requested clarification regarding whether the
Council could open all garages to people in SOFA.

Ms. Stump explained that the City utilized tax exempt municipal bonds as
the funding mechanism for garages. The bonds required the garages to be
used for a public purpose.         The City's current policies and practices
comported with federal tax rules and provided some flexibility for the City to
administer those public facilities. The City had a long history and practice of
working collaboratively with the Assessment District in administering those
garages. Staff's recommendation was to take an incremental step to open
the administration of a few lots. As a policy matter, she did not believe Staff
was recommending a wholesale change in the administration of lots.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether this was a policy decision that the
Council could change to open garages to everyone.

Mr. Keene indicated the City Attorney's legal analysis would support the
Council having flexibility to make a policy decision to be more expansive or
to move more quickly than the Staff recommendation. Staff felt the Council
had the authority to open the sale of permits.
                                                                         Page 18 of 37
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 2/10/14
