            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
8.   Information Follow up to Recommendation to Cancel Request for
     Proposals for Energy/Compost or Export Option Proposals for Food
     Scraps, Yard Trimmings and Biosolids and Begin Implementing the
     Organics Facilities Plan, including pursuing use of the Measure E Site
     for Composting (ITEM WAS CONTINUED BY COUNCIL MOTION ON
     APRIL 29, 2014 TO MAY 2014).

MOTION:     Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to:

 1. a. Cancel the “Energy/Compost Facility or Export Option for Food
       Scraps, Yard Trimmings, and Biosolids” Request for Proposals (E/CF
       RFP).
    b. Immediately reissue a substitute RFP for implementation of
       Components #2-4 (Anaerobic Digesters; Food Preprocessing; Yard
       Trimmings Composting) of the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP). The RFP
       shall express a preference that the relatively flat portion (3.8 acres
       or less) of the Measure E Site shall be used for Aerobic Composting
       of Yard trimmings (Component #4). No later than December 2014,
       Staff shall return to Council with recommendations to commence
       CEQA work and negotiate a contract(s) with the top-rated
       proposer(s).
 2.    Begin to pursue the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP) by hiring a
       Program Management firm. Should there be any differences between
       the OFP and the Recommendations adopted by Council, the
       Recommendations shall govern.
 3.    Apply for a State Water Resources Control Board State Revolving
       Fund (SRF) loan for Component One of the Organics Facilities Plan
       (OFP).
 4.    Initiate design of Component One of the OFP, Biosolids Dewatering
       and Truck Haul-Out Facility, including direction to prepare related
       modifications to the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP)
       partner agency agreements.
 5.    Initiate the answering of predesign questions associated with
       Component Two, Development of a Thermal Hydrolysis Process Wet
       Anaerobic Digestion (THP AD) facility, at the RWQCP; Component
       Three, Food Scrap Preprocessing; and Component Four, Yard
       Trimmings Processing of the OFP, including the following:
    a. Determine the local market price for Northern California for green
       electricity the RWQCP will receive for power generated by the facility;
    b. Establish the optimum size of the THP AD facility built to
       accommodate biosolids for a 30-year planning horizon as well as
       capacity for food scraps, which Palo Alto and any other jurisdiction
       would commit to bring to the facility;
                                                                              Page 3 of 7
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 05/12/14
