                             MINUTES

Council Member Holman requested Staff's rationale for utilizing a Resolution
rather than an Ordinance.

Ms. Silver believed a Resolution could be implemented more quickly. A
Resolution was not subject to first and second readings and waiting 31 days
thereafter, because the public process occurred prior to adoption of the
Resolution. The Council could implement RPP Districts by Ordinance, but it
would delay implementation of each District.

Council Member Holman asked if a Resolution had the same force of law as
an Ordinance and if an Amendment was required to revise a Resolution.

Ms. Silver responded yes.

Council Member Holman remarked that Section 10.50.060(b)(1), should
state 10.50.030 rather than 10.05.030. She requested Staff comment on
language provided by the public speaker.

Ms. Gitelman wanted to follow the language closely but also wanted to
acknowledge that the outreach process and the P&TC review process would
benefit from data collection and analysis omitted from the suggested
language.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the public speaker's concerns
were addressed in Staff's proposed language.

Ms. Gitelman felt Staff's language was more appropriate. It would provide a
more informed discussion.

Council Member Holman requested Staff comment on Mr. Beamer's
statement regarding not introducing commercial parking in neighborhoods
that had not been impacted by commercial parking.

Ms. Gitelman indicated that should be addressed in the Resolution on a
District-by-District basis.  In Downtown, employee parking should be
distributed evenly. That could be true in other areas of the City as well. In
other areas, the Council might not want to allow that.

Council Member Holman suggested "stand" be deleted from Section
10.50.100(a).

Ms. Sullivan concurred.

Council Member Price noted seven or eight months would elapse between
the Planning Director reviewing all applications and presenting Resolutions to
the P&TC. She asked if Staff would need that amount of time.


12/02/2014                                                             116- 170
