                             MINUTES
the Council would not neglect the Gas Department and would return to the
bargaining table.

Lane Pianta, Production Manager for the Palo Alto Children's Theatre, asked
the Council to place the community first. The Children's Theatre's success
was accomplished in spite of understaffing.        He urged the Council to
continue its full support of the Children's Theatre by retaining the full-time
position of costume designer and not replacing it with contract labor.

Jesse Cruz, Electric System Operator, indicated he was the only remaining
Electric System Operator for the City.       Because the City did not pay
competitive wages, it was unable to attract new talent.

Nelson Primeaux, Electric Crew Lead, had never worked in as small a
workforce as at the City. Half his coworkers left or retired from the City.
The City's pay schedule was approximately 20 percent lower than PG&E's
pay schedule, 15 percent lower than Santa Clara, and approximately 5
percent lower than the Turlock Utility District. Large industries would not
tolerate extended outages.

Aaron Miller, Waste Water Treatment Plant Operator, reported the City was
not paying competitive wages for skilled workers. Neighboring agencies paid
approximately 21 percent more than the City of Palo Alto.

Council adjourned into the Closed Session at 6:14 P.M.

The City Council returned from the Closed Sessions at 8:07 P.M., and Mayor
Shepherd announced no reportable action.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.   Appointments for Three Positions on the Storm Drain Oversight
     Committee for Three Year Terms Ending on October 31, 2018 (Terms of
     Clark, Mickelson, and Whaley).

First Round of voting for Storm Drain Oversight Committee for three three-
year terms ending October 31, 2018 (Terms of Clark, Mickelson, and
Whaley):

Voting For Nancy Clark:            Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein,          Kniss,
                                   Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Voting For Mark Harris:            Schmid

Voting For Hal Mickelson:          Berman, Burt, Holman,        Klein,   Kniss,
                                   Price, Scharff, Shepherd

                                   2                      January 13, 2014
