                              MINUTES
Public Hearing and pass a Resolution on behalf of the agency. The City of
Palo Alto had no financial, moral, or legal obligation for the bonds.

Public Hearing opened at 7:45 P.M.

Phyllis Cassel, Stevenson House Board of Directors President, hoped the
Council would pass the Resolution.

Public Hearing closed at 7:45 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to adopt the Resolution approving the issuance of the bonds by the
California Municipal Finance Authority for the benefit of Palo Alto Senior
Housing Project, Inc. Stevenson House LP.

Council Member Holman appreciated Stevenson House's service to the
community in providing affordable housing.  The Stevenson House
commitment was long-term.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the seller of the property.

Lydia Tam, Related Companies of California, indicated the property was
owned by Palo Alto Senior Housing Project (PASHP). PASHP would sell the
building to the new Stevenson House partnership. PASHP would continue to
own the land and ground lease it to the partnership.

Council Member Schmid referenced the City's agreement with the original
owner regarding senior, low-income housing. The Staff Report indicated all
or a portion of the rental units would be rented at low-income rates. He
asked if the City's agreement with the original owner was no longer in force.

Ms. Tam reported the incomes of a few long-time residents had increased
over time. There was no requirement that those residents be asked to
leave, and owners did not wish to displace any current residents. As
residents moved away, Stevenson House would return to compliance with
respect to income.

Council Member Schmid asked if the City's agreement with the original
owner would remain in effect until 2060.

Ms. Tam responded yes.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

20.   PUBLIC HEARING: TEFRA Hearing Regarding Conduit Financing for the
      Stanford Affordable Apartments Project Located at 2450, 2470 AND
      2500 El Camino Real Palo Alto, and Approving the Issuance of Revenue

                                     8                             April 7, 2014
