                      FINAL MINUTES
Nancy Larsen's home was located over the train tracks at the Alma Street
crossing. Train horns sounded many times in traveling four blocks from the
train station to the Alma Street crossing. The Alma Street crossing had
many safety measures that made the use of train horns redundant.

Zouhair Mahboubi presented a petition with 100 signatures supporting a
quiet zone for the Alma Street crossing. The Federal Railway Administration
(FRA) allowed a community to request quiet zones.            Crossings with
supplemental safety measures could qualify as a quiet zone. The Alma
Street crossing would qualify as a quiet zone without major modification.

Douglas Cardwell was often awakened by train noise at the Alma Street
crossing. A quiet zone for the crossing would be worthwhile. More than 92
Caltrain trains crossed Alma Street.

Olivia Borsje shared her experiences with train horn noise at the Alma Street
crossing. The City could leverage current infrastructure to make residents
more comfortable.

James Keene, City Manager, reported Planning Staff was aware of the issue
and had met with residents. They would continue to explore the issue and
report to the Council.

Jim Wang thanked Staff for meeting with him regarding the Boyce Avenue
Case. Staff's behavior was unethical. He would present evidence to the
Council supporting his claims.

Omar Chatty advised that another death occurred the prior week due to
Caltrain trains. This was the 209th fatality since 1995 and the eighth fatality
in 2014. Caltrain was outdated. He requested the Council study a Bay Area
Rapid Transit (BART) alternative to Caltrain. A BART route along the
peninsula would cost approximately the same amount as upgrading Caltrain.

Greg Ward, Parkmatic Car Inc., offered his company's services as a
consultant regarding traffic problems in Downtown.

Olga Miroshnychenko spoke regarding the effects of train noise on people
including a higher rate of suicide.

Lee Talbernach as a civil engineer had worked on Federal Railway
Administration (FRA) noise reduction proposals. It was difficult to secure a
quiet zone designation from the FRA. Staff's time could be better spent on
other issues.



                                                                            Page 7 of 35
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/20/14
