Mr. Ghaemmaghami explained that when the City exchanged the Terman
site for the Cubberley site, the rent paid to PAUSD was reduced by the
amount that was received from Jewish Community Center for the rent of
Terman. The methodology was flawed. The rent should have been reduced
by the amount of rent the City was paying for the 8 acres at Cubberley. The
difference was approximately $543,000. Bringing that amount to today's
value from 2001, the amount would be approximately $1 million.

Council Member Klein asked if that amount was cumulative or annual.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami indicated the $543,000 amount was annual.

Council Member Klein stated the City's lease amount for Cubberley was $4.7
million.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami agreed.

Council Member Klein recalled that the prior Council specifically allowed the
rent to be computed on the lower basis. He inquired whether the rent would
be $4.2 million if it was computed as Mr. Ghaemmaghami indicated.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami believed the rent amount would be in that range.

Mr. Keene felt Council Member Klein's intention was to determine the
rationale for the calculation rather than the specific amount.

Council Member Klein was interested in the parameter of the amount. It
seemed only fair that the City should be charged rent on the same basis as
the entire 35 acres. He asked if there was a reason Staff did not include
that discussion in the Staff Report.

Mr. Keene preferred the Council direct Staff to include that component in
calculations of the future lease and report the amount.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the City and PAUSD had a joint
interest in Cubberley as it benefited the City and PAUSD. The City should
utilize funds from the Covenant not to Develop to invest in the maintenance
of Cubberley facilities.    PAUSD had an interest in the property being
maintained and investments being made in child-related activities. If the
City wanted to search for a tenant to replace Foothill College, then it had to
improve the facility. The City could sign a 20-year lease which would allow
it to make improvements and to charge a higher rental rate. The City had
an interest in developing its 8 acres at Cubberley to provide more activities
than could be housed at the current facilities. He would not support
removing the buy-back option for Ventura unless PAUSD clearly stated it did
not want the site for a school.

02/24/2014                                                             114- 343
