                              MINUTES
inquired about an interactive app for the coordination of street work and
street construction projects.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director, advised the City did not
have an app to view coordination of street projects. The GIS system had a
coordination function for all street projects programmed for the next five
years and all Utilities infrastructure projects for the next five years. Staff
utilized that function along with the Pavement Condition Index (PCI) scores
to determine which streets would be repaved.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt there was a better way, perhaps an interactive means,
for the community to be aware of street work.

Council Member Schmid noted David Taussig and Associates presented the
Development Impact Fee Study at a recent Finance Committee meeting. Mr.
Taussig stated the fee charged residential properties was twice the amount
charged commercial properties. Mr. Taussig also stated commercial office
space did not pay any amount. That implied that residential properties paid
the bulk of Development Impact Fees. Mr. Taussig explained it by saying
traditionally office workers only used half the amount of services as
residents. The Fire Services Utilization Study indicated two-thirds of calls for
fire and emergency medical services (EMS) were received from the
Downtown and California Avenue areas. According to the Police Department
blotter, 75 percent of police calls were received from Downtown, Stanford
Shopping Center, or highways entering Palo Alto. When Staff returned the
following week, it would be helpful for Staff to provide a clear statement that
either Mr. Taussig was wrong about Development Impact Fees or that action
would be taken before the election to reach a notion of fair share in paying
for development.

Council Member Klein did not want Staff to work on that. The chart on page
826 showed clearly the source of funds. Approximately $4 million would be
taken from the Parking In-Lieu Fund, which was the only reference to
Development Impact Fees.        The Committee created a good plan;
Development Impact Fees were not a part of the plan.

Council Member Schmid reported residential properties paid 72 percent of
the property tax and 64 percent of residents paid the sales tax. It was quite
clear that residents were carrying the burden. It would be helpful if Staff
returned with a clear statement about current Development Impact Fee
shares and what they should be.

Mr. Keene recalled that the Council recently had a long discussion of
Development Impact Fees, methodology, issues, and challenges in adjusting
                                                                          Page 14 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 06/09/14
