                             MINUTES

Mr. Polentz clarified that all of those business terms were redacted at Mr.
Garcia's express request.

Council Member Burt asked who wrote the responses in Attachment E.

Mr. Smailey wrote the responses.

Council Member Burt could not determine whether the lease and rent
structure were identical to those provided to and accepted by Mr. Garcia, as
stated in Attachment E. The City Attorney reported she did not review and
approve the rent structure, as stated in Attachment E.

Mr. Polentz had written documentation from Ms. Silver confirming her review
and approval of the form of lease.

Council Member Burt clarified that Mr. Polentz stated form of lease while
Attachment E stated rent structure. Ms. Silver indicated the lease contained
redactions. Among those redactions was the rent structure. The form of the
lease was different from the specifics of the lease.

Mr. Polentz explained that the Condition of Approval was the City Attorney's
approval of the form of lease.

Council Member Burt reiterated that form of lease was not stated in
Attachment E and not what Ms. Silver stated earlier. He inquired about the
basis for a claim of confidentiality regarding market research.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff's charge was to evaluate the proposed
tenant and how it compared in quality and service to JJ&F Market.

Council Member Burt asked if the business plan was part of Staff's
evaluation.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Council Member Burt noted the consultant was not part of the review of the
business plan for market research. He asked if that review was separate
from the business plan.

Ms. Silver indicted the consultant would need to answer that.

Council Member Burt wanted to understand the relationship between the
tenant and the guarantor. The lease terms placed significant weight on the
                                                                       Page 27 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
