                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd reviewed Action Items and their purposes.

ACTION ITEMS

9.   Council Direction on Whether to Submit Utility Users Tax Modernization
     Ordinance to Voters in November 2014 Election.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported Staff was requesting the Council
provide direction regarding inclusion of a Utility Users Tax (UUT)
Modernization Ordinance on the November 2014 ballot.            This was an
opportunity for the Council to revisit the large user discount applied to the
gas, electric, and water portions of the UUT. That could be a part of the
same measure if the Council chose to do so. Voters adopted the UUT in
1987 as a general tax. The UUT applied to gas, electric, water, and
telephone services. The UUT currently provided approximately $11 million
annually, or 7 percent of General Fund revenues. As part of the 1987
campaign, the City and community leaders discussed two primary reasons
for the City to raise additional funds; however, those reasons were not a
part of the UUT language itself. Those two reasons were to fund the
Covenant Not to Develop with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
and various leases; and to fund needed improvements to streets and
sidewalks. The proposed Amendment did not change the purposes of funds
generated by the UUT. The Council stated publicly it wished to use funds
from the Covenant Not to Develop for a different but related purpose: to
maintain and improve Cubberley Community Center. Most jurisdictions with
a telephone tax either recently amended technical aspects of the tax or were
considering doing so. The tax was intended to apply broadly to telephone
services, and it had done that. The changes in telephone technology
outpaced the language of the Ordinance; therefore, the language should be
revised to capture all modern uses of telephone services. Changes in
Federal law put at risk certain parts of the telephone user tax. If voters
adopted the changes, the telephone tax would continue to apply to most
telephone services. The language would be expanded from traditional land
lines to modern technologies. As a practical matter, Staff did not believe
most consumers would experience an increase in their tax amounts. Staff
understood most telephone service companies currently charged the tax to
customers in a fairly broad way. To ensure that continued in the future,
changes needed to be made to the language to make it consistent with
modern practice and law. In 1987 the UUT provided a reduced rate for large
users of gas, electric, and water services. The standard rate was 5 percent
which tiers of 3 percent and 2 percent with increased usage. Currently nine
entities received the benefits of the large user discount, all commercial
accounts. The Council could direct Staff to retain, modify, reduce, or
eliminate the large user discount.
                                                                       Page 15 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 3/24/2014
