    Employees at the Lot CC – Civic Center and Lot CW – Cowper
    Street/Webster Street parking garages; and 6) authorize staff to solicit
    proposals for the installation of parking garage access and revenue
    controls aimed at collecting “real time” data on parking lot and garage
    occupancy, introducing flexibility for transferable permits between
    employees, and to support payment options for downtown visitors who
    park longer than three hours.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
parking supply was one of three related issues. Neighborhood parking
restrictions were discussed on January 27, 2014, and Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) measures were scheduled for discussion on
February 24, 2014. All actions were intended to address traffic and parking
demand resulting from prosperity. Staff asked the Council to accept the
study regarding Downtown parking garages and provided a series of six
recommendations. The first recommendation sought Council authorization
to proceed with design and environmental review of a new parking structure
on Lot G. The second recommendation sought Council authorization to issue
a Request for Qualifications. The third recommendation was related to
pursuit of planning and grant opportunities related to Urban Lane. The
fourth recommendation was related to the design and environmental review
of potential satellite lots served by shuttle service.            The fifth
recommendation sought Council authorization regarding the sale of parking
permits. Staff welcomed public and Council suggestions regarding additional
strategies.

James Keene, City Manager, recognized that alternatives to Staff
recommendations existed. Staff recommendations were based on particular
factors.  Staff was open to Council feedback regarding the
recommendations.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, noted the parking feasibility
study began about a year ago. Staff obtained Council feedback in May 2013.
The study considered five surface parking lots located within the Downtown
core and one lot located along Urban Lane. Six parking structures were
located in the Downtown core, four of which were owned by the City. A total
of 13 surface parking lots were owned by the City. The two parking lots on
Gilman Street were considered as a combined parking structure, which
would yield approximately 166 structured parking spaces over five floors.
Below-grade parking at the site would yield an additional 30 spaces.
Attendant parking at the site would yield an additional 44 spaces. Lot G had
the potential to provide 240 parking spaces for the community. In May
2013, Staff discussed the concept of public-private partnerships to build
garages. Stanford University leased a site for 30-50 years, and then with a
                                                                       Page 13 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
