                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Price inquired whether the process for obtaining a design
exception would emerge in a Phase 2 study.

Mr. Canepa indicated it could.

Council Member Price asked if a direct conversation with Caltrain would
occur.

Mr. Canepa remarked that it could be included in the scope of work. The
purpose of the discussion was to determine next steps.

Council Member Price concurred with the importance of community
engagement.       Engineering drawings should be translated into useful
information for the community. She inquired whether the study included
estimated inflation costs.

Mr. Canepa answered no. He understood the estimator utilized a 3-4
percent annual inflation cost. The study provided current costing.

Council Member Price supported a trench or modified trench as it was the
logical option in terms of cost-benefit. She looked forward to receiving more
information. A major concern would be whether this type of investment was
logical.

Council Member Schmid questioned whether the value of property located
near property taken for a trench would change. He asked if houses located
25 feet, 50 feet, 100 feet, or 200 feet from a house that was taken would
decrease in value.

Mr. Canepa did not know.         He worked with City Staff to determine
approximate estimates.

Council Member Schmid assumed it would be simple to review communities
with underground crossings to determine average property values within set
ranges. That would be a critical point for the community. He inquired
whether Staff had a sense of the cost to return Oregon Expressway to grade
in a 1-percent grade alternative.

Mr. Canepa estimated interchanges at a cost of $15 million.

Council Member Schmid believed returning Oregon Expressway to grade
would have a traffic impact. He assumed raising San Antonio Road several
feet in a 1-percent grade alternative would have a substantial cost.

Mr. Canepa reported that was a partial modification at a cost of $5 million.

                                                                           Page 18 of 35
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 10/20/14
