                             MINUTES
and thus was not a concern.        In both cases, individual projects that
benefited from concessions and bonuses would be subject to individual
review when submitted to the City. The standards contained within the
State Density Bonus Law could not be changed; therefore, the City could not
require more parking than was required under the State Density Bonus Law.
Staff requested the opportunity to respond to public comment at the end of
public comment.

Public Hearing opened at 8:45 P.M.

Stephanie Munoz noted State Senator Hill held a constituent meeting where
a number of people spoke against greater density.          The City had an
obligation to furnish housing for workers. The State's actions with regard to
density were not well thought out. The City wanted additional density as
long as increased density produced revenue. The State needed to change its
language to emphasize low-income housing rather than density.

Robert Moss expressed concern about changes to the CN Zone. The intent
of the CN Zone was to encourage viable retail along El Camino Real. If the
change in allowable density was implemented, the City could lose existing
local retail and the walkable environment. He did not understand the
reasons for increasing housing density at the current time; therefore, he
suggested the Council delay action. If a Developer requested concessions in
a CN Zone, then the building height could be 50 feet. He questioned the
need to densify the CN Zone. He hoped the Council did not approve the
density increase for CN Zones. He did not understand why Staff proposed
more than three concessions in order to obtain affordable housing. He
suggested the Council consider limiting the concessions. Giving concessions
for increased density was a bad idea.

Patricia Saffir urged the Council to approve zoning changes necessary to
implement the Housing Element. Providing needed housing would not ruin
the community.

Susan Fineberg inquired whether the Housing Element, the Area Plan for
California Avenue, and the Downtown Development CAP would be presented
to the public prior to submission of the next Housing Element. The Council
must not continue to make land use decisions and rezoning policies without
being informed by those studies. The Council could adopt an Amendment to
sunset the proposed Ordinance for Item Number 15 at the end of December
2014. She asked the Council to direct Staff to return in February with a
detailed timeline and list of required resources for the 2015-2023 Housing
Element to allow for meaningful public participation.        The proposed
Ordinance for Item Number 16 stated that individual projects would be
subject to CEQA review; therefore, the proposed Ordinance was exempt

                                   8                     January 13, 2014
