                             MINUTES

Staff narrowed proposals to three companies; Harvest Power, Synagrow,
and We Generation/Cambi. The best technology available for processing
biosolids and food was wet anaerobic digestion with a thermal hydrolysis
process. Aerobic composting was the best process for yard trimmings. The
biosolids facilities would be located at the Wastewater Treatment Plant. A
short-term recommendation was to construct a dewatering facility and a
truck off-haul facility to handle emergency situations and to terminate use of
incinerators. A combined heat and power plant would produce energy and
heat from methane gas, both of which could be used onsite or made
available to the City's Utility. Once a dewatering and truck off-haul facility
was constructed, Staff could shut down incinerators and haul material
offsite. That would most likely be Staff's recommendation, but they were
not asking the Council to make that decision at the current time. Wet
anaerobic digestion along with thermal hydrolysis produced methane gas
from biosolids and food scraps. The City could either design and build locally
or utilize an offsite food preprocessor. One technology would not process
yard trimmings along with other feed stocks in one unit. Currently the City
utilized aerobic composting in the Gilroy area.         Staff would perform
additional analysis to determine whether to locate a composting facility on
the Measure E site or outside Palo Alto. Alternative Recommendation
Number One made the most changes; to cancel the current energy compost
RFP and issue a new RFP for Components 2-4. Staff requested the Council
give Staff the authority to proceed with a dewatering and truck off-haul
facility, Component Number One. Use of the flat portion of the Measure E
site for yard trimmings "shall be favored" was an important addition. It was
important for the Council to direct the use of the 3.8-acre site for a yard
trimmings facility; however, the Council could not select the site because no
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) analysis had been performed.
Recommendation Numbers 3 and 4 provided Staff with authority to apply for
a State loan for and to initiate design of Component Number 1. Staff would
provide an updated timeline for the OFP by December 2014. Staff would
engage with partners to ensure partners would support the Biosolids Facility
Plan. In July 2014, pricing of electricity would be presented to the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC). Staff would select a program management
firm to run these projects and other major Capital Improvement Programs
(CIP) of the Wastewater Treatment Plant in September 2014. Staff expected
to retire incinerators in 2018 and demolish them in 2019; to complete
Component Number 2 in 2020-2022; and to complete Component Numbers
3 and 4 in same timeframe.




04/29/2014                                                            114- 523
