                      FINAL MINUTES
a problem. Perhaps landowners would not redevelop their properties if they
were subject to an 18 foot sidewalk.

Ken Weng advised that the planning process had not considered incentives
for property owners or the impact on property owners. Piecemeal changes
to zoning were not logical.

Sal had not redeveloped his properties along El Camino Real because of poor
zoning. Now the Council wanted to make the zoning even worse. The
Council should allow higher density and taller buildings.

Joseph Rezza asked the Council to reject the proposals regarding sidewalks
and FAR. At the meetings he attended, no neighborhood residents had
supported the proposed changes. Reduced FAR, restricted heights, limited
parking access, and a 10 foot setback did not allow property owners to
improve their properties.

Robert Yee advised that widening the sidewalk to 18 feet would make it
more difficult for him to locate a tenant for his building. He requested the
City study parking and building height requirements and the possibility of
utilizing the alleyway.

Ben Cintz believed the proposed Ordinance adversely impacted small
property owners by replacing the build-to line with a setback requirement.
The City could simply remove the build-to-line requirement.

Robert Moss stated the Council should review the entire aspect of the El
Camino Real Design Guidelines. Everyone involved with El Camino Real
should form a committee to prepare a vision for El Camino Real. The Council
should reduce the intensity of use in CN Zones.

Herb Borock questioned whether sidewalks would be widened for public or
private use. Changing CN Zones would affect the State's review of the
updated Housing Element.

Stephanie Munoz did not believe people would ever walk along El Camino
Real.

Simon Cintz indicated the Grand Boulevard plan would hurt small,
independent businesses along much of El Camino Real. Proposed changes
would make small businesses less visible to vehicle traffic. Small businesses
could not depend on foot traffic for success.


                                                                          Page 11 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
