Council Member Burt believed Staff would receive additional input from
Council Members on related issues that would inform direction regarding a
parking garage. He recommended Staff determine outreach methods to
obtain feedback. There was a sense of urgency to proceed; however, the
Council had to vet concepts better.

Council Member Klein agreed that a parking garage was a major decision for
the community. He expressed concern that a parking structure at Lot D
would provide more spaces than needed; thus, the City would spend more
money than needed.         Implementing solutions simultaneously was not
possible. He inquired whether 18 months would elapse between Council
direction to Staff and Staff having plans in place for a garage.

Mr. Keene replied yes.

Council Member Klein reported in that time, the City would obtain more
information regarding the success of RPP Programs, TDM strategies, and
satellite parking. Should a parking garage not be needed, the expenditure
of $1.5 million for plans would not be a waste of funds. The Infrastructure
Committee would recommend one parking structure at a cost of
approximately $12 million.       Funding of infrastructure projects would
ultimately depend on the amount the Council decided to spend for a parking
garage. The size of a parking structure could not be determined in isolation.

Council Member Schmid especially liked the idea of investigating the number
of parking spaces needed. Attachment D did not provide the amount of the
current deficit. Using 3.5 million square feet of office space in Downtown
and the number of available parking spaces, he calculated a deficit of 6,000
parking spaces. Knowing the amount of the deficit and who was responsible
for it was important. He questioned who would own, control, and be
responsible for a new parking garage, and who would allocate parking
spaces within the garage.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff had not considered who would build and own a
new garage, because financing options were a factor in those decisions.

Council Member Schmid asked if the use of in-lieu parking fees would create
legal constraints on who controlled the spaces.

Ms. Gitelman replied no, that would be part of the funding strategy. She
inquired whether Council Member Schmid thought the parking deficit was
4,000-6,000 spaces.



                                                                       Page 25 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
