                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene interpreted Council Member Scharff's comments as a preference
to move away from the Comprehensive Plan process and toward a list of
near-term items. However, the Motion seemed to direct Staff to continue
with the Comprehensive Plan Update process. None of this appeared to
work toward the goal of short-term triage issues not on Staff's existing list.

Council Member Scharff understood Ms. Gitelman to indicate the Council
should continue with the Comprehensive Plan Update while prioritizing other
issues.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff provide the status of TDM and RPP
Programs.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff prioritized near-term initiatives as actions under
the Our Palo Alto framework. Staff was working on an RPP Program
intensively with a group of stakeholders with the intention of meeting the
Council's expectation to review and approve an implementation plan by the
end of 2014. Staff was working on retaining the services of a consultant for
a TDM Program, and Council approval of a consultant contract was scheduled
on the Consent Calendar the following week. The consultant would begin
the process of convening people who would be involved in a Transportation
Management Association (TMA). Staff presented Phase 1 of a shuttle
expansion program and would return in September 2014 with Phase 2 for
Council analysis. Satellite parking was on the PTC's Agenda the following
week.

Mr. Keene was hearing a desire to put aside the Comprehensive Plan Update
for now and to refocus on TDM, satellite parking, PC timeout, shuttles, RPP,
garages, deployment of new technology, expansion of bike/pedestrian plans,
and some zoning changes. Public input was not clear whether those items
were making a difference. Some minor tweaking of zoning could provide a
high return; however, the Council needed to state what those tweaks should
be.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Price would support continuing with alternatives, scoping,
and input. Additional input could be provided as a program EIR proceeded.
The timing of projects mentioned by the City Manager would fold into the
timeline of the Comprehensive Plan Update. The proposed alternatives were
reasonable as a beginning point. Staff should study all of them. Smart and
strategic growth in commercial space, jobs, and housing was needed if Palo
Alto was to remain competitive in the global community.


                                                                        Page 15 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
