                                MINUTES
Walter Rossmann, Director of Office of Management and Budget, reported
Staff was moving towards a performance-based budgeting process which
would associate performance measures with actions. Budget proposals
contained details and some performance results. The base budget was the
existing service level from 2014 rolled over at the new costs. In August
2014, Staff proposed issuing a Budget in Brief. The overarching design of
the Budget book was associated with the Long Range Financial Forecast.
Public art was utilized for divider pages. For large departments such as
Utilities and Public Works, the Budget Summary Overview indicated the total
dollars for which the department was responsible. Staff reviewed best
practices and performance measures to ensure performance measures were
explicit and well written. Performance results were grouped by quality, cost,
cycle time, and customer satisfaction. Staff included accomplishments in
current and prior fiscal years and initiatives looking forward. Healthcare cost
adjustments and pension costs adjustments were totaled to provide the
dollar amount change. Allocated charges from Internal Service Funds were
shown as a line item. Some revenues were recognized as base budget items
and contained within the Proposed Budget. Vacancy savings were allocated
to each department, and department budgets were adjusted for anticipated
vacancy savings. The Proposed Budget also contained brief explanations for
increased staffing. In 2016 with implementation of new publication software
for the Capital Budget, Staff would redesign the Capital Budget document.

Council Member Klein did not understand the total dollars by fund and asked
how that compared with General Fund spending.

Mr. Rossmann reported the amount shown was the overview dollars which
were allocated to the Public Works Department.

Mr. Keene added that total dollars was shown for every department. It was
not labeled as such.

Council Member Price inquired about relationships between performance
measures and the Service Efforts and Accomplishments (SEA) document.

Mr. Rossmann explained that Staff took the language from the SEA report,
made sure it was consistent with workload measures, and then updated the
actuals with the SEA for two years. Where appropriate, Staff updated the
adopted number. Next Staff reviewed department projections for workload
in the following fiscal year.

Council Member Price asked if Staff estimated additional revenue based on
increased use of Emergency Medical Services (EMS).


05/06/2014                                                             114- 589
