                      FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Hackmann explained that under the 1/4 cent proposal, approximately
one-third of funds would be dedicated to BART, one-third to highway
improvements, and one-third to other projects including $500 million to
Caltrain. Increasing the 1/4 cent to 3/8 cent would generate approximately
$1.75 billion for Caltrain.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the one-third funding dedicated to
BART would achieve the extension to Diridon.

Mr. Hackmann answered yes.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood the first $1.3 billion was dedicated to BART in
order to complete the process. The one-third division of funds would occur
after $1.3 billion was collected. The proposal provided funding to BART first
and Caltrain second.

Council Member Scharff clarified that a third of funds would support
highways and other projects.

James Keene, City Manager, noted the proposed Amendment would virtually
exclude funding for projects other than BART and Caltrain.

Council Member Burt stated the Council could determine a follow-up position
depending on SVLG's response to the City's recommendation. Approval of
the City's recommendation would be transformative for Caltrain.

Council Member Klein indicated the Amendment was a poor negotiating
tactic. BART improvements were the motivation behind SVLG's proposed
sales tax increase. The proposed formula would not provide the $1.3 billion
needed for BART to be completed.

Council Member Schmid explained that the intention of the Amendment was
to propose some type of equal funding for BART and Caltrain, perhaps $800
million each. The goal was to outline that Caltrain was as important for
ridership as the extension of BART. The proposed Amendment was a good
opening to a discussion and clearly indicated the interests of north Santa
Clara County.

Council Member Scharff commented that the issue was not only Caltrain and
BART. The preliminary poll reported high support for increased transit
services for seniors and disabled, walking and biking, street maintenance
and pothole repair, and easing congestion on all eight expressways. The
proposed Amendment would provide no money for these other items that
polled extremely well, better even than BART and Caltrain polled.


                                                                            Page 3 of 14
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 06/04/14
