                      FINAL MINUTES
when HSRAP received 1 percent of the overall Budget, the City had identified
other significant additional obligations. The obligation the City voluntarily
assumed for the HSRAP process should be reexamined. With the addition of
the $250,000 allocation for homelessness, the HSRAP Budget amount
exceeded 1 percent of the overall City Budget. The Council needed to
reexamine HSRAP funding given that social welfare was not one of the City's
primary obligations. The Council should direct the HRC and the Finance
Committee to take a deeper look at the HSRAP process and where it should
go.

Council Member Berman was intrigued by the idea of a rainy day fund. It
was made more complicated by the Council's removal of PACCC and
Avenidas from HSRAP funding. He inquired whether a reserve fund could be
created for PACCC and Avenidas.

Mr. Keene replied yes. With two agencies, the Council would have a
tendency to consider it as default funding.

Council Member Berman believed the purpose of the rainy day fund would be
funding during an economic downturn. Perhaps it could be defined for senior
and child services rather than for organizations.

Mr. Keene reported the Council could establish a sinking fund for the future,
to be used to fill the gap if allocated funding fell short.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to replace Number 2 in the Motion with: “not to exceed $31,620 for
both the two-year and six-year agencies for FY 2015.”

Council Member Berman explained that $31,620 was 2.6 percent of the total
budget of $1.216 million, which included both PACCC and Avenidas.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if the $31,620 amount would override the $200,000
amount.

Council Member Berman stated the Amendment would replace Number 2 in
the Motion. The Amendment did not offer $200,000, but a 2.6 percent
increase. He was not comfortable with the $200,000 amount. A decision to
provide additional funding should be strategic. He was comfortable altering
contract amounts mid-term. Additional funding should be given to PACCC
and Avenidas, because the 2.6 percent amount was based on an amount
which included both PACCC and Avenidas. This amount was reasonable for
the City's Budget. The Council should have a future discussion about a rainy
day fund.

                                                                          Page 14 of 29
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
