                     FINAL MINUTES
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member Schmid to keep Avenidas and Palo Alto Community Child
Care (PACCC) in the Human Services Resource Allocation Process.

Council Member Holman explained that Avenidas and PACCC were
recognized as different from other agencies in that they submitted a Request
for Proposal (RFP) every six years.       She referenced Human Relations
Commissioner Bacchetti's remarks regarding competition for budget
increases.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the City had a limited Budget for
human services.    The Council identified a Commission to review and
recommend funding for HSRAP to allow the Council to consider additional
funding for human services.

Council Member Scharff requested Ms. O'Nan comment on the HRC's
recommendation.

Jill O’Nan, Human Relations Commission Chair, believed all agencies would
benefit from Avenidas and PACCC remaining within HSRAP to work through
funding issues. The HRC did not intend to foster agency competition for
funding. It was difficult for the HRC to address new and emerging needs
without reducing agency funding. The HRC recommendation attempted to
protect Avenidas and PACCC.

Council Member Scharff felt the HRC recommendation met PACCC's and
Avenidas' concerns. The Council should honor the HRC's work.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add the HRC
recommendations identified on Packet Page 274: 1) Avenidas and PACCC
will be assured that their HSRAP funding will not be cut in order to fund
reallocations to other HSRAP grantees; 2) when the Council determines
annual adjustments to reflect the increased costs of doing business in the
nonprofit sector, Avenidas and PACCC will be assured their proportional
shares; 3) when the Council makes an incremental allocation over and above
any annual adjustment, the HRC will recommend redistribution of those
funds according to its assessment of human service needs at that time.
Incremental allocations will be recommended according to a review covering
all HSRAP recipients (including Avenidas and PACCC) and new applicants;
and 4) in the case of budget reductions set by the Council and staff,
Avenidas and PACCC will bear their proportional share, but no more, in the
HRC’S recommendations.

                                                                          Page 25 of 26
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 5/12/13
