                           MINUTES
Council Member Klein liked the idea of street stalls for engagement. Staff
should invite people to apply for the Community Leadership Group. Staff
needed to consider outreach to churches, businesses, Chamber of
Commerce, Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA), Jewish Community
Center (JCC), homeowner associations, Parent Teacher Associations (PTA),
Avenidas, and other senior organizations. Current members of Boards and
Commissions should not be considered for the leadership group so that new
people could participate.

Council Member Burt supported comments made by Council Members Price
and Klein. Many aspects of outreach would apply to community meetings.
He suggested notices be placed in libraries, school entrances, and train
stations. Typically alternates became members of the group whether or not
a member dropped out. A fourth objective for engagement should be to
educate the community with objective information. The Staff Report did not
mention a balancing of stakeholder perspectives for the Community
Leadership Group. At the initial social event, he suggested Staff solicit
recommendations from former Comprehensive Plan Advisory Committee
(CPAC) members regarding engagement that was and was not effective in
developing the existing Comprehensive Plan as well as request written
comments from former CPAC members.

Council Member Holman concurred with the suggestion for Council Members
to submit names for the leadership group. She interpreted the purpose of
the group as outreach rather than leadership and suggested the name not
include the word "leadership." The group should have a good balance of
residents compared to businesses and service organizations. Pages 2 and 3
of the Community Engagement Plan mentioned use of P&TC
recommendations for a starting place. The appropriate starting place was
the existing Comprehensive Plan. With respect to the community group
becoming experts on the Comprehensive Plan, members with no experience
on Boards and Commissions would not become experts in the timeframe
proposed. Proposed questions for alternative futures seemed to direct
responses toward redevelopment. The City needed a working group or task
force to work with the consultant in coalescing community comments.

Council Member Schmid supported Council Member Holman's comments
regarding use of the word "leadership" in the name of the group. Having an
appointed group become "leaders" was slightly wrong.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff proposed "leadership," because they wanted
busy, connected people to apply for the group. The group should sound
important, and applicants should know the group was valuable. Of course
Staff would accept alternate suggestions.


05/05/2014                                                        114- 582
