Council took a break at 7:57 P.M. and reconvened at 8:09 P.M.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

James Keene, City Manager, reported Agenda Item Numbers 4 and 6 would
be removed from the Agenda and heard at a later date. Agenda Item
Number 2 was continued to February 24, 2014 at Staff’s request.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced that Planning Staff released a
consultant report the prior week related to the storage and handling of
hazardous waste at the CPI site. Staff scheduled a public meeting for
February 20, 2014. In honor of Fire Prevention Week, the Palo Alto Fire
Department was hosting a Youth Fire Safety Poster Contest. Later in the
week, the Palo Alto Fire Department, the Santa Clara County Fire Chief's
Association, and El Camino Hospital would announce countywide deployment
of the Pulse Point Citizen Responder app.      Palo Alto ranked seventh
nationwide for the highest number of solar systems installed per utility
customer. The State of the City address would be held February 11, 2014 at
the Lucie Stern ballroom.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price reported the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) Board was asked to participate in a friend of the court brief
on behalf of the Caltrain Modernization Program. If she failed to support
Caltrain, it would cast serious doubt on her personal credibility for any sort
of position of influence with Caltrain. To be as effective as possible in
representing the City of Palo Alto and the north county cities, she exercised
her best judgment by supporting Caltrain and VTA on protecting
modernization funding for Caltrain.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Wynn Grcich stated Stanford University had a contract to spray chemtrails,
which were toxic to humans. She also spoke regarding global warming and
genetically modified food.

Omar Chatty felt the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) vote
to support the amicus brief was inappropriate. Council Member Price did not
vote on the Motion to override the Brown Act review period; however, she
voted to support the amicus brief. Palo Alto should not have supported the
amicus brief and should not support the blended system.
                                                                        Page 10 of 37
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 2/10/14
