Mr. Boussina reported Staff reviewed questions internally and discussed
customized questions with Departments. Staff could discuss with NRC any
particular concerns or level of granularity that might be desirable.

2.   City of Palo Alto FY 2013 Performance Report (formerly the Service
     Efforts and Accomplishments Report) and Citizen Centric Report.

Houman Boussina, Acting City Auditor, indicated the Performance Report
provided background on spending, staffing and workload, multiyear
historical comparisons, and comparisons to other cities. It was designed for
use by elected officials, management, and the public, and covered Fiscal
Year 2013. Methodology was set by the Government Accounting Standards
Board and the Association of Government Accountants. The Performance
Report did not comprise a complete set of performance measures.
Population figures were the most recent estimates from the California
Department of Finance and other sources including the U.S. Census Bureau.
Financial data was not adjusted for inflation; however, background
information included Consumer Price Index (CPI) information. Some tables
and graphs might not add up to 100 percent; however, the percent change
was based on underlying numbers, not the rounded numbers. Comparisons
to nearby California cities were provided where available. With respect to
comparisons, he cautioned the Council to remember that cities provided
different levels of services and categorized expenditures in different ways.
The purpose of the Performance Report was to supplement other key City
reports including the Annual Budget and the Comprehensive Annual Financial
Report. The Performance Report could help focus efforts on the most
significant areas of interest or concern.          A brief explanation of
internal/external factors that might affect performance results was included
when possible. The Performance Report did not thoroughly analyze the
causes of negative or positive performance.        Departments utilized the
Performance Report for a variety of purposes. Copies of the Performance
Report were available from the City Auditor's Office and from the City's
website.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to table this item to after Special Orders of the Day on the Agenda.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

The Council adjourned to the Public Improvement Corporation Board
meeting at 7:03 P.M. and reconvened as the City Council at 7:10 P.M.




                                                                       Page 6 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 03/17/14
