                      FINAL MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the west route would reduce the number
of car trips.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the west route would introduce a shuttle route
specific to Palo Alto High School in an attempt to reduce auto trips within the
community. The west route would act as a commuter express shuttle in the
morning rush hour. It would provide new service from Shoreline Business
Park to a Caltrain Station. After the morning rush hour, shuttles would
travel within the Palo Alto community. During the evening rush hour,
commuter express routes would operate again. The west route would
reduce the number of car trips in the region as well as in Palo Alto.

Mayor Shepherd was interested in demonstrating the number of reduced car
trips resulting from the new route. She inquired whether Staff expected
funding from businesses to wholly or partially fund shuttle service.

Mr. Rodriguez wanted to obtain a 50 percent subsidy of the overall cost of a
route. Two shuttles would be necessary for the west route in order to
reduce the headway of 1 hour 20 minutes, which was not attractive to
riders.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff would approach the Jewish Community Center
(JCC) and Loral/SSL for a financial contribution to the shuttle program.

Mr. Rodriguez had already approached the JCC and Palo Alto Medical
Foundation. He had not approached Loral/SSL. Staff wished to obtain
Council direction before approaching additional businesses.

Mayor Shepherd reiterated her desire to demonstrate the number of trip
reductions resulting from use of the shuttle. Focusing on the student
population could significantly change the driving experience for residents.
She inquired whether Staff had set the stops along the west route. Perhaps
another stop could be located between California Avenue and Town and
Country.

Mr. Rodriguez had not set the stops. Staff requested Council input regarding
additional stops.

Mayor Shepherd felt the operating hours of the trolley should be expanded
so as not to strand riders.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, advised that a typical Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) survey could provide data regarding individuals
who did not utilize public transit. She suggested Staff consider ways to
reduce the 15-minute wait times on the Embarcadero route to encourage
                                                                         Page 15 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
