                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman reported Staff had been working on baseline data sections of
the EIR. Within 30 days, Staff could release those sections. It would consist
of data regarding existing conditions in each subject area of an EIR as well
as a summary of the regulatory regime affecting each subject area. Rather
than drafting a list of data that could be provided, Staff could release that
baseline data.

Council Member Burt       requested   assistance   with   wording    "menu         for
consideration of data."

Ms. Gitelman offered "baseline data regarding environmental issues to be
considered in the EIR."

Council Member Klein deleted Number 4.

Mayor Shepherd reiterated her request to the City Attorney.

Ms. Stump reported the Council could provide direction to set future
Agendas.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the data would be critical prior to
proceeding with the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Council Member Klein replied yes.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Members Burt or Klein wished to provide
additional direction regarding potential items for a fast track.

Council Member Burt responded no.

Ms. Gitelman was confused by Number 2, suggestions on a revised breadth
and scope of the Comprehensive Plan Update. The Council received Staff's
suggestions in the current discussion and had a number of concerns. She
requested specificity as to information Staff should provide.

Council Member Klein was deliberately vague in the language. If Staff did
not have any suggestions, then they should state they wanted to leave it as
is and the Council could struggle with Staff's proposals.

Mr. Keene recommended the Council have a great deal of tolerance for
Staff's interpretation of alternative breadths and scopes or time periods.
The Council could decide to work with the Zoning Map and have a different
schedule for the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Klein concurred.

                                                                           Page 22 of 25
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                       Minutes 08/06/14
