                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Holman noted Fund Number 471 included long range CCTV
cameras. Her concern was the MSC Facilities Study portion of Fund Number
471.

Mr. Keene hoped the Council would carry over Fund Number 471 and
approve the remaining items.

Council Member Scharff indicated that was the intent of the Motion.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that the Council would vote to approve all items
except Fund Number 471.

Council Member Holman requested Staff provide information regarding the
process to authorize an expenditure of funds.

Council Member Scharff felt the Council would be prudent to consider the
item more closely.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

STUDY SESSION

12.   Palo Alto Grade Separation and Trenching Study.

Mayor Shepherd recalled that the Council approved Phase 1 of the study.
The study considered whether grade separation was possible and how it
could be done. The Caltrain electrification Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) was in process. By 2019, Caltrain could schedule six trains per hour
each way during commute hours. Due to the increased number of trains and
recovery times, traffic would not flow freely through Palo Alto during
commute hours.

Richard Hackmann, Management Specialist, reported on November 4, 2013,
the Council authorized Phase 1 of the Grade Separation and Trenching Study
and directed Staff to focus specifically on Churchill Avenue, Meadow Drive,
and Charleston Road at-grade crossings. Findings in the report included
estimated costs and property takings for each proposed alternative. To
allow for additional review, the packet was released on October 9, 2014.
Staff prepared an addendum to the City Manager Report (CMR) to respond
to feedback, which was released October 15, 2014.             The study was
undertaken to address the issue of reducing traffic on local roads. Staff felt
that could be accomplished by improving cross-corridor transportation links
for vehicles, pedestrians, and bicycles and by allowing for increased capacity
in the Caltrain corridor.


                                                                          Page 11 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
