                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid was struck that MIG's goal was engagement, but it
did not appear to be engaging the City Council. MIG would spend the next
ten months gathering data. Within that ten months, MIG would make many
decisions regarding criteria and selection of data, which would impact
priorities.

Ms. Schmitt hoped to return to the Council prior to ten months' time. Staff
and MIG planned three check-ins with the Council. MIG could return to the
Council more frequently. Mr. Betts would provide periodic updates and
request feedback.

Council Member Schmid indicated a meeting with the City Council appeared
in the schedule for January 2015. MIG should return to the Council in mid-
summer to discuss criteria.

Ms. Schmitt felt one of the key points for checking-in with the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC) and the Council concerned the needs
assessment. MIG would check-in with PARC as they designed the needs
assessment after some initial public engagement. Before finalizing the
needs assessment, MIG intended to check-in with the Council.

Council Member Schmid felt data gathering was important. Rather than
return to the Council with the final selection of data, MIG should return while
in the process of selecting data.

Ms. Schmitt would work with Staff to ensure she met the level of
engagement requested by the Council.

Council Member Holman noted the last paragraph on page 6 should refer to
the draft Comprehensive Plan. The Master Plan should look 50-100 years in
the future. The City could miss an opportunity if it did not plan that far out.
The Mid-Peninsula Regional Open Space District (MROSD) proposed an
initiative on the next ballot regarding habitat connectivity to accommodate
migration. Perhaps Staff could coordinate habitat connectivity with trails. It
was important for the Council, Boards, and Commissions to receive input
directly from the stakeholder group. The City owned some abandoned well
sites that could be considered for pocket parks or land swaps. Open space
and natural areas should have that type of design, i.e., signage and parking
stripes. Cubberley and school sites were not dedicated parkland; thus, the
City had no control over those sites or Stanford lands. The City should plan
for the future based on sites over which it had control.

Council Member Berman agreed it would be difficult to identify additional
parkland. Better utilization of existing parks could provide the same result.

                                                                          Page 5 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/24/2014
