                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman indicated the Downtown CAP Study was on Staff's work plan.

Council Member Holman requested Staff include California Avenue
protections with the Downtown CAP Study. If California Avenue protections
were part of Number 4, they could occur much slower.

Mr. Keene noted formula retail zoning was not in the direction to Staff. If
protections for California Avenue were not contained in the work plan, then
they could fall under Number 4.

Council Member Holman recommended Staff become involved in adjacent
communities' EIR processes. Zoning rather than the Comprehensive Plan
was out of date. Frequently the public commented that projects did not
have to be consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. She inquired whether
projects had to be consistent with the Comprehensive Plan.

Ms. Stump reported the City utilized two defenses to a lawsuit claiming that
the Council approved a project that was not consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan. The first defense was that an approved project was
consistent with the Comprehensive Plan, because of the City's policy to
approve projects consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. Someone who did
not favor the project could find some element of the Comprehensive Plan
that was in tension with the project. No doubt the Council considered that,
harmonized the various provisions as required by law, and passed a project
consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. The second defense was the City
was not legally required to have consistency, because the City was a Charter
City. The City had a good record of approving projects consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Holman reiterated that the City was not required to follow
the Comprehensive Plan; however, she asked if the City should follow the
Comprehensive Plan.

Ms. Stump advised that consistency with the Comprehensive Plan was the
conduct of the City.

Mr. Keene explained that as a Charter City, the City of Palo Alto did not have
a requirement to be consistent. The City had the freedom to set standards
higher than those imposed by the State.

Ms. Stump clarified that the legal defense allowed the City to state that a
Judge should not second guess the Council's determination that the project
was consistent with the Comprehensive Plan. If the Council was interested
in not asserting the defense, it should be discussed in another forum.

                                                                        Page 24 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
