                   CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                              MINUTES


                                                             Special Meeting
                                                             March 17, 2014


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:09 P.M.

Mayor Shepherd announced the Study Session would be heard at 6:00 P.M.
If the Study Session was not completed by 7:00 P.M., it would be tabled in
order to convene the Public Improvement Corporation Board Meeting.
Following adjournment of the Public Improvement Corporation Board
Meeting, the Council would hear Item Numbers 3 and 4 and then the Study
Session if it was not completed earlier.

Present:   Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Scharff arrived at 6:14 P.M.,
           Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:    Price

STUDY SESSION

1.   The National Citizen Survey 2013.

Houman Boussina, Acting City Auditor, reported the 11th annual National
Citizen Survey was conducted by the National Research Center (NRC) in
coordination with the International City/County Management Association
(ICMA). Surveys were mailed to 1,200 Palo Alto households in August 2013,
of which 337 surveys or 29 percent were returned.            NRC gathered
information from approximately 500 local jurisdictions for benchmarking
purposes. The National Citizen Survey was comprised of four components:
a report of survey results, a benchmark report, a geographic subgroup
comparisons report, and a trend report. The NRC utilized a GIS software
system to track the locations where surveys were mailed. The north-south
boundary for geographic comparisons of Palo Alto was Page Mill Road or
Oregon Expressway. According to the NRC, the overall quality of community
life could be the best indicator of success in providing natural ambience,
services, and amenities that made a community attractive. The overall
community quality measures were overall quality of life in Palo Alto;
neighborhood as a place to live; Palo Alto as a place to live; recommend
living in Palo Alto to someone who asks; and remain in Palo Alto for the next
five years. For most of the measures, residents rated Palo Alto very highly.

                                   1                      March 17, 2014
