                             MINUTES
Mr. Polentz did not wish to speak for Mr. Smailey. Mr. Smailey believed a
grocery store was a required component of the project. Given the location
and the orientation of the store, the likelihood of a successful grocery store
was high. Mr. Smailey was convinced a grocery store would succeed.

Council Member Berman inquired about Mr. Smailey's reasons for wanting to
operate a grocery store.

Mr. James Smailey explained that he contacted people he knew in the
grocery industry to take over the store from JJ&F Market. However, no one
was willing to operate a grocery store at the site, even after the building was
rebuilt. He did not want to open a grocery store and watch it fail. He did
not know the grocery business, but he knew customer service.

Council Member Berman inquired whether periodic monitoring of goods and
services was required under the PC Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff would consider monitoring the quality of
goods and services. Provisions of the PC Ordinance would help Staff monitor
and enforce a better outcome.

Ms. Silver indicated the PC Ordinance required the Council to make an initial
finding of comparable quality of goods and services. The Condition of
Approval did not require goods and services remain static. The Condition of
Approval did require continuous operation of a neighborhood-serving grocery
store.

Council Member Berman was concerned that goods and services would
diminish as time passed.

Council Member Burt inquired about consequences for J&A Family Market
allowing the quality of goods and services to deteriorate.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff would not monitor the quality of goods and
services but the continuous operation of the store.

Council Member Burt stated monitoring would have no value under the
existing PC Ordinance.

Mr. Keene did not believe the Council had begun a discussion of
consequences for failing to meet standards.

Council Member Burt believed the current PC Ordinance did not provide
explicit ramifications for deterioration of goods and services or lack of
                                                                         Page 25 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/11/14
