                     FINAL MINUTES
the South El Camino Design Guidelines and in the context of the Grand
Boulevard Initiative. These were design standards that the Council should
incorporate.

Council Member Burt remarked that the Guidelines had been vetted. They
were guidelines rather than standards. The Amendment requested Staff to
convert the Guidelines into details. The Guidelines would address many of
the concerns expressed by colleagues. This was probably the most valuable
action the Council could take to address concerns.

Ms. Gitelman reported sections in the current Ordinance were derived from
the South El Camino Design Guidelines. The Guidelines included "shall" and
were interpretive. It would be helpful for Staff to understand how much
farther they should go from the "shall" statements. She questioned whether
Staff should quantify them in a table form or edit and refresh the existing
diagrams and text.

Council Member Burt stated the Ordinance did not contain such statements.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the Code contained diagrams and concepts drawn
from the South El Camino Design Guidelines.         The Guidelines were
recommended in 2002. In 2005 the Council incorporated quite a few of
them into the Code.

Council Member Holman commented that the Ordinance was not nearly as
specific as the Guidelines. The Ordinance was much more general and did
not enforce design elements described in the Guidelines.

Ms. French referred to packet page 542 which contained the exact wording
from the Guidelines. The issue appeared to be the manner in which the
Ordinance incorporated Guidelines.

Council Member Holman agreed. Staff was not interpreting the Code in
order to deliver buildings that reflected the Guidelines.

Ms. French remarked that sometimes interpretations had to consider land
use.

Council Member Holman stated projects were approved without following the
Guidelines because Staff indicated they were just guidelines.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Members had copies of Sections 1.A and
4.3.

                                                                        Page 19 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
