                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt disagreed with “modifying” the definition of building
envelope, and said the question was whether the Council agreed with Staff’s
interpretation. He wondered if Staff’s interpretation about the FAR was
correct, and if it was possible to move basement area above ground, as long
as it did not break the daylight plane or change the height.

Mr. McClure said yes.

Council Member Burt made a parallel with projects that might raise issues
with other downtown patterns. He wondered if Staff meant the basement
space could be moved above ground, and not change the building envelope.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Council Member Burt remarked that did not pass common sense definition.
The Municipal Code listed the series of the footprints, the height, the length,
the building envelope, and any other increase in size of the building. Staff’s
interpretation was that the size of the facility was not what was above
ground, it was above and below ground, it was exchangeable, even if the
space was moved from above or below ground.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that Staff was equating size to square footage, and
were clear that there were two interpretations.

Council Member Burt explained that when size was equated with square
footage it meant that what was below ground was equal to what was above
ground. The basement was used as storage and allowed space to be
converted to above ground office. The space was then converted to floor
area below ground, and became exempt from the floor area calculation when
it was turned into parking spaces. There was 6,000 additional square feet
placed above ground and the current Municipal Code called for four parking
spaces per thousand square feet. This required an increase of 24 spaces
above ground and nine more spaces below ground.

Ms. Gitelman agreed that how the basement was occupied was a factor and
said the space was counted as assessed floor area space when the Parking
Assessment District was established.

Council Member Burt remarked that the claim on the physical impact was
reasonable but that meant increased parking deficit. This project had merit
because it provided rehabilitation but he did not understand how Staff’s
interpretation was used.

06/23/2014                                                        115- 201
