Council Member Burt reiterated that a number of projects had changed since
the Finance Committee reviewed DIF. Returning the item to the Finance
Committee would not require a great deal of Staff time. He wished to move
the item forward rapidly and integrate the study with changes made in
infrastructure planning.

Council Member Scharff felt a more thorough vetting by the Finance
Committee would be productive and would save time.

Mr. Keene reported returning the item to the Finance Committee would
require some direction to Staff. Staff and DTA could continue with the
rational nexus component.     Staff could work more quickly with clear
direction from the Council about specific gaps in the capital facilities needs
plan.

Council Member Klein was aghast that the Finance Committee would require
six months to vet the item. He requested Council Member Burt amend the
Substitute Motion to indicate the Finance Committee would provide a
recommendation to the Council, hopefully on the Consent Calendar, within
60 days.

Council Member Burt felt 90 days would be reasonable.

Council Member Klein wished the Finance Committee would complete its
review prior to beginning Budget hearings. Perhaps the Finance Committee
could provide a recommendation by May 15, 2014.

Council Member Burt requested the City Manager comment.

Council Member Klein suggested the Finance Committee would have more
work than Staff would have in vetting the item.

Council Member Burt noted Staff needed to reflect changes made by the
Infrastructure Committee, input from the Finance Committee, and input
from the Council discussion.

Council Member Klein agreed to the item returning to the Council in three
months, by the Council's first meeting in June.

Council Member Burt concurred. The item might be imperfect at that time,
but it would be more contemporary.

Council Member Scharff preferred to wait for work to be complete than to
have imperfect information. He questioned whether the item should return
on the Consent Calendar.

                                                                        Page 19 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/03/14
