      CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                      FINAL MINUTES

                                                            Regular Meeting
                                                            January 6, 2014

The Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council Chambers
at 7:28 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
           Shepherd

Absent:


Mayor Scharff recognized the presence of Santa Clara County Supervisor Joe
Simitian, Cory Wolback from Senator Jerry Hill’s office, Jeremy Dennis from
Assemblyman Rich Gordon’s office, former Mayor Sid Espinosa, former Mayor
Lanie Wheeler, former Mayor Peter Drekmeier, former Mayor Jean McCown, former
City of Campbell Mayor and Council Member Evan Low, Cupertino Mayor Gilbert
Wong, Menlo Park Council Member Kirsten Keith, Palo Alto Unified School District
Member Camille Townsend, and many City of Palo Alto Boards and Commissions
members.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.   2013 Year in Review (Continued from December 16, 2013).

James Keene, City Manager reviewed the accomplishments of the Council for
2013. Since the recession in 2010, Hotel Occupancy rates rose 85 percent
in 2014, Hotel Revenues rose by 76 percent, home sale values went up by
an average of 46 percent, and the Property Transfer Tax increased at an
annual growth rate of 19 percent. Recent office space in the downtown area
sold for about $900-$1,100 per square foot, while assessed values for
residential and commercial properties rose by 16.4 percent. As a result,
there was increased traffic, neighborhood parking impacts, changes, and
sense of loss; additionally, some not living in Palo Alto had the chance to
build a business. Contrasting business, jobs, and work with neighborhoods
and homes, there was opportunity, gain, stress, and loss. According to the
National Citizens Survey conducted in August of 2013, Palo Alto rated
excellent or good. Approximately 89 percent of the respondents rated living
in Palo Alto as excellent or good. Palo Alto neighborhoods were ranked at a
high score of 91 percent, Palo Alto as a preference of a place to live was
ranked at 92 percent, and quality of life in Palo Alto was ranked at 91
                                                                 January 6, 2014
