                      DRAFT MINUTES
parking and traffic initiatives. He requested Staff provide an overall vision
for the outcomes of the initiatives. He concurred with Staff's focus on traffic
along Embarcadero Road and suggested Staff focus on Charleston Avenue
and Alma Street as well. Council Member Klein's comments regarding
through traffic were important. Parking exemptions were a concern. He
asked if two parking exemptions remained, one of which affected existing
buildings with 20 parking spaces.

Ms. Gitelman would return with the information.

Council Member Scharff noted another parking exemption involved Transfer
of Development Rights (TDR).         He wanted the Council to reconsider
provisions that allowed developers to combine parking exemptions that
resulted in underparked commercial buildings.                The Colleagues'
Memorandum regarding expanded ground-floor retail protections should be a
priority for Staff. He wished to greatly expand retail space in the Downtown,
California Avenue and possibly Midtown areas. The community should
consider whether restrictions on retail were appropriate and necessary. He
questioned whether Staff had the resources to accomplish all the initiatives.

Council Member Holman questioned the definition of retail and allowances
under a Conditional Use Permit. The Council should prioritize initiatives and
implement those that could have a large impact quickly. Local-serving
business was different from locally owned, independent businesses. Locally
owned businesses distinguished one community from another. The City
could limit the number of chain stores in an area.             She understood
commercial basements were being filled in, because the California Building
Code counted basements toward FAR.             She requested Staff provide
information on that topic. As a result of the Council changing ground-floor
retail protections, the City had lost many retail and service businesses where
protections were eliminated. She hoped Staff would present definitions or
sections of Code that needed clarity. She concurred with Council Member
Burt's suggestion to consider downzoning CN sites. The Council should
review methods for proportioning general office versus housing.            She
requested an update regarding implementation of the business registry. The
business registry was not specifically zoning, but it was closely related to
zoning.

Mr. Keene reported Staff was working on that. Information would be
presented to the Council within the next two months.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the business registry was under the
purview of the Planning and Community Environment Department or the
Economic Development Office.

                                                                           Page 7 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
