                            MINUTES
Ms. Hetterly replied yes. Commissioners talked to the City of Menlo Park
and a number of other communities with shared-use dog programs as well
as dog owner groups from Menlo Park and Palo Alto. The City of Menlo Park
hoped to transition its shared-use model to a dedicated full-time model.

Council Member Klein asked if the dog park in Menlo Park was located on a
school property.

Ms. Hetterly indicated it was a baseball field owned by the City of Menlo
Park.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Schmid regarding tours
of the 7.7-acre parcel. He was worried that the property was not a usable
site and not suitable for investment of City resources. The public had the
misperception that the 7.7 acres was similar to property in Foothills Park.
The public should know the difficulties of transforming the property. He
requested estimates of the cost to rehabilitate the land suitable for public
use.

Council Member Holman wanted to understand if there was something that
would help promote PARC's involvement in CIP planning. She was always
interested in Sterling Canal and requested an update. With respect to the
7.7 acres, she concurred with having it open a couple of days for public
viewing. A Council meeting with PARC dedicated to discussion of the 7.7
acres could be beneficial.

Mr. Lauing reported each year PARC and Staff had begun the planning
process earlier. The entire process was working well. PARC agreed with
Staff's prioritization of projects.

Council Member Holman noted a CIP for a hydrology study of the 7.7 acres
was proposed the prior year, before the parcel was dedicated as parkland.
That CIP was not approved; however, it might be approved for FY 2016 now
that the land was dedicated as parkland.

Deidre Crommie, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, advised that a PARC
ad hoc committee was working on Sterling Canal, but had not made good
progress. Commissioners toured the site and learned additional fencing had
been installed. The ad hoc committee was having some difficulty obtaining
information about the parcel as it involved multiple City departments. The
ad hoc committee was considering use of the property for a community
garden.




11/10/2014                                                            116- 74
