4.    Approval of Nine On-Call Planning and Environmental Consulting
      Services Contracts for the Department of Planning and Community
      Environment to Support Current Planning, Special Projects, Advance
      Planning, and Environmental Review as Follows: Planning Services - 1)
      Dudek, 2) Arnold Mammarella, Architecture and Consulting, 3) The
      Planning Center/DC&E, 4) Metropolitan Planning Group; Environmental
      Services - 5) Dudek, 6) URS Corporation, 7) ICF International, 8)
      Turnstone Consulting, and 9) David J Powers & Associates in Amounts
      Not to Exceed $930,000.

6.    Development Impact Fees: List of Public Facilities Capital Needs.

7.    Approval of a Contract With Spencon Construction, Inc. in The Amount
      of $2,170,412 for The FY 2014 Sidewalk, Curb and Gutter Repairs
      Project.

8.    Approval of Amendment No. 1 to Contract with MV Transportation to
      Extend the Term Until June 30, 2014 and Add $75,000 for Provision of
      Regular Shuttle Services for Crosstown Route and Additional Shuttle
      Service During the Construction of California Avenue Streetscape
      Project.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Numbers 3, 7-8: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

9.   Parking Supply Recommendations. Staff recommends that Council
     accept the Final Report on the Downtown Parking Garage Study and
     authorize staff to take the following actions aimed at increasing the
     parking supply in the University Avenue and California Avenue Business
     Districts: 1) authorize staff to begin design and environmental review
     of a new parking garage (240 car capacity) on Lot G located on Gilman
     Avenue; 2) authorize staff to solicit qualification statements for public-
     private partnerships to increase parking supplies on at least one existing
     surface parking lot in the University Avenue area and one in the
     California Avenue Business District; 3) authorize staff to pursue
     planning grants and begin planning work for a new transit mall
     expansion with a 478-space parking garage on Urban Lane, in
     partnership with the property owner and the Joint Powers Authority; 4)
     authorize staff to begin design and environmental review of a 200-space
     satellite parking facility along Embarcadero Road – East of Geng Road -
     Faber Place and in the Bay Lands Athletic Center parking lot or a
     comparable alternate location(s), with supporting shuttle service to the
     University Avenue Business District; 5) authorize staff to expand
     parking permit sales to South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) Business District
                                                                         Page 12 of 37
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 2/10/14
