                             MINUTES
Shiva Swaminathan, Senior Resource Planner explained that regulations
required the City to compute future emissions at 33 percent of the amount
captured.    The more emissions captured, the higher assumed future
emissions would be.

Mr. Keene expected greenhouse gas emissions to fluctuate as Staff refined
methodologies.

Council Member Berman believed the City's successes would result in
reaching the State's goal of reducing GHG emissions by 2030.

Mr. Friend reported Staff would set a goal and then determine the actions
necessary to reach that goal. At that point, Staff would return to the Council
to turn the concept into an engineering and policy plan with budgets. As
quickly as possible, he wanted to move from a conceptual discussion to
multiple scenarios for Council discussion.

Council Member Burt noted the slides contained a great deal of valuable
information not covered in the presentation, and inquired whether Council
Members would receive a streamlined version of the presentation.

Mr. Keene advised that the full presentation would be placed on the City's
website.

Council Member Burt noted the previous year the Council was provided with
baselines against 2005 and 1990; however, the presentation did not contain
baselines against 1990.

Mr. Friend reported Slide Number 10 was a comparison to the 2005 baseline
and Slide Number 11 was a comparison to the 1990 baseline. The State
imputed an emissions number for 1990 for communities that did not have
actual data. The State's figure was different from the actual data for Palo
Alto.   Caution should be used when referencing comparisons to other
communities.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the 1990 base was calculated or
imputed.

Mr. Friend explained that it was measured and imputed.       The utility
component was measured because Palo Alto had its own utilities. The
transportation numbers were partly imputed because no one knew how to
measure exactly transportation impacts. A number of other measures were
relatively small compared to those.


04/21/2014                                                            114- 478
