                      FINAL MINUTES
inquired whether the Council could reconsider some of the lots if stacked
alternatives were implemented.

Ms. Gitelman advised that if the Council was interested in including an option
for stacked parking in the RFP, the RFP could include other lots Staff did not
previously consider.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, second by Mayor Shepherd
that in addition to Lots D and G, that Staff return with recommendations for
other City-owned lots Downtown where stacked parking may be a favorable
alternative.

Council Member Klein was concerned that the item was not moving forward.
He inquired whether Staff had a recommendation.

Ms. Gitelman did not analyze stacking alternatives. That idea came from
individuals who submitted proposals to the RFI. If the Council would like to
consider public garages that utilized stacking, that would be a new task for
Staff. Staff could perform that analysis and return with it in the RFP or
continue with public garages that did not utilize stacking technology.

Council Member Burt inquired whether including that aspect in the RFP
would it significantly delay the process.

Ms. Gitelman did not believe it would delay the process.

Council Member Klein asked how it could not delay the process.

Ms. Gitelman stated that a separate analysis of lots where stacked parking
could occur and a detailed engineering analysis of requirements would delay
the process. Staff could accommodate an RFP that allowed designers to
submit a creative idea to use stacked parking or a blended approach that
would not delay.

Council Member Klein was concerned by the lack of specificity. "On other
City-owned lots" opened the analysis to every City-owned lot; that would
delay the process. He would not accept the proposed language.

Ms. Gitelman reported the current language of the Amendment seemed to
require a separate analysis outside the RFP.

Mayor Shepherd understood the RFP could explore sites for stacked property
availability.

Council Member Burt requested Ms. Gitelman propose language for his
Amendment.
                                                                          Page 33 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
