Council was concerned about total impacts to projects. That was the reason
Staff did not mention use of an inflator.

Council Member Price asked if Staff considered cumulative impacts rather
than built-in adjustments for each category.

Mr. Lalo Perez indicated that was the Finance Committee's focus.

Council Member Price suggested Staff include more clarification points in the
chart. In facility costs or estimated facility costs, Staff should note the
baseline year. She inquired whether Mr. Nathan Perez was aware of the
Council's sensitivity to projected rates of growth promulgated by different
agencies.

Mr. Nathan Perez answered yes.

Council Member Price asked if his assumptions were consistent with Council
policies.

Mr. Nathan Perez replied yes.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the impact fees were for a new unit of housing.
She viewed the project as an effort to capture brand new fire stations and
police stations. There was a parks policy which Staff followed.

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
approve the Development Impact Fee (DIF) Project Needs List prior to
having the City’s consultant prepare the quantitative analyses and narratives
needed to update some categories of the City’s Development Impact Fees.

Mayor Shepherd expected the discussion would evolve and recognized that
the Council would need to make decisions regarding infrastructure.

Vice Mayor Kniss agreed the discussion would continue.       Staff asked the
Council to approve a particular recommendation.

Council Member Burt noted the Committee reviewed DIF in early November
2013. Since that time, the Council had moved forward with infrastructure
projects. The Finance Committee was interested in vetting thoroughly a
number of major areas. Because of changes over the last five months,
returning the item to the Finance Committee for an update could be
appropriate.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to return this item to the Finance Committee to be re-
evaluated.
                                                                       Page 18 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/03/14
