                             MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd to
direct Staff to: 1) proceed with the preparation of the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) analysis, taking into consideration input received during the
scoping period and based on the four conceptual alternatives with specified
modifications and refinements that have been requested by the Council; and
2) return to Council with the data on the historic growth of the City within 30
days.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Member Schmid comment on data
regarding square footage.

Council Member Schmid noted the City had a Development Cap for the
Downtown area and for the City as a whole. There were no numbers
regarding what had been built or what current zoning would allow.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff could provide that information.

Ms. Gitelman expected the Council would want data on historic growth from
1989 based on the concept of an annual growth limit.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the data would indicate square footage of
each nonresidential building and growth.

Ms. Gitelman could present historic growth data to allow an informed
discussion of an annual growth rate for Scenarios 2 and 3 and to provide
context for Scenario 4.

Mayor Shepherd believed measurements in the existing Comprehensive Plan
were outdated and allowed developers to follow their own vision rather than
the community's vision. Details and consequences were needed to change
zoning to support the community's vision. Analysis of the scenarios would
allow the Council to determine changes for the Comprehensive Plan. She
inquired whether the Council could develop specific plans once the final draft
was released.

Ms. Gitelman explained that typically a jurisdiction would adopt a general
plan and then pursue a specific plan as part of the implementation strategy.
Staff was working a parallel track for the Fry's site.

Mayor Shepherd recalled that the Draft EIR would be released for public
review in December 2014. The Council could direct Staff to stop work at
many points in the process. She could agree to delete analysis of Scenario
4; however, she was intrigued by some of the components of Scenario 4.



                                                                         Page 16 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes 08/06/14
