tax. He assumed the revenue measure would be a general tax which
required 50 percent support on a referendum. He asked if application of
revenue from the tax would be guaranteed in some way or at the discretion
of the Council.

Joe Saccio, Assistant Director of Administrative Services, reported Staff
programmed into the spreadsheet revenues that were based on conservative
assumptions for occupancy and the daily rate. Based on current TOT tax
collections, revenue could be 30 percent higher than stated in the
spreadsheet. Staff included a cushion between the amount of TOT tax
expected and the amount dedicated to funding infrastructure projects.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council was guaranteeing a certain
amount of money would be spent each year.

Mr. Saccio explained that the General fund was responsible for paying debt
service. Staff hoped the conservative projection of funding level would be
sufficient to pay debt service in a depressed economy.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Council was stating that public
safety needs were associated with the tax increase.

Mr. Saccio clarified that a portion of funding for public safety would come
from new hotel revenues.

Council Member Schmid requested a definition of new hotel.

Mr. Saccio reported new hotels were those identified with estimated opening
dates.

Mr. Keene indicated new hotels were those approved and/or under
construction. If a developer proposed a new hotel project, it would be
beyond the proposal.

Council Member Schmid noted the General Fund would be required to pay
debt service if TOT tax revenues decreased. He asked if recent questionable
sales tax revenues were considered in the ten-year financial forecast.

Mr. Saccio reported the unique sales tax revenues received at the end of
Fiscal Year 2013 and beginning of Fiscal Year 2014 were not used as a basis
for the forecast.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Council was going into an
election with the expectation that the City was healthier than it really was.

Mr. Saccio responded no.
                                                                       Page 26 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/03/14
