INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to restate the first paragraph in the Motion to:
“to direct Staff to move forward with a two phase framework to implement
an (annual) Business Registry Certificate (BRC) Ordinance & Fee Program as
a full cost-recovery.”

Mr. Keene reported Staff wanted to have an integrated program linking
different requirements in one place. Otherwise, enforcement of a voluntary
business license program could be less effective.

Council Member Burt believed it was logical to have the two programs
linked. However, the business registry would be constructed on what
appeared to be a broken system. The Use Permit program had to be
corrected first. He inquired if the Use Permit covered subtenants.

Mr. Fehrenbach advised that the business occupying the space was required
to have a Use Permit.

Council Member Burt recalled another area of opposition in the previous
business license election concerned sole proprietorships. He asked if Staff
knew how many businesses held Use Permits.

Mr. Fehrenbach responded yes.

Council Member Burt asked if there was a method to handle expired Use
Permits.

Mr. Pirnejad agreed the Use Permit program needed corrections.

Council Member Burt wanted to know the number of expired Use Permits.

Mr. Pirnejad indicated the number was difficult to determine because the Use
Permit program was paper based.

Council Member Burt asked if anyone counted the number of businesses.

Mr. Pirnejad reported Staff had difficulty dealing with the paper-based
system. Staff did not have a number.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff removed a business from the
Use Permit list once it went out of business or left Palo Alto.

Mr. Pirnejad advised there was not a permit retention process to remove
businesses. A new U&O process would replace the former process.

Council Member Burt asked if Google and Facebook remained listed as Palo
Alto businesses according to Use Permits.

04/29/2014                                                          114- 542
