partner built a garage. That would be the basic concept for developing a
public-private partnership. All sites studied and generally all sites in the
Downtown or California Avenue areas would accommodate a public-private
partnership. Stanford University owned the site along Urban Lane and
leased it to Caltrain. The site currently offered 164 parking spaces and
served as a lot for Caltrain. The feasibility study proposed expanding the
transit mall as a means to increase parking supply and to implement TDM
strategies. Expansion would yield an additional 17 bus bays and provide a
parking structure containing 478 spaces. The project would be complicated
by the need for partnerships with Caltrain and Stanford University.
Currently, the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) and Santa
Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) offered two grants which could
be utilized to develop the Urban Lane site. The Council requested Staff
consider satellite parking facilities. A key strategy for satellite parking was
ensuring transportation from satellite facilities to business districts. Staff
reviewed current shuttle services and considered additional and/or
redundant shuttle services. Staff sought authority to develop and release a
Request for Proposal (RFP) to design and study the possibility of restriping
and adding parking to Embarcadero Road east of Faber Place. The concept
was to reduce traffic lanes from four to two and add parking to the south
side of the street. Another short-term action was the sale of parking permits
at the Civic Center garage and Cowper/Webster garage to people working in
the South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) Business District.                  The final
recommendation concerned the development and release of an RFP to
implement parking technology solutions for the Downtown core. A Parking
Guidance System (PGS) would include dynamic way-finding signs located
around Downtown to highlight locations and the number of spaces available
for parking. Adding access and revenue controls as part of PGS would
provide greater flexibility in distributing parking permits.        Access and
revenue controls would allow employers to have a direct account with the
City and would remove the cap of permit sales. The business community
expressed interest in access and revenue controls.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Attachment D provided data regarding parking supply
and demand. Staff quantified the historical deficit utilizing a baseline dating
to 1988. In 1988 the City quantified the Downtown parking deficit. The
deficit fluctuated over time due to the addition of parking spaces and the
granting of parking exemptions. Attachment D contained a snapshot of
garage and on-street parking supply occupancy. The data was likely skewed
by the number of employees who held permits at the time of the survey but
were not using those permits. The change in occupancy data would be
reflected in the next occupancy survey. In addition Staff would collect
employee density information from the Downtown CAP Study. Staff hoped
to have that information in May or June 2014. None of the recommended
                                                                         Page 14 of 37
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 2/10/14
