                             MINUTES
speculate. Staff felt quite strongly that the CEQA issue with respect to both
Ordinances was addressed. The proposed Ordinances created incentives in
response to State requirements; they did not impose exactions. Because
exactions and inclusionary requirements were under attack statewide, the
State imposed more requirements for incentives. If a Developer proposed a
project and met the inclusionary requirements by providing a certain number
of low- or very-low-income units, then those units would potentially qualify
the project for a density bonus under the Ordinance. There was nothing the
City could do about that. The RHMC tailored the list of concessions to state
clearly that those concessions were not available to sites that abutted lower-
density residential zones.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, recalled that Mr. Ross mentioned the two cases
concerning the inclusionary housing requirement in local law. The Agenda
Items did bear a topic commonality with that litigation; however, the
similarity ended there. There was ongoing litigation in Palo Alto and in San
Jose regarding inclusionary housing ordinances adopted by localities. The
State Density Bonus Law and proposed local Ordinances were a distinct tool
that also addressed the issue of providing affordable housing in
communities. Assuming the Council resolved its policy questions, Staff
believed the Council could and should move forward with the proposed
Ordinances irrespective of ongoing litigation.

Council Member Klein understood the State required the City to enact
Ordinances; however, he did not understand the reasons for the State's
requirement. Voters expected Council Members to use their best judgment
regarding language contained in Ordinances. He asked why the City had to
enact the proposed Ordinances, what would happen if the City did not enact
the proposed Ordinances, and how he could exercise discretion.

Ms. Gitelman shared Council Member Klein's frustration. She did not
understand why the State Legislature enacted a law requiring local
jurisdictions to codify State law.

Council Member Klein inquired whether language could be included in the
proposed Ordinance stating that the State required the City to enact the
proposed Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the City would lose an opportunity if it did not
adopt a local Ordinance.

Council Member Klein was comfortable adopting provisions that allowed
Council discretion. In his opinion, if the City did nothing, then State law
would control.



                                  11                      January 13, 2014
