                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked if other cities, such as San Francisco, were
comparing 1990 or 2005 baselines.

Mr. Friend indicated most cities estimated against the 1990 baseline. Cities
without data assumed the 1990 baseline was 15 percent below the 2005
baseline. In Palo Alto's case, the 1990 baseline was considerably higher
than the 2005 baseline.

Council Member Burt envisioned a high percentage of automobiles being
some form of clean vehicles by 2040 or 2050. He was interested in the
reductions provided by transportation independent of land use decisions,
because of the City's carbon neutral electricity supply and the increase of
bicyclists and pedestrians.    Regarding the built environment, the City
allowed new construction projects to utilize natural gas; however, some
projects had moved to all electric. He inquired about revisions to the
Building Code that would foster a fuel switching environment.

Mr. Friend reported Staff was working on a new Green Building Ordinance.
Staff was setting goals approximately 15 percent higher than State goals in
terms of energy performance. He understood Council Member Burt was
suggesting Staff consider eliminating natural gas from construction projects.

Council Member Burt noted other cost considerations of appliances and use
of energy.

Mr. Friend added that one precedent was the requirement of electric
charging infrastructure in new construction.

Council Member Burt was disinterested in the State goals in that he did not
want to compare Palo Alto to State goals. He wanted Staff to determine
what Palo Alto could do efficiently. The City did not have commercial
building grading systems that would drive behavior. Social pressure in the
corporate environment and the workforce would drive change if information
was shared. Potential home buyers received disclosure regarding termites
and insulation, but not energy efficiency. Such a disclosure could have a big
impact.

Mr. Friend advised Staff discussed those measures and others in an attempt
to create a portfolio of strategies to address different points in the building
scheme.

Council Member Burt asked when Staff would present strategies to the
Council.


04/21/2014                                                             114- 479
