                               MINUTES
Mr. Rossmann preferred to report earlier because Staff would be preparing
for Budget hearings. As part of preparing the Proposed Budget, Staff would
update the LRFF with concrete numbers.

Council Member Price asked if Staff relied heavily on projections from the
Santa Clara County (County) Tax Assessor to project property tax revenue.

Mr. Saccio indicated all information from the County Tax Assessor          was
incorporated into the forecast, because the County Tax Assessor            met
quarterly with jurisdictions to provide information.  Staff attended       the
meetings, discussed information internally, and then revised data at       the
appropriate time.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff considered demographic data in
preparing property tax projections.

Mr. Perez replied yes. The consultant reviewed that level of detail.

Council Member Price noted a mini recession in the next five to six years was
an assumption in the LRFF. Property tax appeared to be robust; yet, she
tended to be cautious.

Mr. Perez suggested Staff include data from other communities for
comparison. Palo Alto's circumstances in the previous recession were vastly
different from circumstances in the County and nearby cities.

Council Member Price felt that illustrated the challenge of using county-wide
data for projections of Palo Alto's circumstances.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to accept the Fiscal years 2015-2024 General Fund Long Range
Financial Forecast.

Council Member Burt stated the Council would approve a plan but accept a
prediction. There was a combination of reasons for the forecast moving
from negative to positive. Staff was consistently moderately conservative in
predictions. The economy improved. The City implemented significant
reforms. The Council and the community should appreciate Staff's hard
work to place the City on a sound financial footing.

Mr. Keene added that during the downturn the City was saddled with legacy
costs. Staff made corrections, but costs continued to increase. A good
economy created new demands on the expense side. Expenditure demands
would be associated with rising revenues.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0


                                   19                              April 7, 2014
