Mayor Shepherd suggested the Committee explore the issue more deeply at
another meeting.

Council Member Kniss believed the Committee was forgetting that CAOs
were all individuals. Sometimes more work was needed with one person
than another.

Mayor Shepherd recalled the Council did not unanimously approve the
midyear concept. The Committee could craft that experience and deliver it
to colleagues.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if the midyear and annual were originally meant to
be held in June and January.

Ms. Lund reported originally the reviews were intended to be held in July and
the midyear in January.

Chair Scharff asked Ms. Lund to review the schedule.

Council Member Klein noted the Council Break in 2013 occurred in July;
therefore, reviews could not be held in July. When the annual review did not
occur until August or September, then the midyear did not occur in the
middle of the year.

Ms. Lund reported the first item on the schedule was obtaining Staff input.
She typically talked with new hires one-on-one or in a Staff meeting to set
the proper tone for meetings. Next, she scheduled dates or sent a request
for information Staff needed to provide. In 2014 she would be collecting
feedback and preparing summaries in May. The CAO self-evaluations would
be due June 6. Following that, information with self-evaluations, Staff
feedback summaries, and blind forms would be sent to the Council. During
the last few weeks of June, she anticipated interviewing the Council,
collecting feedback, and incorporating feedback into the Council summary.
She issued a poll for reviews to be held on August 13 and August 20,
assuming the City Clerk and City Attorney reviews would be held on one
date and the City Manager on another date. She had not issued a poll for
the City Auditor goal setting process, because a City Auditor had not been
hired.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted the schedule did not contain times, and asked if
those had been set.

Ms. Lund replied no.     The City Clerk was having difficulty obtaining
responses for a date that far out. Those dates were needed in order to
schedule other work.
                                   6                        April 3, 2014
