                            MINUTES
meeting in February was scheduled for February 10, 2014. That meeting
agenda contained voluminous, complicated items. Staff would prefer the
Motion direct Staff to return as soon as possible.

Ms. Silver inquired whether the Motion intended for the P&TC to review the
FAR in the CN, CC, and CS Zones Citywide or only on the Housing Inventory
sites. The Ordinance only applied to Housing Inventory sites.

Council Member Burt recommended the P&TC examine and recommend FARs
for the Housing Inventory sites, then examine FARs for the zones elsewhere
in the City. That would allow an expeditious return of the item.

Council Member Klein concurred. He inquired about a date at which Staff
could return with proposed language.

Mr. Keene preferred to review the calendar the following day and then
provide a date to the Council.

Council Member Klein wished to move quickly, especially with work
beginning on the next Housing Element.

Mr. Keene felt the Council would not want to postpone items currently
agendized for meetings.

Council Member Burt suggested changing the Motion for Staff to return by
the end of February.

AMENDED BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER to change the return date to
the end of February.

Council Member Klein agreed to the change of date. Page 472 contained the
language regarding the State's default density of 20 units per acre.

Ms. Stump understood the Council's intention to expedite the item. She
suggested the Motion contain language stating "the public hearing will
remain closed unless decided to reopen or as otherwise required by law." If
the Council made substantive changes, it would need to take additional
public comment on those items.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to: 1) continue the item to allow Staff time to come up with
language indicating that we are including State mandate provisions and not
approving them; 2) direct Staff to refer to the Planning and Transportation
Commission the idea to change the FAR in the CN, CC and CS Zones; 3)
Staff to report back to Council no later than the last meeting in February;
and 4) the public hearing will remain closed unless decided to reopen or as
otherwise required by law.
                                 17                     January 13, 2014
