                             MINUTES
Staff recommended the letter request the EPA reinitiate the rule change
process in order to engage impacted stakeholders in the process.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
approve the draft letter from the City of Palo Alto to the Environmental
Protection Agency on a proposed rule change defining the scope of waters
protected under the Clean Water Act.

Mr. Hackmann indicated Mr. Materman of the San Francisquito Creek Joint
Powers Authority recommended a change in language regarding the flood
plain.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the wording in the first sentence under
Flood Protection and Floodplain Management from “Palo Alto lies within a 50-
square mile floodplain” to “Palo Alto lies within a substantial floodplain”.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to correct the number of residents to the current
value.

Council Member Klein was not aware of any city that did not share the City's
views as expressed in the letter.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

12.   Finance Committee Recommends Proposed Changes in Development
      Impact Fees: Direction to Draft Ordinance Implementing New Public
      Safety Facility and General Government Facilities Impact Fees.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director, recalled in March 2014 Staff
presented a list of projects that justified implementation of a Public Safety
Facility fee and a General Government Facilities fee. Staff presented a
nexus study to the Finance Committee in May 2014 and recommended
setting fees at 75 percent of the maximum level.           At-places was a
memorandum regarding the setting of fees. Because the Finance Committee
voted 3 to 1 in support of the recommendation, the item was placed on the
Agenda as an Action Item. The Finance Committee expressed concerns
regarding the residential fee being unfairly high. Although fees were split
approximately 60/40 between residential and non-residential uses, the fee
based on per person served was closer to a 50/50 split.            Table 19
summarized projected income from new fees, which also demonstrated a
more equal distribution of fees between residential and non-residential uses.




11/03/2014                                                            116- 53
