                            MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman heard the Council's interest in that project. An analysis and
dialog about operational and safety improvements could be useful. The
feasibility and timeframe could be discussed within the context of the
Comprehensive Plan Update.

Council Member Klein personally did not believe a trench was possible,
especially at a cost of $500 million.

Council Member Price felt it was appropriate to consider a trench option in
planning scenarios. Given the amount of funding and attention given to the
topic over the last five years, it would be prudent to have some discussion.
She asked if references to the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) were
really to the program EIR.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Council Member Price was not familiar with a Users' Guide to a
Comprehensive Plan and requested a brief explanation or example of a
Users' Guide.

Ms. Gitelman explained that after a Comprehensive Plan was adopted, Staff
wanted to provide some type of guide or online tool to make the
Comprehensive Plan widely available and searchable.

Council Member Price felt that would be useful. She inquired whether Staff
was requesting guidance on the direction of the recommendations. It would
be irrational to assume the items could be performed quickly. They would
be part of the ongoing discussion with the community to determine the
implications of various planning scenarios and to define issues and
programs.

Ms. Gitelman remarked that all of the ideas were complex and would require
a great deal of work.

Council Member Price asked if Council Members should comment regarding
issues to be addressed concurrent with the Comprehensive Plan.

Mr. Keene suggested Council Members comment at the current time to help
inform the discussion on November 17.

Council Member Price expressed concern regarding modifying the Floor Area
Ratio (FAR) contained in the hotel overlay and in Community Commercial (2)
(CC(2)) zoning along California Avenue.




11/03/2014                                                           116- 41
