Mr. Nathan Perez responded yes.

Council Member Berman would support the Motion, because the information
was sufficient.

Mr. Nathan Perez added that if the PSB were removed in two months, he
would have to redo everything because the PSB was such a large project.

Council Member Klein would not support the Substitute Motion because of
the language regarding the Finance Committee providing whatever portion
was ready.

Mayor Shepherd would not support the Substitute Motion. Council Member
Schmid articulated the situation well. The changes the Council made with
regard to infrastructure would be reflected in the list without returning the
item to the Finance Committee for review.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED FAILED: 3-6 Burt, Holman, Scharff
yes

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Holman no

Council Member Holman inquired when Staff could provide requested
information regarding fees.

Mayor Shepherd indicated Staff could provide the information outside the
Council meeting due to the lack of time. She inquired whether the Council
would have sufficient time to address Agenda Item Number 10, naming the
Main Library.

Mr. Keene announced naming of the Main Library would be continued to a
date uncertain.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
discuss Agenda Item No. 11 prior to Agenda Item Number 9.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Schmid, Shepherd no

Mr. Keene requested a time check-in at 10:00 P.M. to determine whether
Staff could be excused from the meeting.

11.   Infrastructure Project and Funding Plan.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, recalled that the Infrastructure
Committee met three times since the item was last before the Council on
December 9, 2013. The Infrastructure Committee recommended the Council

                                                                       Page 22 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/03/14
