                       FINAL MINUTES
Lois Salo wanted Staff to place more effort in developing homeless shelters.
She wanted the City to buy the land where Buena Vista Mobile Home Park
was located and utilize it for low-income housing.

Council Member Schmid noted the RHMC did not reach consensus for a
recommendation to the Council. He requested each RHMC Member be
allowed to share his point of view.

Council Member Holman advised the Council and public that she did not have
a conflict of interest regarding the Arastradero Road sites. However, she
recused herself from discussion of Arastradero Road sites to avoid the
appearance of a conflict of interest. She requested Staff comment on
Terman Apartments and market-rate units converting to BMR. Tier 1 units
were easy units to accept and identify. The Fry's site was a difficult
consideration, because a California Avenue Area Concept Plan had not been
developed. The San Antonio Avenue sites in Tier 3 were not ideal for
identifying housing units. Because the sites did not require rezoning, it was
logical to include them. She would prefer to continue the discussion of Tier
3 sites.

Council Member Price felt Staff was not sufficiently assertive in identifying
additional housing sites. She supported inclusion of Tiers 1-5 at a minimum.
Development of surface parking lots could include housing units without
reducing the number of parking spaces. The Community Panel's criteria for
suitability of sites included walkability, near job centers, proximity to transit,
and use of autos.         Surface parking lots were clearly transit-oriented
development sites that met those criteria. Staff was not bold enough in
developing housing capacity in order to maintain some semblance of
economic diversity.

Council Member Schmid noted the goals, visions, policies, and programs of
the Our Palo Alto initiative indicated the appropriate place for dense housing
was near transit, jobs, shopping, public venues, and meeting places.
Approximately 43 percent of units identified were located on South El
Camino Real, 9 percent in Downtown, and 14 percent in the California
Avenue area. These areas did not offer those services. Tiers 4 and 5 should
be considered for housing units.

Council Member Scharff believed the important item was to obtain
certification of the Housing Element. There was no controversy regarding
the selected sites, as the zoning would not change.             The RHMC
recommended fewer units for the Fry's site and removal of the
SummerWinds nursery. Commissioner Keller suggested deed restrictions
expire after 30 years rather than 55 years. When deed restrictions expired,

                                                                               Page 8 of 14
                                                               Special City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 06/04/14
