                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss requested Staff address current retail versus 10 years ago
and 5 years ago; locations for retail; whether the Council could prescribe
locations for retail; and a definition of retail.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the topic was not the content of Zoning
Ordinances. Staff needed to have that discussion with the Council, P&TC,
and community. The topic was whether Staff could implement zoning
changes in advance of the Comprehensive Plan Update. Staff believed they
could hold that community conversation in advance of the Comprehensive
Plan Update.

Vice Mayor Kniss referred to the recommendation which stated to proceed
immediately; however, Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff would return to the
Council.

Ms. Gitelman recommended the Council direct Staff to proceed immediately
with a community conversation, leaving aside the exact content of any
Zoning Ordinance.

James Keene, City Manager, added that the Council would have latitude in
making decisions related to retail after working through the implications of
changes.

Vice Mayor Kniss commented that retail was a concern of the community.
She would support beginning a conversation regarding retail.

Council Member Klein inquired about the likelihood of the County of Santa
Clara (County) having the resources and to make improvements to the
expressway system.

Ms. Gitelman understood the County did not have funding for improvements.
The County was preparing plans in order to pursue funding. One of the
advantages of including that scenario was that the City could provide
feedback to the County about whether the City supported capacity increases.

Council Member Klein asked if the same rationale applied to the scenario of
trenching Caltrain tracks.

Ms. Gitelman explained that including the scenario would facilitate a public
dialog about whether operational benefits would warrant the cost and
whether the City wanted to pursue it with other agencies.

Council Member Klein inquired about the impact to the City's studies if
neither scenario was financially feasible over any reasonable timeframe.

Ms. Gitelman requested clarification.

12/08/2014                                                           116- 208
