                               MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to adopt the Resolution adopting:       1) the Mitigated Negative
Declaration, 2) the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program, and 3) the
Revised 2015-2023 Housing Element Update Public Review Draft as the
Housing Element of the City’s Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Scharff explained that the Housing Element was different
from other elements of the Comprehensive Plan in that it had to be approved
by a regulatory agency. The RHMC reviewed the draft Housing Element line-
by-line and debated each change. He urged the Council to approve the draft
Housing Element as revised.

Council Member Price would reluctantly support the Motion. The Housing
Element met only the minimum requirements. The community questionnaire
revealed the continuing need for more diverse and more affordable housing.
She had supported utilizing more tiers of housing in order to have a robust
and forward-thinking Housing Element. Tiers 4 and 5 proposed housing in
conjunction with surface parking lots, which she felt was needed.

Council Member Berman noted more work was needed. He looked forward
to future dialogs regarding redistributing housing sites from south Palo Alto.
Community needs and preferences for housing were changing.

Council Member Burt reiterated that the City was required by law to prepare
a Housing Element and to obtain certification of its compliance with law. The
critical consequence for not having a certified Housing Element was the
potential for litigation, which could result in the loss of local control of zoning
and land-use decisions. The City was not required to construct housing
proposed in the Housing Element, but to zone for housing.

Council Member Holman urged Staff to explore existing units at Colorado
Park for the Housing Element. Identifying existing units was difficult.
Including these units in the Housing Element saved them for the next
several years.

Mayor Shepherd objected to the Housing Element method of designing the
community. State mandates often were not logical and removed autonomy
from the community. She would reluctantly support the Motion.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent




11/10/2014                                                                  116- 94
