                            MINUTES
Recommendation Number 1 did not state when Zoning Ordinances would be
presented to the Council or to the P&TC.

Ms. Gitelman intended to work with interested stakeholders immediately to
craft an Ordinance, present it first to the P&TC and then the Council. She
hoped to keep the process for discrete items as streamlined as possible.

Council Member Holman inquired about timing for Recommendation Number
1.

Ms. Gitelman would attempt to present something to the Council before the
work sessions began in May.

Council Member Holman requested Staff comment on the need for an interim
Ordinance to protect existing retail from converting to office.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff would move quickly such that an interim
Ordinance would not be necessary. She would consider an Ordinance or an
interim Ordinance, but not both.

Council Member Holman understood Staff would interpret Design
Enhancement Exceptions (DEE) more closely to the language in the Code.
On packet page 186, DEE was listed as a topic requiring further definition
and discussion.

Ms. Gitelman included DEE on the list for further discussion, because Staff
did not believe a Code revision was needed. The Code provided for DEEs as
minor items. The Council raised DEEs as needing an Ordinance.

Council Member Holman noted Staff formed an outreach group, but not a
working group. She did not understand how work sessions would operate
with a large number of people or different people could attend different
sessions. She asked why Staff did not form a working group.

Ms. Gitelman reported the summit would cover the big issues. In the course
of that discussion, hopefully Staff would obtain clarity regarding choices,
policy decisions, and vision, which would initiate subsequent sessions on
goals, policies, and programs. At that point, a working group could be
formed to translate comments from the summit into a draft Comprehensive
Plan.

Council Member Scharff referred to the process of Staff developing a Zoning
Ordinance with stakeholder groups and presenting it to the P&TC and then to
the Council.



12/08/2014                                                          116- 213
