                            MINUTES

Ms. Sullivan advised that Staff's intent was to set a maximum timeframe.
Perhaps fewer community meetings would be needed for some
neighborhoods.

Council Member Price assumed penalties would be included in administrative
regulations. She suggested permit fraud include a financial penalty as well
as a misdemeanor penalty, if possible.

Ms. Gitelman hesitated to recommend a change without knowing what could
occur. Staff could consult with the Police Department on the issue.

Council Member Price believed fraud could happen.

Ms. Sullivan agreed. The clause was meant to state that permit fraud was
not legal. The types of permits and a process for transferring permits would
impact methods for fraudulently producing or selling permits. Staff would
obtain input from online permitting and enforcement vendors and work
through fraud issues in the administrative regulations.

Council Member Price commented that Section 10.50.060 was entitled
Permanent Adoption; however adoption was not permanent as there were
provisions for neighborhoods to opt out and for the Council to amend
Districts.

Ms. Gitelman reported permanent simply meant the end of the trial.      The
Council could always change the Districts.

Council Member Price could not recall Staff's response to Council Member
Holman's question regarding non-residents parking in annexed areas and
requested Staff repeat their response.

Ms. Sullivan stated the issue of not allowing employee parking in annexed
areas was complicated. The Ordinance did not specify the issuance or non-
issuance of employee permits. Staff would handle that as part of the
Resolution.

Council Member Price agreed with Mr. Borock that employers should pay the
full price for employees' parking permits including service and minimum
wage employees. However, not all employees received parking stipends.
The Council was not in a position to dictate that.

Council Member Klein felt the Ordinance had to contain language that all
Districts would be treated the same and that Districts would be charged the
same amount for parking permits. He inquired whether that was feasible.




12/02/2014                                                           116- 171
