                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid inquired whether that levee was a key liability.

Mr. Sartor replied no. That levee was part of the South Bay Shoreline
Study, a larger sea level rise adaptation issue.

Council Member Schmid requested Staff report periodically with the status
and consequences of the permitting issue.

Mr. Keene commented that the Water Board did not have any clear
disagreements with the project. The Water Board had yet to prove or
demonstrate why the project should not receive certification. The Golf
Course Project was designed in conjunction with the Flood Control Project.
The Water Board had requested analyses of fanciful alternatives. Somehow
the Water Board needed to be redirected to the feasibility and qualifications
of the JPA Project.

Council Member Burt advised that the Water Board provided non-substantive
comments regarding the Golf Course Environmental Impact Report (EIR). At
a meeting with State Legislators and concerned parties, Mr. Wolfe
acknowledged that the JPA Project met the Water Board's legally required
standard of being the Least Environmentally Damaging Practicable
Alternative.   At that time, Mr. Wolfe indicated to Staff that the most
expeditious route to approval would be to submit a new application for a
permit. Based on his assurances, JPA staff did that. The Water Board
directed the Executive Officer to move the application forward expeditiously.
Water Board staff had demonstrated a willingness to delay the project until
the JPA and the City consented to provide outcomes desired by Water Board
staff. Water Board staff made presentations to a number of environmental
groups and encouraged their opposition to the project. Federal funding of
$900,000 was not to be used in the current phase of the project. He
inquired whether State funding was channeled from Federal funding.

Mr. Materman indicated State funding was obtained from Proposition 1E, a
statewide bond measure.

Council Member Burt announced a JPA meeting was scheduled for the
following Thursday.

Council Member Holman inquired whether any ethical standards bound
Water Board staff.

Ms. Stump reported the City Manager and JPA had spoken strongly to ethical
issues and asked technical questions about actions taken by Water Board
staff. Those issues were being researched.
                                                                       Page 27 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
