                             MINUTES
Time was running out and risk was increasing as the construction season
was passing. Staff met with the Executive Officer of RWQCB in March 2014
and identified necessary changes to move forward with the Golf Course;
changes were provided, but delays and requests for more information were
received.    The target deadline was July 2014; Staff thought the
consequences were better owned by the RWQCB. Congresswomen Eshoo
and Speier tried to provide funding to close the gap on the flood control, but
they had concerns about why the RWQCB was not moving forward. The JPA
pointed to RWQCB staff as the gateway to concluding the review and issuing
the permit. It was well known what modifications needed to be done to
satisfy LEDPA.

Council Member Price suggested advising Governor Brown.

Council Member Schmid clarified that no risk was put on the Flood Control
Project by moving ahead with the permit for the Golf Course.

Mr. Keene relayed that one issue was the RWQCB’s staff continually
requested changes to the Flood Control Project, not addressing the Golf
Course Project until changes to the Flood Control Project were complete.
Identifying the boundaries of change to the Executive Officer of the RWQCB
was a goal that could be made.

Council Member Schmid wondered if Staff would sign a contract with a
construction firm if there was a permit with qualifications.

Mr. Keene wanted to make sure that the conditions were met and would
come back to Council if there were any questions. Coming back to Council
meant the deadline for the contract passed and there were probably costs
and consequences. No independent determinations were going to be made
while the Council was on recess.

Council Member Schmid wondered how many trucks delivered soil through
Oregon Expressway and if there was a need to limit the number of trucks
per week.

Mr. Teresi remarked that soil delivery was going to be accelerated but the
trucks would not run during peak hours.

Council Member Schmid requested that Staff            be   sensitive   to   the
improvements taking place on Oregon Expressway.

Council Member Holman felt unsure about the effects on the environment
being placed on the wildlife and the soil being piled in different places.

06/23/2014                                                       115- 194
