                      FINAL MINUTES
Ms. French reported the 10 foot setback from the property line to the
building front wall at the ground floor would provide the 18 foot effective
sidewalk. Included within the effective sidewalk were tree wells and other
amenities and seating. The City could not require property owners to
dedicate a sidewalk right-of-way across the front of a property.

Council Member Burt asked if Ms. French stated 10 feet.

Ms. French indicated the 8 foot right-of-way from curb to property line plus
the 10 foot setback totaled 18 feet.

Council Member Burt recalled Mr. Popp mentioning that the ARB was looking
at the range of 12 to 18 feet. He asked if the distance would be 18 feet at
critical nodes and less at connectors.

Mr. Popp advised that dimensions were not given for specific places as the
distance would be based on context.

Council Member Burt shared Council Member Holman's concern that the
Ordinance was too vague. He wanted to create context-based guidelines
without those guidelines always being the minimum.                  Staff’s
recommendation discussed reducing the FAR in the CN Zone. Apparently
Boards and Commissions discussed that only around housing. That needed
to be reviewed. He could agree to modify the 18 feet to 15 feet; a setback
of 12 feet with the additional 3 feet for other purposes.

Vice Mayor Kniss did not want to stroll along El Camino Real, because traffic
speed was fast and fumes were unpleasant.              Mr. Moss mentioned a
comprehensive review of the area, which should be done. She had no idea
how deep lots were or what the platting looked like. A number of property
owners stated the lots were shallow. She questioned whether the Ordinance
was a taking of property by ethical standards rather than legal standards.
The Council needed to think through the end product. Perhaps El Camino
Real was not wide enough for the vision. She inquired about the possibility
of Staff providing a better picture of the vision for El Camino Real, including
plat maps. She struggled with the practicality of the vision. She did not
hear anyone support the Ordinance. Council Member Scharff's suggestion to
alter the build-to-line requirement had merit.

Council Member Price asked if Staff could state the impact of density
changes on sites identified for the Housing Element.

Ms. Gitelman did not have a definitive answer. Staff had to be concerned
whether the State would view it as the City attempting to get around the
                                                                           Page 16 of 26
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
