Council Member Klein indicated transportation and land use should be in
lower case letters.

Council Member Burt noted an inconsistency between lower case land use
and transportation and the other proposed Priorities.

Mayor Shepherd reported mobility would be included under the bullet point.

Council Member Berman felt the first bullet point reflected the goal of a
community conversation regarding the City's future. He supported the three
proposed Priorities.

Council Member Price agreed with the change in language and felt the
change supported her earlier comments.        She questioned how Priority
Number 1 was different from current efforts to update the Comprehensive
Plan. Many of the items were identified as part of the Work Plan. She
inquired whether the Council could vote on each Priority separately.

Mayor Shepherd concurred.

Council Member Schmid understood this would involve the prioritization of
data gathering and sharing. The most basic decisions required traffic data,
parking data, and development cap data. He wished to be explicit that he
anticipated Staff would provide good data for the Council and for the public.

Mr. Keene reported data was a critical component. No matter how good the
data was, there would still be many debates regarding it.

Mayor Shepherd supported retaining Priority Number 2 because she wanted
the infrastructure management system to be part of the strategy to bring
infrastructure needs to a conclusion.

MOTION SEPARATED FOR PURPOSES OF VOTING

MOTION PASSED for comprehensive planning and action on land use and
transportation: the built environment, transportation, mobility, parking and
livability: 9-0

Mayor Shepherd noted the proposed Priorities were not presented in order of
priority. Each Priority had equal weight.

MOTION PASSED for Infrastructure Strategy and Funding: 8-1 Price no


                                                                       Page 13 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/01/14
