                            MINUTES
Attorney. In terms of providing service to the community, the City Clerk
was more valuable than the amount of compensation offered. He suggested
the Council increase the City Clerk's compensation and decrease the City
Attorney's compensation.

Stephanie Munoz concurred with Mr. Moss' comments. The community was
not enthusiastic about compensation increases for employees already
earning large salaries. She felt the Council should reconsider compensation
increases.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-8c.

3.    Authorization to Submit a Grant Application to the California Arts
      Council for California Creative Communities.

4.    Appeal of Director's Individual Review Approval of a Two-Story, Single
      Family Home at 4055 Second Street (Staff Requests Continuation to
      April 7, 2014).

5.    Authorize the City Manager to Execute a General Services Agreement
      with Western States Oil in the Amount not to Exceed of $925,000 per
      Year, with Authorization for Two Additional Years, to Pay for the
      Purchase of Unleaded Gasoline and Diesel to Supply Fuel for the City’s
      Fleet.

6.    Approval of Contract Amendment 3 with Materials and Contract
      Services, LLC for Temporary Employment Services in the
      Administrative Services Department Purchasing Division in the Amount
      of $99,800.

7.    Approval of Contract No. C14149799 with Musson Theatrical, Inc. In
      the Amount of $262,240 for the Replacement of Children’s Theatre
      Audio/Visual Monitoring Systems and the New Sound System for the
      Lucie Stern Community Theatre.

8.    Approval to Extend the Application Deadline for the Planning &
      Transportation Commission Recruitment.

8a.   Approval of Amendment to City Attorney Employment Agreement.

8b.   Approval of Amendment to City Manager Employment Agreement.

8c.   Approval of Amendment to City Clerk Employment Agreement.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent
                                                                      Page 14 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 3/24/2014
