CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced a summer camp and aquatics
registration fair would be held Saturday, February 1, 2014. The City
received final approval to change the type of landfill cap to an
environmentally friendly cap. The City recently completed installation of a
new landfill gas flare inside the Water Quality Control Plant property. On
January 25, 2014, Staff, Audubon Society volunteers and an owl expert
installed eight artificial owl burrows in Byxbee Park. The Chief Planning
Official approved the new configuration for the California Avenue Farmers
Market. Within the next month, Staff would provide the Council with an
Study Session regarding drought conditions and implications for Palo Alto.
The Council's Priority Setting Retreat was scheduled for February 1, 2014 at
Ventura School.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price attended the 150th Anniversary of Caltrain Celebration
and the Pencil In event held January 24, 2014 at the Palo Alto Arts Center.

Council Member Burt reported the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers
Authority moved closer to resolving the remaining issues of funding and
permitting for the 101 to the Bay Project. The first outreach meeting
regarding alternative designs for the Pope-Chaucer Street Bridge was held
the prior week, with a second meeting scheduled for January 29, 2014 at
6:00 P.M. He and Council Member Klein attended the first San Francisquito
Creek Sub-Basin Ground Water Meeting regarding sustainable ground water
use. A Silicon Valley Sustainable Landscape Summit was scheduled for
March 24, 2014.

Council Member Berman encouraged the public to participate in the City's
Core Values discussion through Open City Hall on the City's website.

Mayor Shepherd attended the Northern California Power Agencies' Strategic
Initiatives Conference the prior week. She highlighted information and
speakers at the conference.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Stephanie Munoz felt the well endowed citizens of Palo Alto had an obligation
to support less fortunate citizens. Palo Alto and surrounding communities
were not providing housing for workers.




                                                                        Page 3 of 19
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/27/2014
