                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein supported the Motion. A Cable News Network (CNN)
article indicated kids who used e-cigarettes migrated to use of cigarettes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether cigar rooms were prohibited under
the proposed Ordinance.

Mr. Bobel answered no.

Council Member Burt inquired whether smoking on the patio at The Nut
House was prohibited.

Mr. Bobel answered yes.

Ms. Struve added that smoking on the patio was prohibited under the
existing Ordinance as it was located within 25 feet of the building.

Council Member Burt did not believe the Council had sufficient information to
include e-cigarettes in the proposed Ordinance. If the Council's objective
was to discourage smoking by teens, then e-cigarettes should be included in
the proposed Ordinance. If the Council was concerned about the impact of
secondhand smoke on others, then evidence was not clear whether e-
cigarettes should or should not be included in the proposed Ordinance. He
inquired whether the objective was to discourage smoking among teens or
to protect non-smokers or both.

Council Member Price indicated the objective was both.

Ms. Struve also understood the objective was both. Staff reviewed studies
that indicated e-cigarette use led to the increased use of cigarettes by teens.
There was not sufficient information to determine whether secondhand
smoke from e-cigarettes impacted health.

Council Member Burt remarked that the proposed Ordinance would prohibit
adults from using e-cigarettes.

Mr. Bobel advised that the Council would need to make a policy decision
whether to prohibit adult e-cigarette use.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to refer the issue of e-cigarettes to the Policy and
Services Committee for additional consideration.

Council Member Holman would support the Motion. She clarified her earlier
comments that Staff performed outreach but did not engage the business
community. She did not intend to contradict Staff's statement that they
performed outreach.

12/15/2014                                                              116- 273
