Margaret Heath did not believe the lease between the developer and his son
for a grocery store at the proposed 2180 El Camino Real Planned Community
(PC) development met the requirements of the PC Ordinance.

Adina Levin, Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition Volunteer, announced May 17,
2014 would be Bike to Shop Day. This was an opportunity for residents to
experience bicycling for trips other than to work.         Volunteers were
organizing merchant discounts and promotions for bicyclists.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, noted the Lucy Evans
Baylands Nature Interpretive Center boardwalk was closed. She asked the
Council to invest funds in repairing and reopening it as quickly as possible.
The Audubon Society would support the City's efforts to obtain permits for
repairs.

Stephanie Munoz commented that the homeless shelter for mothers and
children at the Lutheran church close to the Stanford University campus
would close April 16, 2014. The Sunnyvale Armory shelter would close to
allow construction of affordable housing. The Buena Vista Mobile Home Park
was in danger of closing. The Council needed to take some action to help
the homeless.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
approve the minutes of January 27, 2014, February 1 and 3, 2014.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Price absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Ralph Thomas supported Agenda Item Number 9, the improved bicycle
infrastructure. Improvements should be made to improve safety for
bicyclists.

Penny Ellson supported the Staff recommendation for Agenda Item Number
9, regarding bicycle and pedestrian projects. The action was an efficient
method to design individual projects. She thanked Staff for their extensive
outreach to neighborhoods and every Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) school site community.

Andrew Boone felt Agenda Item Number 9, the Bicycle Boulevard network
was a big step forward. Creating a network of boulevards was a brilliant
solution for commuting by bicycle.


                                                                       Page 10 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
