                             MINUTES
Margaret Heath wished to ensure that the public received a fair return on the
PC; that return was a solid replacement for JJ&F. She questioned Mr.
Werness' grocery experience.

Fred Balin stated more information was needed from Mr. Werness and
questioned whether the Restrictive Covenant was enforceable. The Council
should consider a letter of credit. The Council should not approve the
proposed tenant until the Covenant was corrected.

Annette Portello Ross suggested the Council ask thoughtful, community-
sensitive questions about College Terrace Centre. The Council needed
updated financial information.

Doria Summa questioned the relationship among Mr. Werness, his partners,
and the Applicant; whether the Applicant could provide and maintain a
grocery store equivalent to the community benefit; and the amount of time
that penalties would be accepted in lieu of a public benefit. The Council
should provide a plan for expending penalty fees if such were collected and
should link penalties to the Consumer Price Index.

Diane Finkelstein was concerned about the City enforcing the comparability
provision of the Ordinance and the lack of financial information.    The
language of the Covenant was unrealistic and unenforceable.

Jeff Lewinsky suggested the Council better define "fully ceases to operate."
The penalty clause did not define grocery operations required to avoid the
penalty. The Covenant should contain language that the grocery store
would not convert to a private workspace for employees of the office
complex. The proposed penalty should increase with inflation and should be
due whether or not the City collected it. The City should inspect more than
once a year. The agreement was invalid if a court entered an order against
the grocery store.

Lydia Kou noted Staff recommended approval of the proposed tenant; yet,
residents hesitated to embrace Mr. Werness. The Applicant did not search
for or propose a lease with successful Chinese, Korean, Persian, or Indian
grocers.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the PC Project had been approved with a public
benefit of a grocery store and some BMR units. The City could only change
the public benefit by changing the PC Ordinance.            The Covenant
memorialized a voluntary condition of approval. The penalty was intended
to be a significant disincentive for leaving the tenant space vacant if the
market went out of business. Collecting a penalty of $2,000 per day did not
seem fair if a court enjoined the market from operating.

12/15/2014                                                            116- 265
