                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt remarked that the responding argument should be that
restraining the capacity of the system would increase road traffic and create
additional environmental impacts.

Mr. Hackmann advised that Staff proposed moving PS5 toward San Antonio
Road.

Council Member Burt recommended Staff strengthen the language regarding
PS5.

Council Member Holman suggested the first paragraph be changed to read
"conceptually supports the operational improvements of Caltrain service
provided that all impacts can be eliminated or effectively mitigated to levels
acceptable to the City of Palo Alto." "Eliminated" should be added because
PS5 should be eliminated, not just mitigated. She inquired about visual
impacts to the Julia Morgan Building as it was located just past the train
station.

Mr. Aknin could add the Julia Morgan Building to the list of structures
contained within the letter.

Council Member Holman suggested eliminating the parenthetical phrase in
the penultimate paragraph on the last page to strengthen the Greenmeadow
issue. She also suggested revising "this could" to "this would contribute to a
direct impact." Mr. Borock raised the question of objecting to the DEIR
definition of the project being compatible with HSR.

Mr. Aknin indicated the Staff Report addressed the issue. Caltrain could
perform a phased EIR or two separate EIRs. Caltrain chose to perform
separate EIRs. Staff and the consultant believed this was a reasonable
approach, because there was an in-depth analysis of HSR. There would be
an additional level of review once HSR proceeded.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether "acceptable to the City of Palo
Alto" was an appropriate legal standard in an EIR. The letter referenced an
impact that could not be mitigated.

Mr. Aknin noted several intersections had significant and unavoidable
impacts.

Council Member Scharff explained that the letter stated some impacts could
not be mitigated; therefore, he could not accept Council Member Holman's
proposed change.


04/21/2014                                                            114- 504
