                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Price concurred with having an executive summary. She
found the memo identifying key issues helpful. Lack of attendance at P&TC
meetings occurred in other jurisdictions as well as in Palo Alto. She inquired
whether Staff attended ad hoc committee meetings.

Commissioner Michael answered yes.

Council Member Price urged the P&TC to consider its demands on Staff. If
the P&TC chose to study many subjects in-depth, then Staff would not be
available to work on other items in the work plan.          In addition,
Commissioners did not have an unlimited amount of time to devote to P&TC
work. The P&TC should be strategic in its work to promote efficiency and
effectiveness.

Council Member Klein supported instituting an executive summary, but was
dubious about placing items on the Council's Consent Calendar. Unanimous
decisions of Council Committee were placed on the Consent Calendar,
because Committees were composed of Council Members. Until the Council
could determine which items were innocuous, he preferred not to have P&TC
items placed on the Consent Calendar. The Council needed data regarding
pass-through and internal traffic. He suggested the P&TC have more contact
with adjacent communities and counties to understand what they were doing
and its impact on Palo Alto. The Council needed to know whether the
standard of 250 square feet per employee continued to be accurate and the
standard utilized in other communities. He preferred to think of public
involvement as public education. The P&TC should consider ways to educate
the public regarding the planning process.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood the P&TC worked under a time limit. It was
frustrating not to have public attendance and input. In other cities, planning
commissions had more responsibility than in Palo Alto. The Council should
consider carefully whether to place P&TC items on the Consent Calendar. PC
Zones would not be appropriate for the Consent Calendar given the public's
concerns. Adjoining cities were also growing, but they were not considering
growth limits. The Council needed to know the origin of traffic in order to
discuss traffic issues. Traffic and development in adjoining cities affected
Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff was enthusiastic about an executive summary of
P&TC meetings and wanted to receive it immediately following the P&TC
meeting. An executive summary should also include the next review by the
P&TC or Council. He questioned whether the P&TC Chair or Staff would draft
the executive summary. Almost all P&TC items involved a public hearing.
Public hearings could not be placed on the Consent Calendar. If the P&TC

                                                                           Page 3 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
