                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump said if the Motion was to have no existing seated Council
Members eligible to serve a consecutive third term the effective date would
be 2022.

Mr. Keene asked if language could be placed in the Motion to clearly state
the term limits would not apply to incumbents.

Ms. Stump said if the desire was for the term limits to not be available for
any seated Council Members, there should be an implementation date of
2022.

Council Member Berman asked the City Attorney to review what the State
Legislature did to the ballot when they changed their term limits.

Ms. Stump noted the current election cycle for 2018 was in November while
the seated Council Members would begin their term in January of 2019. If
the desire was to not have the third consecutive term available to the
current seated Council she could draft the Ballot language to accomplish that
goal. The newly elected, not incumbent, Council Members of the November
2014 election would be eligible for a third term.

Vice Mayor Kniss said if the ballot language was to change on the swearing
in of the newly elected Council Members to the election year they would be
sworn in during 2013 not 2014.

Mayor Shepherd suggested removing the date of 2018 from the Motion and
replace it with language clarifying no currently seated Council Member would
be eligible for a third consecutive term.

Council Member Berman said from a policy standpoint he wanted it to be
clear it was for good governance and policy but he was not supportive of the
Motion. Being on City Council was a positive opportunity for the citizens to
get involved with their community so he was against lowering the number of
Council Members.

Council Member Scharff agreed with the regional body issue where a Council
Member loses their seat when they leave for two-years and returns.

Council Member Burt believed term limits were not about choosing to
continue to run but rather about the power of incumbency that squeezed out
the other members of the community who would otherwise be attempting to
serve. The concept to consider was whether or not to retain a process that
was put into place to keep opportunities fresh for new people in the
community to serve and to reduce the very strong power of incumbency.

06/16/2014                                                            115- 168
