                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd suggested Staff integrate Our Palo Alto into the Master Plan
process. She was interested in the concept of utilization of open space. She
wanted to understand the policy for dedicating parkland. She asked why all
pools located on school sites were not included on the map.

Mr. Betts explained that Staff provided the document they felt was most
understandable to address Vice Mayor Kniss' request for a visual of Palo Alto
parks. The map did not include all pools. The Gunn High School pool was
the primary site for summer camps and aquatics programs.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff discuss with PAUSD the possibility of
PAUSD owning schools and the City owning fields around schools. That
would greatly expand the amount of park space proposed outreach
techniques were good. The Council would want periodic updates.

Robert Moss indicated a rock climbing structure was located in Briones Park.
He suggested Staff review all parks and facilities donated to the City for
restrictions. Perhaps a senior center and children's facility could be located
at Cubberley. The City should require new development along California
Avenue to contain parks, not just benches.

2.   Palo Alto Historical Museum to Present an Update and Discuss Future
     Vision and Plans for the Roth Building at a Study Session with the
     Council.

Rich Green, Palo Alto Historical Museum Board of Directors President,
presented a video of interviews with residents. The History Museum would
demonstrate how a small community affected the lives of hundreds of
millions of people around the world. Palo Alto was rich in heritage and pride.
Palo Alto deserved a great museum. The History Museum would be dynamic
with changing exhibits. The people in the community would contribute to
the History Museum's shape and design of exhibits. The Board decided to
explore design opportunities for a new kind of museum. The educational
aspect would engage the community to work together to create something
new and to do something important. The History Museum would reveal the
stories of individuals in the community. Individuals would be able to share
their stories while visiting the History Museum. The History Museum would
be the permanent home of the City's archives. The Palo Alto Historical
Association (PAHA) was digitizing the archives, and the History Museum
would provide a digitization lab.       A virtual museum would be a very
important component of the History Museum. The Board was searching for
members focused on mission and funding. Consultants were providing the
Board with good advice. The Board constantly refined messaging and focus
based on feedback from consultants. Rehabilitation of the Roth Building

                                                                         Page 6 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
