                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired whether a 3-percent grade could be
approved.

Mr. Canepa advised that a 3-percent grade was not viable for freight.

Council Member Klein inquired about costs for trenching other than those
mentioned.

Mr. Canepa attempted to cover all costs in the study. Costs for hazardous
materials were unknown. UPR could wish to negotiate some costs for a
design exception.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed community involvement was important. She
inquired whether there were any estimates regarding the cost of real estate
takes and public outrage. Any alternative should be considered in the
context of community knowledge and opinion. Trenching would result in
dramatic changes to the City. She requested feedback regarding other
communities' opinions.

Mr. Canepa attempted to view locations of and access to homes to
determine impacts. The trench should be wide enough to be comfortable for
all users, which would increase the amount of real property taken.

Vice Mayor Kniss suggested the Council consider not only the actual cost but
also the real estate cost. She estimated $50 million in real estate costs.

Mr. Canepa indicated the report contained amounts, but he was unsure if
they were realistic.

Vice Mayor Kniss remarked that costs would vary considerably depending on
the location of the trench. The City needed community discussion of
trenching.

Council Member Price inquired about assumptions regarding necessary
reviews for hazardous materials and rail safety.

Mr. Canepa assumed a 25 percent contingency for those types of issues. As
a design process progressed, typically the contingency amount decreased to
approximately 5 percent at full design.

Council Member Price asked if the current conceptual design was 10 percent
or 20 percent.

Mr. Canepa responded about 10 percent. The study utilized many gross
assumptions, but the design was fairly accurate. The trench footprint was
an estimate, but provided the least cost.
                                                                         Page 17 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/20/14
