Council could hold a Retreat with Council Members reviewing information
independently prior to the Retreat. The Council also needed to review the
California Avenue Concept Area Plan and consider the Fry's site prior to the
developer submitting a proposal.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted Staff would return to the Council regarding outreach.
The Community Leadership Group was a good idea. With respect to Staff
deconstructing the prior Comprehensive Plan process, that sounded as
though Council Member Burt was talking down to Staff. She asked why that
needed to be detailed in the Motion.

Council Member Burt indicated it was omitted from the proposal and it was
important.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return to Council with additional
consideration of the outreach process and composition and procedures for
the Community Leadership Group, timing of the California Avenue Concept
Area Plan and Council consideration of it, and review the prior
Comprehensive Plan process and SOFA Plan process for lessons learned.

Ms. Gitelman understood the direction to Staff was to return with additional
clarity on the outreach process including the Community Leadership Group,
and separately to solve the issue of the California Avenue Concept Area Plan
timing. She inquired whether Council Member Burt was suggesting Staff
jettison the 18-24 month process as outlined and use a process similar to
the prior Comprehensive Plan and SOFA processes.

Council Member Burt replied no. Staff should use what they learned from
deconstructing past processes to inform the proposed process. Early in the
process Staff should consider holding community charrettes with prominent
visionary keynote speakers and then a community charrette. That would
begin the education process for the community and pull in community
participation. It worked effectively in the prior Comprehensive Plan process.

Ms. Gitelman stated that model would alter the proposed process and
deadline. It would not fit in the 18-24 month timeframe.

Vice Mayor Kniss could accept Council Member Burt's proposed changes
through the process for lessons learned. The final change would begin the
process again and add at least a year.

Council Member Burt agreed to segregate the final proposed change for a
separate Amendment.


                                                                       Page 22 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
