with the TOT tax increase. With the current level of economic vitality and
job growth in the region, she suggested other cities were considering
adjusting their TOT tax rates. The direct comparison of TOT tax costs was
challenging, because other cities charged other fees that rolled into their
TOT tax rates.

Council Member Burt referenced polling results for TOT tax and sales tax on
page 4 of the Staff Report. The results for sales tax were marginal, and the
range concerned him.

Council Member Berman noted the results Council Member Burt mentioned
applied to a 1/4 cent sales tax increase.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff had any insights regarding
polling results for 1/8 cent sales tax.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director, recalled survey questions
asked first about a 1/4 cent increase. A follow-up question asked about a
1/8 cent increase. Polling results for the 1/8 cent increase indicated 61
percent support.

Council Member Burt asked if that was after opposing arguments.

Council Member Berman indicated the information did not provide that
detail.

Council Member Klein felt a TOT tax increase would be easier to sell to the
community. There was always a chance a tax could lose in a vote. A sales
tax increase had a greater chance of losing. If the community voted against
a revenue measure, the Council would not propose another measure the
following year. If a sales tax measure lost, it could be five years before the
Council could propose another revenue measure for infrastructure projects.
The projects went to the heart of public safety and parking problems. The
Council could not take the risk of a sales tax measure failing. Some of the
same arguments were made when the TOT tax was last increased.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Member Klein address the Substitute
Motion.

Council Member Klein indicated the choice for the Council was a sales tax
increase or a TOT tax increase. When the Council last increased the TOT
tax, other cities increased their TOT tax rates to match Palo Alto's rate. That
would likely happen again.

Council Member Schmid preferred a bond issue for public safety; however,
the Council was moving toward COPs supported by the City's most dynamic
                                                                         Page 25 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 03/03/14
