                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff understood capital projects with identified sources of
revenue could not be considered in a nexus study.

Mr. Perez concurred.

Council Member Scharff stated the Council had identified sources of revenue
for the Public Safety Building, Fire Station Number 3, and Fire Station
Number 4. He did not understand how the nexus study could be accurate if
the City had identified sources of revenue.

Mr. Perez reported the Council could direct Staff to remove any project for
which it believed revenues were guaranteed. Staff did not wish to make that
assumption.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Council discussed that.

Mr. Perez answered yes, and Staff understood the Council was in the process
of drafting a funding plan. The question was whether that funding plan
would materialize. The Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) measure probably
would be approved by the voters; however, a recession could significantly
reduce that funding source. Staff would remove any project as directed by
the Council and return with an Ordinance containing an adjusted fee.

Mr. N. Perez explained that some of the information regarding the Public
Safety Building was less guaranteed or more speculative at the time he
drafted the needs list in 2013.

Council Member Scharff asked if Mr. Perez drafted the needs list prior to the
Council identifying funds for the Public Safety Building.

Mr. N. Perez developed the needs list in 2013. In 2013 he and Staff
collected data regarding facilities and cost estimates.

Mayor Shepherd understood impact fees were utilized to support facilities
that would be used more because of an increase in population. She
expected facilities to be built and a fee collected because additional people
caused more wear and tear on facilities. She asked how that was factored
into a fee. The capital improvement would begin to fail at some point.

Mr. N. Perez indicated impact fees could be utilized to replace and modernize
facilities or to purchase furniture, fixtures, and equipment (FFE), but not to
operate and maintain facilities.

Mayor Shepherd commented that fees would be used for those types of
things going forward.


11/03/2014                                                             116- 60
