                     FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Holman answered yes.        Staff provided those sections in
response to her questions.

Mayor Shepherd had not reviewed the Guidelines provided by Staff and was
unsure whether other Council Members had reviewed the Guidelines.

Council Member Burt clarified that the Amendment directed Staff to return.

Mayor Shepherd inquired about the issue on which Staff was to return.

Council Member Burt advised that Staff would return with recommendations
based on the sections. The Council was not voting to adopt the two sections
but to have Staff return with a recommendation.

Mayor Shepherd expressed concern that Council Members may not have
read the applicable Guidelines.

Council Member Scharff understood Staff's comments indicated the
Guidelines were incorporated. There seemed to be a disconnect between
Council Member Holman's comments and Staff's comments.

Ms. Gitelman reiterated that in 2005 the Council adopted some of the
Guidelines into the Code. There were some changes which Staff highlighted
in the Staff Report. The Amendment requested Staff take the original
Guidelines and the existing Code and determine if there could be a further
reconciliation between the two.

Council Member Scharff could support the Amendment as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update. He asked if the Amendment required a great
deal of work on Staff's part.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the two pages referenced in the Amendment would
not entail a great deal of work.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff would review only two pages.

Council Member Holman answered three pages. The Code was not as clearly
articulated as the Guidelines.

Council Member Scharff remarked that Staff would review the Guidelines and
decide whether or not to incorporate additional Guidelines.

Council Member Schmid was concerned that the Amendment addressed only
2 of 54 pages and the Council did not have those pages before it. He
                                                                         Page 20 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
