                             MINUTES
Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney declared that legally, the street
belonged to the City. Council had the ability to incorporate this as a
direction to Staff, which could include some modest costs.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to: 1) uphold the Director of Planning and Community Environment’s
decision to approve the Architectural Review (AR) application for demolition
of approximately 290,220 sf of existing R&D/Office Space and construction
of 180 dwelling units on a 16.96 acre site located at 1451-1601 California
Avenue, as envisioned in the 2005 Mayfield Development Agreement, and 2)
approve a Tentative Map to subdivide three existing parcels into 83 parcels
to accommodate the proposed development based on the attached (draft)
Record of Land Use Action containing Findings and Conditions of Approval as
amended to add a sidewalk along Amherst Street, and reduce the bulb outs
where the streets intersect with California Avenue.

Council Member Scharff thought the community raised legitimate concerns
and thought they should be addressed. It was important to have crosswalks
and a sense of community. He suggested the bike lane on California Avenue
but did not have enough information on the subject.

Council Member Price approved the overall design of the project. This was a
legally binding document. Some of the modifications proposed improved the
project. She emphasized the importance of community and it was important
that the project was done well.

Council Member Burt spoke to the issue of Safe Routes to School and
wanted to have a strong bicycle connectedness as the prior Safe Routes to
School Plan and Bike Master Plan did not look at this neighborhood. There
was a path that went near the corner of California Avenue and Amherst
Street that would benefit from a modest amount of improvement.

Ms. McCown noted that Stanford University met with the School District to
discuss the appropriate school their children would go to; Stanford
University would take a look at the path. They were not sure how much
more it could improve. It was County jurisdiction and there were a lot of
follow up issues.

Council Member Burt requested a potential bike and pedestrian improvement
be looked into.

Ms. McCown said yes and would see if there were improvements to be made.

06/23/2014                                                       115- 220
