                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether Mr. Arrillaga held ownership of the
property.

Ms. Stump clarified that the City had fee ownership of the property, but no
right to access or to control the property. The Lee Family retained the rights
to access and control until they sold the rights to Mr. Arrillaga.

Council Member Burt added that Mr. Arrillaga acquired the property adjacent
to the 7.7 acres and also acquired the access and control rights to the 7.7
acres.

Ms. Stump explained that when the Lee Family deeded fee ownership to the
City, they retained an Estate in the property which meant they retained the
rights of access and control.

Council Member Holman questioned whether Staff ordered an appraisal of
the property under the City Manager's authority.

Ms. Stump noted the Council delegated authority to the City Manager to
enter into small contracts for services. The cost of the appraisal would have
been within that authority.

Council Member Holman asked if it was typical for Staff to obtain real
property appraisals without Council direction.

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager, reported that could happen from time to
time.

Ms. Stump remarked that Staff could obtain an appraisal for a variety of
reasons.

Mr. Perez added that Staff utilized appraisals to determine rents for real
property.

Council Member Holman interpreted the language "significant and
substantive" in the response to Recommendation 5 to mean plans had been
vetted and refined prior to public review.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: to replace in the response to Recommendation 5
“significant and substantive” with “informed.”

Council Member Holman mentioned at the prior Council meeting that the
response to Recommendation 5 should include Comprehensive Plan
amendments.

                                                                        Page 13 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
