                            MINUTES
Ms. Silver indicated the permit could be extended by two methods. One
method was through the previously adopted Extension Ordinance. Another
was through an extension of the PC permit. If the Council chose to extend
the PC permit, the City needed to provide notice and list the Item on the
Consent Calendar for the Council meeting the following week.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the Item had to be noticed for the Council's
Agenda.

Ms. Silver replied yes.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Item did not have to comply with procedures
for noticing a public hearing.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
reject the tenant as not likely to be comparable in quality of products and
services and to direct Staff to return on December 8, 2014 on the Consent
Calendar with notice of an extension of the PC Ordinance until March 31,
2015.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed the Motion was reasonable. The proposed tenant
did not meet the criteria of the PC Ordinance. Any proposed tenant should
consider the needs of today's market.

Mayor Shepherd noted the time of 10:00 P.M. and members of the audience
present to address Agenda Item Number 13- PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of
an Ordinance Establishing a Citywide Framework for Establishment of
Neighborhood-Specific Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Districts.

 She suggested the Council address Agenda Item Number 13 following the
current discussion.

Council Member Burt was unsure whether the Council could complete
discussion of Agenda Item Number 13 in the current meeting. Making
critical public policy decisions at midnight was not a good practice. He
recommended the Council consider continuing Agenda Item Number 13 to
the following evening at 8:00 P.M.

Vice Mayor Kniss concurred with Council Member Burt.

Mayor Shepherd suggested the Council could continue the current Agenda
Item to the following evening and proceed with Agenda Item Number 13.

Council Member Burt indicated a discussion of Agenda Item Number 13
would still continue to midnight.

Council Member Schmid asked if notice of a meeting the following evening
would have to be made.

12/01/2014                                                          116- 155
