and requested details about the use of outside feedstock. Early discussions
with RWQCP partners were needed. Staff should address the 31 acres of fill
for Byxbee Park.

Council Member Holman inquired whether increased levee protections would
be part of any project at the RWQCP.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff depended upon the regional program to develop
levee protections.

Council Member Holman felt levee protections would be a part of the
discussion and cost-split with partner agencies.

James Keene, City Manager, clarified that issues with regard to levee
protection existed whether or not a facility was constructed.

Council Member Holman recommended Staff consider developing a home-
based composting program. She inquired whether importing feedstock was
a consideration as it also had a greenhouse gas implication.

Mr. Bobel indicated Staff did not rely on importing feedstock. If more
feedstock was available, more energy could be produced. No neighboring
communities expressed interest in participating.

Council Member Holman requested Staff comment on the 34 acres of fill for
Byxbee Park.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, stated on January 14, 2013 Staff
presented the Council with a contract to design and install a partial cap on
34 acres of Byxbee Park and postponed the cap on the remaining 17 acres
for a total of over 51 acres.

Mr. Bobel added that capping the area had begun.

Mr. Keene noted the capping work was not a part of the agendized item.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff had any comments with respect to
home-based composting.

Mr. Bobel agreed that home composting was the best method from the
standpoint of greenhouse gas emissions. Staff promoted home composting
as much as possible.     Only a small percentage of residents utilized
composting.


                                                                       Page 5 of 37
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 2/10/14
