ACTION ITEMS

8.   From Finance Committee Review of Development Impact Fees: List of
     Public Facilities Capital Needs.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director and Chief Financial Officer,
indicated Staff was asked to review Development Impact Fees (DIF).
Information was introduced at the Finance Committee a few months prior.

Nathan Perez, Vice President of David Taussig and Associates (DTA),
reported DIF were not taxes, special assessments, or user fees. DIF could
not be used to cover ongoing operations, maintenance costs, and the like.
Per AB 1600, DIF were an attempt to allow municipalities to recover their
fair share from new development. DIF had a nexus requirement and could
not be arbitrary. DIF required a great deal of demographic research and
costing of projected facilities throughout the timeframe of the Nexus Study
update. The current study covered the timeframe through 2035. Previously
the City asked DTA to provide a comparative survey of DIF for peer
communities to Palo Alto. There were not many peer communities to Palo
Alto. Sometimes information was difficult to obtain, because staff in other
cities were not always helpful. Per the Finance Committee's request, DTA
reviewed DIF as a percentage of average home sales price. With the $1.5
million average home price in December 2013, Palo Alto was in line with
other cities on the Peninsula. DTA recommended updating the Citywide
transportation fee, adding a public safety fee for the Public Safety Building,
and adding a general government fee for larger municipal offices and capital
improvements.     DTA sought the Council's approval of the needs list.
Following Council approval of the needs list, DTA would calculate fee levels
and then prepare a draft and/or final Nexus Study for review. If the final
study reflected updates to fees, they would be incorporated via City
Ordinance and could be a source for additional revenue in the future.

Mr. Lalo Perez noted the Infrastructure Committee was working on funding
for infrastructure projects. Some of the numbers on the needs list would not
align to the infrastructure item later in the Agenda. Staff requested the
Council focus on the list itself. The cost and funding sources would be
updated as decisions were made. The needs list contained more projects
than the infrastructure project list, because the Infrastructure Committee
was considering projects that were not fundable with existing City funds.
Staff compiled the needs list beginning with projects that were currently in
the Capital Improvement Program (CIP). The needs list was a snapshot in
time for projects likely to be undertaken. Staff initially had an effective date
of July 1. It became evident in Finance Committee discussions that Staff
needed more time to review the project list. The Finance Committee
questioned why the water, sewer and storm drain fee connections seemed to
                                                                           Page 9 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 03/03/14
