                             MINUTES
The economic chapter did not mention who paid a fair share for changes and
impacts in the City. The Comprehensive Plan should have some financial
analysis regarding the balance between residents and businesses.

Council Member Klein stated City policies were not responsible for the
growing school population. A turnover in population caused the majority of
the change in school population. A jobs-housing imbalance was not bad.
The update process was an opportunity for teaching the community. The
document should discuss the possibility of expanding the City's shuttle
system. Sections T2.23 and T2.25, regarding converting one-way and two-
way streets, should be deleted.

Council Member Burt noted colleagues had primarily discussed the Land Use
Element; thus, the Council would need additional time to opine regarding
other Elements.      Public gathering spots referred to areas in every
neighborhood. Residents should not have to cross major arterial roadways
or walk considerable distances to reach public gathering spots.           The
Comprehensive Plan contained tensions rather than gross contradictions.
Staff should exercise caution in utilizing the term "all" and in making a firm
commitment to something. Sustainability was not a code word, but Staff
should exercise discipline in using the term.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about methods to enlist community participation
in public engagement efforts.

Ms. Gitelman reported engagement efforts would focus on issues. Staff
wanted to provide data and obtain reactions and input regarding future
alternatives. Staff would hold community workshops and online engagement
around critical issues, such as direction of growth, pace of development,
density issues, and terminology.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked how Staff would entice the community to participate.

Ms. Gitelman would address that in Agenda Item 12.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed another issue for discussion was people remaining
in their homes because of Proposition 13 and people paying exorbitant prices
for homes on the market. The document should consider a prescriptive
method for determining where to locate additional housing units. The most
critical issues were development, growth, and long-term density.




05/05/2014                                                            114- 566
