Council Member Klein felt that should be included in the proposal as the
timeframe was short.

Ms. Gitelman included a considerable amount of resources in the
consultant's contract towards outreach. The consultant could shape the
outreach program to address the groups Council Member Klein mentioned.

Council Member Klein did not believe Ms. Gitelman's prior comments
regarding outreach were consistent with the City Manager's comments.

Mr. Keene explained that Staff's role was to issue an invitation to residents.
To be effective, Staff had to involve more people. The basic design of the
proposal was not to default automatically to a small group of experts willing
to work hard. Staff wanted to reach beyond that model.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff return with a more specific, wider
ranging outreach plan that could entail use of additional consultants. He
expressed concern about the word "leadership" in Community Leadership
Group. He asked which recommendation would be presented to the Council
if the Community Leadership Group and Staff supported different
recommendations.

Ms. Gitelman envisioned the Community Leadership Group as advisory to
Staff; however, it would ultimately make a recommendation to the P&TC and
Council. The Community Leadership Group could disagree with Staff. She
hoped Staff could work collaboratively with the group.

Council Member Klein noted that information presented to the public would
be a Staff recommendation that was not vetted by the Council. That could
be a problem for the Council, because the Council would be held responsible
for Staff's recommendation. He requested Staff comment on ways to avoid
that problem.

Ms. Gitelman reported that the outlined process envisioned an extended
scoping effort at the beginning of the process. Between the current time
and August 2014, Staff would hold a series of public meetings, engage in
scoping for the EIR, and schedule hearings with the P&TC and the Council.
The Council's hearing, which would be held at the end of the process, would
obtain input from the community on alternatives and issues. At that point,
the Council could give directions to Staff. Staff would then prepare the draft
EIR and make adjustments to suggested revisions from the P&TC and
disseminate those documents for public comment.           At the end of the
comment period, Staff would return to the Council for final direction on a
preferred alternative. If Staff continued with the current Comprehensive
Plan process, they would present the P&TC recommendations to the Council
                                                                        Page 20 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/17/14
