                               MINUTES

Council Member Burt did not believe that should be an administrative
decision. He asked if that was a component of annexation or of Phase 2.

Ms. Sullivan responded annexation.

Council Member Burt suggested his concern could be addressed through an
amendment that stated the Council would have to authorize the sale of non-
resident permits in adjacent, annexed areas.

Ms. Gitelman requested a rationale for treating the new areas differently
from the original area.

Council Member Burt stated Mr. Beamer spoke to concerns. Areas adjacent
to the proposed RPP District were not impacted by parking issues at the
present time. Adjacent areas would be impacted when the RPP Program was
implemented.

Ms. Gitelman acknowledged that within the impacted areas there were
variations.

Council Member Burt commented that it was a policy decision. He suggested
including a provision that non-resident permits for adjacent areas that would
be annexed would only be sold subsequent to Council authorization

Council Member Klein advised that Section 10.50.080 of the RPP Ordinance
stated the City Council could approve, deny, or modify an annexation.

Council Member Burt clarified that the Council could place conditions when it
reviewed an annexation proposal.

Council Member Klein interpreted the RPP Ordinance as the Council had the
authority to attach conditions to annexation.

Council Member Burt was surprised by the high administrative cost of online
permitting and requested an explanation of costs.

Ms. Sullivan reported online sales included building and hosting a website;
fulfilling, distributing, and mailing permits; and customer service. Costs
varied widely; therefore, Staff needed to understand the range of services
being offered. The customer service component would be a significant cost.

Council Member Burt asked if an apartment was considered a residence.

Ms. Sullivan replied yes.

Council Member     Burt     asked   if   Downtown   apartment   dwellers    could
participate.

12/02/2014                                                                 116- 188
