                            MINUTES

Council Member Schmid asked if the City could accept proposals for
individual components.

Mr. Bobel felt the City could accept different bidders for different
components if the RFP was worded carefully.

Council Member Schmid asked if that was the original recommendation.

Mr. Bobel indicated the original recommendation was to stage components.
The main difference was all components would occur at once and as quickly
as possible.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the original recommendation was
to issue an RFP for Component 4 quickly.

Mr. Bobel did not envision an immediate RFP on Component 4.     The
alternative recommendations proposed issuing an RFP for Component 4
immediately.

Council Member Schmid reported the California Department of Resources,
Recycling and Recovery (CalRecycle) began a series of hearings with
dedicated science papers regarding the waste-to-energy issue. He inquired
whether the City was involved or tracking the issue and whether information
would be provided to the Council.

Mr. Krupp advised that Staff was following closely the activities of
CalRecycle. CalRecycle recently announced a grant with the California
Resources Board based on carbon exchange.            Staff was reviewing
opportunities to help fund and lower the cost of any waste energy product.
CalRecycle incentivized and prioritized anaerobic digestion as the primary
way to handle food scraps.

Council Member Schmid clarified that the hearings would review conversion
technology.

Mr. Krupp explained that the timeline for Component 4 was further out
because Staff was investigating and tracking conversion technologies. With
respect to Council Member Klein's question regarding GHG, one of the main
factors in evaluating options for yard trimmings was GHG benefit. Local
composting did not provide a significant GHG benefit. Newer technologies
could provide better benefits in the future.




04/29/2014                                                         114- 533
