                             MINUTES
Michael Polentz, Attorney for the Applicant, reported the LLC was a single-
member, single-manager LLC. The sole member and manager of the LLC
was Chilcote Family Trust. The Chilcote family had owned the property for
80 years. The LLC entity was created in response to a mandatory condition
for financing debt on the property.

Council Member Scharff requested clarification of the relationship between
the Developer and the grocery store manager.

Mr. Polentz advised that the Developer was not the property owner. The
Chilcote family hired a fee Developer to develop the project. The lease was
between the LLC and an entity formed by Jim Smailey. Mr. Smailey was the
son of Patrick Smailey, both of whom were principals of the Fee Developer.
None of the Smaileys owned any interest in College Terrace Centre LLC.

Council Member Scharff referenced the requirement to provide a signed
lease for the grocery store enforceable against the tenant. The Applicant
provided a redacted copy of the lease. He could not support approval of the
tenant without information redacted from the lease.      He asked if the
Applicant would provide that information.

Mr. Polentz reported the same discussion occurred when entitlements were
issued in 2010. The prior City Attorney advised the City Council at that time
as to how and why the redactions occurred. Ms. Silver approved the form of
the lease provided in 2010. Sutti Associates received an unredacted copy of
the lease along with other requested information.

Council Member Scharff stated the City Council had to make the decision,
not Sutti Associates. The ownership received a larger building in exchange
for a public benefit. He asked if the Applicant would supply a copy of the
lease.

Mr. Polentz responded no, the Applicant would not provide a copy of the
lease in a public forum.

Council Member Scharff understood the tenant would provide a comparable
quality of products and services. The consultant reported it had no basis to
compare services because the Applicant did not provide information. He
could not determine whether services were comparable without having all
the information.

Ms. Lawson indicated the Applicant did not provide the specific names of
people providing services. The consultant had that information for review.

                                                                       Page 22 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
