                     DRAFT MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd felt it would depend on how the conversation developed.
The time was appropriate for Council Members to share their ideas. She had
not envisioned a structure for the discussion.

Council Member Burt concurred with the City Manager's suggestion for
Council Member comment, public comment, and then Council Member
discussion.

Mayor Shepherd agreed to proceed in that manner.

Council Member Burt felt parking and traffic as well as zoning were hefty
topics. It would be difficult to discuss all of them in one meeting. Perhaps
the topics could be separated.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Member Burt clarify a process for
discussing traffic and parking.

Council Member Burt believed Council Members would have questions and
comments on traffic and parking issues. The Council's guidance would
pertain to zoning issues.

Mr. Keene understood the intent of the August 6, 2014 Motion was for Staff
to report on their work plan in order to inform a Council discussion of
potential zoning changes and changes to the Comprehensive Plan process
and schedule. The work plan was a resource document for the Council to
see the initiatives Staff was working on. The intent of the Study Session
was to surface perspectives for zoning changes. Staff sensed from the
previous discussion a Council desire to work on zoning actions.

Mayor Shepherd viewed the Study Session as pertaining to commercial
zoning rather than details of the work plan, to determine if Staff had the
capacity for additional assignments.

Council Member Burt concurred with using the work plan to inform the
Council of Staff's capacity and initiatives in process. He asked if Staff had
given any preliminary thought to zoning changes that would shift more
residential development toward California Avenue and Downtown/University
Avenue.

Ms. Gitelman recalled that when the Council last considered the Housing
Element, it directed Staff to obtain certification of the Housing Element with
current housing sites. Following that, the Council would consider eliminating
some sites in the southern part of the City and shifting development farther
north in the context of the Comprehensive Plan Update. Staff anticipated
doing that as part of the Comprehensive Plan Update. Those changes were
                                                                          Page 3 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
