                     FINAL MINUTES

Council Member Klein felt the item was technical and would be referred for
further evaluation; therefore, Council Members' comments should be limited
in the current discussion.

Council Member Schmid indicated the item was first raised by the Council in
2010 and had been discussed by the Architectural Review Board (ARB) and
the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC). It was an extremely
important item and relevant to the Housing Element. A constraint on
discussion was not appropriate.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Schmid's
comments. The item deserved a thorough vetting by the Council. To curtail
Council Member comments was to presume an unknown outcome.

Council Member Burt was concerned that one item addressed both sidewalks
and Floor Area Ratio (FAR). The two issues should be agendized separately.
He could support the Motion if the Council was willing to continue the item
should it not be willing to take any of the recommended actions. He
inquired whether the maker and seconder of the Motion intended for the
Council to act on the item in the current discussion.

Council Member Klein responded no.    The Council could continue the item
after discussion.

Council Member Scharff believed the Council could take action, postpone or
table the item.

Council Member Burt clarified that he questioned whether the maker and
seconder intended for the Council to necessarily take action.

Council Member Scharff replied no. Council Members could utilize their
seven minutes and then speak to a Motion or Substitute Motion once it was
made. Limiting the initial round of Council Member comments to seven
minutes was logical.

Mayor Shepherd agreed that the Council would need a later substantive
discussion of the issues.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Council Member Burt was suggesting or
including in the Motion to separate the issues of sidewalks and FAR.



                                                                         Page 7 of 26
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                          Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
