                             MINUTES
He questioned the need for residents to pay twice as much as visitors when
visitors consumed more City services.

Mr. Keene clarified that the City was collecting a fee for capital facilities
rather than operating costs. The volume of calls for service did not directly
correlate with the need to invest in facilities. The Council could not utilize
service calls to determine who benefited from City services.

Mr. N. Perez added that there was a tension between relative fee levels and
absolute fee amounts. If the amount collected from fees was approximately
50/50, then the tension became more balanced.

Council Member Schmid was concerned that the resident equivalent paid
twice as much as a business equivalent.

Ms. Nagel explained that the non-residential fee was calculated per 1,000
square feet. Residential fees were calculated per unit or home or multiple
family unit. Those two calculations were not the same, because 1,000
square feet assumed a certain number of employees. A single family home
was assumed to house 2.7 people. A single family home would pay $4,500
for both fees at the maximum level. A commercial space would pay only
$2,500, but paid for only 1.5 people.

Council Member Schmid noted 1,000 square feet was assumed to hold 4
people for a commercial space.

Mr. N. Perez reported the term equivalent dwelling unit did not necessarily
mean 1,000 residential square feet equaled a dwelling unit. It was a method
to standardize measurements for purposes of allocations within the
residential categories.

Council Member Schmid expressed concern that assumptions utilized in
developing standards did not match the characteristics of Palo Alto. He
asked if the statement on Packet Page 474 regarding the affordable housing
fee not being charged to office was true.

Mr. N. Perez advised that according to Municipal Code Section 16.47 it was
not charged to office.

Council Member Schmid remarked that office would account for twice the
number of people added to the daytime population, yet it did not pay a
housing fee.    The report indicated a review of housing fees was not
performed, because it was covered in the Housing Element. The Housing
Element did not currently contain a housing fee. He asked why a nexus
study for housing was not performed.

11/03/2014                                                             116- 57
