                             MINUTES
scenarios; although, he probably would not necessarily support all of them.
The notion that Staff created a range for amounts of growth did not
necessarily identify whether the range included the correct types and
locations of growth.

Ms. Gitelman agreed that the discussion focused on the amount of growth.
The scenarios did include the location of growth. Location of growth was the
only difference between Scenarios 2 and 3. Scenario 4 was defined to
include residential development on the other side of Highway 101. The
scenarios would provide a test of locations for growth. There could be other
ideas Staff did not include, but Staff attempted to include a range of location
choices.

Council Member Burt felt the range was broader than that proposed by Staff.
There were a number of alternatives for location and type of growth. He had
not seen a focus on commercial growth. He was unsure whether the
scenarios had fleshed out ranges of alternatives for the location, type, and
amount of growth. He expressed concern that Staff was not setting the
proper context for community discussions. The 1998 Comprehensive Plan
was developed with extensive community discussions over several years and
was based primarily on New Urbanism values. Staff did not resurrect that
discussion in the community. He requested Staff comment on whether a
foundational discussion in the community based upon the existing
Comprehensive Plan was needed in order to launch a meaningful discussion
regarding alternatives.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff would have proposed an in-depth community
engagement process around values and concepts if Staff had not been
working on the Comprehensive Plan Update for several years. Staff believed
they could begin the EIR process and simultaneously discuss policy issues.
It was challenging to think about alternatives at the same time as a
collective vision. The community was accustomed to assimilating data and
using that data to make decisions. The community could follow the dual-
track process and finish with a collective vision that expressed values from
the existing Comprehensive Plan and reflected the principles of
sustainability.

Mr. Keene remarked that the ability to converse and be knowledgeable
about the Comprehensive Plan as an expression of the community was not
routine. He did not view the update process as eliminating the qualities of
New Urbanism embedded in the existing Comprehensive Plan. The EIR
portion of the process could focus on management of growth and
identification of environmental impacts, and then be followed by a granular
discussion of form, design, and quality.

                                                                          Page 7 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes 08/06/14
