                            MINUTES

Council Member Price thought the Staff recommendation of associating the
two systems was logical. She inquired whether improving U&O data was
part of the work plan.

Mr. Pirnejad reported the work plan was to clean up the U&O process as part
of the business registry effort. This was an opportunity to combine all
efforts, streamline the U&O process, and create an automated system.

Council Member Price felt setting a new baseline would be valuable. She
asked if costs reported in the Staff Report remained applicable given the
elements of the Motion.

Mr. Fehrenbach preferred to perform some calculations before answering.

Council Member Holman did not understand the actions Staff proposed with
respect to notifying the business community about the business registry.
She asked if notification could occur by address.

Mr. Fehrenbach would need to look at a number of sources including address
and suite number, tax records, and Santa Clara County records to determine
the number of businesses and their locations. Staff needed to build a solid
outreach plan to drive businesses to the web site tool.

Council Member Holman suggested any new U&O Permit require completion
of a business registry form. The Council was not discouraging work on the
U&O process; rather, the Council was decoupling the two efforts.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to restate the first paragraph in the Motion to:
“to direct Staff to move forward with a two phase framework to implement
an annual Business Registry Certificate (BRC) Ordinance & Fee Program as a
full cost-recovery.”

Mayor Shepherd wanted Staff to launch the business registry while revising
U&O Permits.

Mr. Keene noted the Motion did not define phase one and phase two with
respect to time. The Council wanted to implement the business registry
component with the understanding that work on the U&O component would
continue. Ultimately the two processes could be merged.

Mayor Shepherd felt incorporating that into a recommendation after Staff
worked on the U&O system would be useful. She inquired whether the
Council needed to provide specific direction to Staff.

04/29/2014                                                         114- 545
