   8. Allow for use of the playing fields at Cubberley for maximum time
      period possible.

Council Member Scharff hoped the City and PAUSD could reach a resolution
quickly. He encouraged the City and PAUSD to develop a sensible timeline
as the Superintendent Skelly was departing in June 2014.

Council Member Klein recalled his involvement in drafting the original lease
with PAUSD. The circumstances had changed since 1988, and the lease
needed to change as well. Staff's recommendations for a new lease were
fair. He would not support a month-to-month carryover lease. PAUSD
Board Members indicated Ventura was not a potential school site. In which
case, the City should be allowed to improve Ventura facilities. He did not
believe a joint use of Cubberley was possible in the near term.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to adjust the rent on the 27 acres to be the same
as the 35 acres, and discuss with PAUSD appropriate measures to be taken
for the portion of Palo Alto that is not in the PAUSD.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to include: 1) adjustment of rent paid by City to
PAUSD, if City loses anchor tenants such as Foothill College; 2) eliminate the
24 month Notice Clause in the existing lease which gives the PAUSD the
right to cancel the lease; and 3) discussion of better access to other school
site fields and facility use.

Council Member Klein was agreeable to sharing profits with PAUSD if the
space currently occupied by Foothill College could be rented at a higher rate.
The City and PAUSD should share risks.

Council Member Price largely concurred with recommendations.          She
inquired whether the City would be prevented from investing in the Ventura
site if the buy-back/repurchase option remained in the lease.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer, reported the lease contained a provision
requiring PAUSD approval of any City capital project over the amount of
$100,000 plus CPI increases.

Council Member Price felt the City operated the Ventura site in an
environment of uncertainty, because PAUSD had not explicitly stated its
need for the site. The whole corridor needed and should have a community
center comparable to other facilities in the City. Reconfiguration of the
City's 8 acres at Cubberley should not preclude PAUSD from developing the
site for an educational use or facility.


02/24/2014                                                             114- 345
