                             MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Berman, Burt, Klein absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, encouraged parents to review the City's website
regarding Safe Routes to School as the school year would begin the following
week. The City turned on the first bicycle traffic signals at Alma Street and
Lytton Avenue. New green bicycle boxes at intersections were waiting areas
for cyclists. The County of Santa Clara was working to complete the Oregon
Expressway Project prior to the start of the school year. He requested Staff
work with the County of Santa Clara regarding the staging of projects. The
Library Department subscribed to IndieFlix as an additional service for its
cardholders. Furniture was moved into the new Mitchell Park Library, and
books would be delivered the following week for shelving. The City's solar
rebate program, PV Partners, was slated to expire as funding was dwindling
rapidly.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ken Horowitz thanked the Council for allowing members of the Page Mill
YMCA to speak the previous week. Members were not requesting Council
intervention in Silicon Valley YMCA's decision to close the Page Mill YMCA.
Members continued efforts to keep the Page Mill YMCA open.

Peter Holland felt the Architectural Review Board's (ARB) review of the 385
Sherman Avenue Project lacked transparency. The community was not
given sufficient time to review and comment on voluminous documents. He
requested the Council direct Staff to delay the next ARB hearing.

Elizabeth Greenfield created a program for third graders to learn about local
government and community engagement as a Girl Scout project. Students
received classroom instruction and tours of City Hall.

Mark Weiss felt the Ventura neighborhood could benefit from a new park.
The Council and Staff seemed to think the Fry's site was near California
Avenue when it was closer to the Ventura neighborhood.        He found
community support for having a park in Ventura.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the minutes of June 16 and 23, 2014.

                                                                        Page 2 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
