Mayor Shepherd reiterated that a Motion was on the floor.

Council Member Burt wished to discuss all measures concurrently as some
Council comments would not fall within a specific recommendation.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Council had an option to discuss all
recommendations under a single Motion; however, the Motion covered only
one recommendation.     Council discussion would be limited to the
recommendation contained within the Motion.

Council Member Scharff supported a TMA.

Council Member Holman supported the Staff recommendation and the
statement to solicit a proposal to establish a nonprofit TMA. A TMA should
not be part of another organization with limited membership. She asked
how the City would maintain authority or input once the TMA became self-
sustaining. She also inquired about the selection process for and the
composition of the Steering Committee.

Mr. Aknin indicated initially the City would actively participate within the
Steering Committee, which would be Staff appointed. As in other cities, the
City would have a position on the TMA Board in order to provide input to the
TMA Board.

Ms. Sullivan added that the third-party consultant would be responsible for
phase 1 community outreach to identify members for the working group.

Council Member Holman asked if meetings of the Steering Committee would
be open to the public.

Ms. Sullivan responded yes.

Council Member Price noted a majority of emails to the Council were positive
regarding implementation of a TMA.         Because many cities with TMA
Programs were similar to Palo Alto, Staff could utilize those models to speed
the process. She concurred with having an anticipated timeline so that the
business community, residents, and commuters could be aware of
implementation dates.      The City's TMA could have a collaborative
relationship with other TMAs.

Council Member Berman felt a TMA could be the most effective of all TDM
Programs if set up properly. A TMA would create a platform of tools that all
Downtown businesses were interested in and willing to use. Obtaining
baseline data to determine effectiveness and to set goals was incredibly
important.   He encouraged Staff to consider new participants for the
Steering Committee.

02/24/2014                                                            114- 333
