land use or policy changes. In 2006, the Council wanted to focus on a
number of issues, including preservation of commercial land uses, retail and
services; incorporation of sustainability concepts; updating the Housing
Element; and preparing Concept Area Plans for California Avenue and East
Meadow. In 2010, the Council provided direction to Staff: 1) to update
growth projections; 2) to update the document structure, vision, goals,
policies and programs and to remove repetition and redundancy; and 3) to
consider policies for the south El Camino Real area. Staff worked with the
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) to address those items.
Where appropriate, Staff included community involvement from partners and
stakeholder groups. Staff reviewed draft edits with other Boards and
Commissions and then reviewed each Element with the P&TC as a public
hearing item. The P&TC accepted those Elements. Staff reviewed six of the
seven draft Element goals, policies, and programs. Staff felt the Governance
Element could be completed near the end of the process and could serve as
an executive summary. The two Concept Area Plans and a future year traffic
demand forecasting model were prepared. Now was the time to forge a
collective vision for the City, to consolidate all concurrent planning efforts,
and to question growth management strategies. Our Palo Alto was a
framework for planning efforts and provided an opportunity for broad
community engagement.         Staff proposed a ceremonial kick-off of the
Comprehensive Plan update process by reuniting participants in the 1998
Comprehensive Plan effort.        Staff proposed to convene a Community
Leadership Group comprised of a broad spectrum of the community. Within
the kick-off phase, Staff would issue the formal Notice of Preparation and
project description to begin the environmental review and scoping period.
Community engagement would begin in April 2014 and extend through
August 2014. Staff would release and distribute baseline data including
studies focused on build-out calculations, jobs, housing, and employment
trends. Development of alternative scenarios would be studied in the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR). Staff wanted to listen to community
ideas and concerns for the future, hold public hearings, and provide
information through the City's website. Staff would utilize online tools and
social media and hold a symposium throughout the City on current issues
such as housing affordability, demographics, urban design, and automobile
use. After completing public outreach, Staff would develop the draft EIR and
Comprehensive Plan document. Another series of public engagements would
be utilized to select preferred alternatives. In 2015, Staff would release the
final Comprehensive Plan document and the final EIR with expanded analysis
of the preferred alternative scenario and would respond to public comment.
The final EIR and Comprehensive Plan could be adopted and certified by
December 2015. In early 2016, Staff proposed creating an online and
interactive user's guide to provide greater accessibility to the Comprehensive
Plan. The Comprehensive Plan consultant, Place Works, began working with
                                                                         Page 13 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 03/17/14
