                        FINAL MINUTES
charging. The City expanded the Disposable Bag Ordinance, shifting all bag
use to paper. There was a Two Cart Collection Pilot program that shifted a
significant amount of organic waste from landfill to recycling, which
eliminated one bin of garbage collection; that significantly reduced the cost
for garbage collection. The Council approved an expansion to the Percent
for Art program to include new residential projects of five units or more, as
well commercial projects that were upwards of 10,000 square feet and had a
cost of $200,000 to build; developers needed to set aside one percent of the
estimated cost of their projects for public art. In relation to the Cubberley
Community Center, Palo Alto contributed more funding to Santa Clara
County for housing for homeless individuals in Palo Alto. The Council
extended the ban on smoking to all public parks, which included the Golf
Course. The City purchased 52 Automatic External Defibrillators, 12 of
which were deployed in patrol vehicles, the remaining were installed in other
parts of the City. The Council raised the Rainbow Flag during the Supreme
Court Hearings to show Palo Alto’s support for same-sex marriage. Some
special events included the installation of the Aurora art project in front of
City Hall and the 50th anniversary of the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I Have
a Dream” speech. He reported that Palo Alto has a balanced Budget and the
Council set policies on how to deploy development funds as part of the
Stanford Hospital agreement. The City maintained a AAA Bond Rating, the
highest rating of one of a few in the State of California. The City received a
Beacon Award from the League of California Cities for addressing and solving
climate change issues at the local level. The City was recognized by the
California State Municipal Finance Officer and the Governmental Finance
Officers Association (GFOA) of America for innovation for Open Budget and
web-based data visualization regarding government spending. The City
received the GFOA award for excellent year-end financials and an Alliance
for Innovation National award for excellence in innovation and local
government. Livability.com did a comparative analysis of a range of cities
across the Country and ranked Palo Alto as number one most livable City in
the Country. At the National League of Cities (NLC) Conference in Seattle,
Washington, Palo Alto received the Center for Digital Government award for
2013 as the number one City of its size and population for best use of
technology in government. The NLC stated that next to the city of Boston,
Palo Alto would have come in second for all jurisdictions of it size for efforts
made. Palo Alto was honored by the White House for Open Government and
Civic Hacking program.         Looking forward, Mitchell Park Library was
scheduled to open in 2014. There was an Infrastructure Funding Plan that
was being put together to close the gaps on infrastructure and the 18 month
long Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee. The City planned on concluding
the discussion with PAUSD regarding the Cubberley Community Center and
the potential renewal of its lease. Palo Alto needed to adopt a new Housing
                                                                            Page 5 of 11
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 01/06/14
