                            MINUTES
Council Member Schmid noted tables concerning population and job
forecasts were identified as City of Palo Alto/ABAG. He assumed the Council
would discuss that.

Ms. Gitelman would review those tables again. The City often relied on
ABAG projections for jobs, but disputed ABAG's projection for population and
households. ABAG's projection was higher than the City's historic average in
terms of unit creation. A policy issue for discussion was whether a future
Comprehensive Plan would allow the City's non-residential development to
grow to the extent assumed by ABAG. Another issue was whether relocating
housing sites would enable additional housing units and additional
households such that the City's population and housing numbers would more
closely align with ABAG's projections.

Council Member Schmid asked if ABAG mandated a job number.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the numbers were projections, not requirements
or mandates. Much of the projected job growth resulted from the number of
workers placed in existing building space.

Council Member Schmid asked if the January working session would be a
Study Session or an Action Item.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff wanted to obtain some Council direction for
next steps; therefore, it would be an Action Item.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the January meeting would be the
Council's only opportunity to discuss the Comprehensive Plan before the
summit meeting.

Ms. Gitelman did not know. The Action Item in January regarding metering
the pace of non-residential growth would likely have follow-up discussions.
There would be quite a bit of Council activity as Staff prepared for the
summit meeting.

Council Member Schmid indicated the Council should be aware that the
January meeting could be its only opportunity to provide guidance before
community meetings began. The most recent annual report regarding the
parking deficit disclosed 800 underparked jobs in the Downtown area.
Parking discussions over the prior few weeks seemed to indicate the number
was 1,600. He asked how the Council should consider that gap heading into
the January meeting.




12/08/2014                                                           116- 210
