                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Scharff reported Mr. Pierce suggested the sites during a
meeting of the RHMC. Council Member Holman requested Staff consider the
sites. At a subsequent RHMC meeting, Mr. Pierce's representative advocated
for the inclusion of the Arastradero Road sites. Council Member Holman
moved to proceed; however, the Motion did not receive a second.

Council Member Holman clarified that her Motion was to review the sites.

Council Member Scharff indicated the discussion ended at that point. He
argued against inclusion of the Arastradero Road sites, because the sites
would require rezoning from R-1 to RM-30.

Council Member Burt did not understand how the columns in Appendix B
related to the Housing Element. Density allowed under existing zoning,
maximum yield, and realistic capacity did not appear to be the same as
contained in the housing inventory. There was no column for amounts listed
in the housing inventory.

Mr. Wong explained that realistic capacity was the 20 units per acre
calculation. For example, sites zoned CN (Neighborhood Commercial) were
upzoned to 20 units per acre, the maximum zoning allowed for the sites.
470 Cambridge Avenue was zoned for 30 units per acre. Staff did not
calculate it at the maximum density yield, because the realistic capacity was
more appropriate.

Council Member Burt inquired about the reasoning for utilizing 20 units per
acre as the realistic capacity.

Mr. Wong indicated in RM-30 or CS zones, which allowed a maximum of 30
units per acre, the City historically had not approved 30 units per acre.
Generally the City approved approximately 20 units per acre. The realistic
capacity was used to match the City's default density assigned by the State.

Council Member Burt asked if the State would recognize the City's
permissible density in the Housing Element.

Mr. Wong reported for sites zoned RM-30, the State would not generally
accept the full 30 units per acre, because historically the City had not
approved 30 units per acre.

Council Member Burt remarked that allowing a Floor Area Ratio (FAR)
increase beyond the amount allowed by current zoning was different from
allowing unit density aligned with FAR. He wanted to understand where the
City did not allow that.


                                                                          Page 10 of 14
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 06/04/14
