                      FINAL MINUTES

Council Member Price expressed concern that the Committee discussion
could encompass any issue mentioned in the Staff Report. She questioned
whether Staff had sufficient information to prepare background information
for the Committee.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Members address the Amendment. A
discussion of election by district and directly electing the Mayor would need
community dialog.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

Council Member Price was concerned about the time needed to address
these important issues. She requested Staff clarify topics to be presented to
the Committee.

Ms. Stump would work with the Committee Chair to frame the item. She did
not anticipate any specific Staff work prior to direction from the Committee.

Mr. Keene reported the Committee on May 20, 2014 could direct Staff to
perform additional research and return to the Committee at a subsequent
meeting.

Council Member Berman expressed concern that Charter amendments would
negatively impact the ability of residents to serve on the Council. Charter
amendments should not affect sitting Council Members.

Council Member Schmid noted the Staff report mentioned six items, and the
Amendment excluded two of those items. He inquired whether the Motion
directed the Committee to discuss only the remaining four items.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the City Clerk requested the Council consider
adopting the Secretary of State's method for determining ballot order of
names.

Council Member Schmid supported limiting the number of items for
Committee discussion in order to create an agenda for Staff and the
Committee.

Mayor Shepherd wanted to increase the number of terms Council Members
could serve so that they could serve on regional Boards and Commissions.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

                                                                           Page 20 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
