            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Ms. Sullivan wanted useful data to be a part of the app. The City did not
have the technology solution in place to provide useful data to an app.

Mr. Keene added that the hardware had to be installed in parking garages
and lots to provide information to an app.

Ms. Sullivan could quickly have an app that indicated locations of garages
and lots and cost of parking permits, but no real-time data.

Council Member Klein assumed that once            data   infrastructure       was
implemented, the app would be developed.

Ms. Sullivan concurred.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff could reduce the six-month delay under
Option 2 by compressing time for Architectural Review Board (ARB) review
of signage or time to issue an RFP.

Ms. Gitelman noted ARB review applied to both Options 1 and 2. The delay
could be six months, because the Council had not made a decision regarding
which Revenue and Access Controls to pursue and the size of the program.
The community had not discussed the different technologies. Staff wished to
issue an RFP in order to learn about costs, strengths and weaknesses of
each technology and then make a decision. The decision-making process
could extend the delay.

Mr. Keene suggested the delay could be shortened by compressing the time
for Council and community discussion.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff review each component of the process
and determine whether the time for any component could be shortened.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff would work as quickly as possible if the
Council adopted Option 2. Staff would solicit proposals on a number of
technologies and then return to the Council and community for a difficult
decision.

Council Member Klein recalled the statement that loops could cost $500,000
and could be obsolete within six months. He inquired whether Staff could
identify any other costs that would be lost by starting with Option 1. The
tradeoff appeared to be $500,000 versus six months with a potentially better
system under Option 2.

Mr. Keene wished to be clear about the schedule issue. The six-month delay
applied to the delay in implementation of PGS. Staff had not spoken to the

                                                                        Page 15 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
