                             MINUTES
Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, remarked that a business first
contacted the City when obtaining building permits for tenant improvements.
Typically the City had some leverage at that point.          If supplemental
information was required later, Staff could propose a process for that.

Council Member Scharff remarked that the amendment process was a little
odd. Charitable nonprofits should not be exempt, because the Business
Registry was not a tax and the fee amount was de minimis. He did not see a
need for an inspector to physically check businesses for posted BRCs. Staff
should be able to verify registration electronically.

Ms. Silver explained that the provision pertained to a tenant of an internal
office as a sub-lessee of a primary tenant. Staff had no way of knowing
whether a particular business was licensed just by reviewing electronic
information. The inspection process was another method for obtaining that
information.

Council Member Scharff commented that any business of substance would
have employees and need its name on a sign outside the building. Staff
could utilize that information to verify electronically whether the business
had a BRC. With respect to Section 4.60.160, he asked why the City would
need the power to deny a business registration. He did not view registration
as discretionary.

Ms. Silver concurred with striking Section 4.60.160.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the rules and regulations that the
Director of the Administrative Services Department (ASD) could implement.
The Council would not be able to provide input or approve those rules.

Ms. Silver advised that Council Member Scharff's syndication scenario was a
good example of the need for administrative rules which could be instituted
by the Director.

Council Member Scharff was unsure whether Staff had the right to
implement administrative rules.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, noted the provision was standard in any kind of
regulatory regime. It did not allow anyone at an administrative level to
override provisions of an Ordinance. Provisions of the Ordinance were the
priority and must be adhered to. To the extent there were administrative
implementation issues or areas where the Ordinance did not provide
sufficient detail, then those issues could be resolved through administrative
rules and regulations without requiring an amendment of the Ordinance. If
                                                                       Page 13 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
