                             MINUTES
that the date of the Comprehensive Plan would change to 2030 necessitated
the type of analysis Staff would perform in the EIR. The Council had to
define what Staff would analyze in the EIR. Staff suggested the City take
advantage of the EIR to review a range of scenarios. If the Council chose to
focus on Scenario 2, then the same schedule would result.

Council Member Holman asked what a five-year plan would entail.

Ms. Gitelman felt the community wanted a cumulative impact analysis.
Whether a five-year, ten-year or fifteen-year analysis, it was a substantial
undertaking. It would take a great deal of creativity to develop a mitigation
regime to address impacts. She could not guarantee a shorter update would
mean a lesser process.

Council Member Scharff found the process frustrating. While the community
and the Council wanted a cumulative impact analysis, they also wanted to
solve problems quickly. The Comprehensive Plan Update should proceed in
the next few months; however, it did not feel ready for analysis. He would
not support Scenario 4. Staff argued in support of collecting data for
Scenario 4. An argument that inclusion of Scenario 4 was good EIR planning
was different from an argument that the Council might adopt Scenario 4.
The Council needed better data and a plan to solve problems now. He was
unclear as to the options the Council had without updating the
Comprehensive Plan. Staff should review the resources they needed to
complete initiatives and proceed with the Comprehensive Plan Update in a
way that engaged the community and provided required scenarios.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to direct Staff to return to Council with:         1) revised scoping
scenarios for the Comprehensive Plan to include revised data input from
Council; and 2) a plan to address current parking, traffic, and density issues
in a reasonably short period of time.

Council Member Scharff wanted a plan to solve immediate problems and a
long-term plan for a defensible EIR to proceed with the Comprehensive Plan
Update.    Staff needed to determine whether they needed additional
resources to address those challenges.

Council Member Schmid believed the current Comprehensive Plan resulted in
some real surprises. The existing Comprehensive Plan should be reviewed
for provisions that were exploited to undermine the intentions of the 1998
Comprehensive Plan. Continuing the Comprehensive Plan Update process
would allow examination of alternatives to address issues.


                                                                        Page 14 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
