                             MINUTES
      Resolution 9432 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto and Amending the Terms for the Utility Management Professional
      Association, Adopted by Resolution No. 9359 to Correct the Salary for
      One Position and Add Two New Positions (CONTINUED FROM JUNE 9,
      2014).”


Walter Rossmann, Office of Management and Budget Director, recapped the
previous Council tentative approvals for the budget processes and requested
Council approve the Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 Budget.

Public Hearing reopened at 8:05 P.M.

Stephanie Munoz spoke of the Budget Reserve and suggested there be a
special portion in the Reserve for items needed but not thought of.

Public Hearing closed at 8:07 P.M.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, announced the budget discussions allowed for
the separation of specific items within the budget that may be of conflict to
the voting members. Stanford would be heard as a separate item due to
conflicts of interest for certain Council Members.

Council Member Klein advised he would not be participating in the budget as
it related to Stanford University because his wife was on the faculty.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to approve the Police, Fire, and CIP Budgets related to Stanford
University.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein not participating

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to adopt the Budget Ordinance for Fiscal Year 2015, including
Adoption of Operating and Capital Budgets and Municipal Fee Schedule;
Ordinance of the Council Amending Chapter 2.08 of Title 2 of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code to Add Section 2.08.250 Creating a New Department of
Development Services; Adoption of five Resolutions, including: Adopting a
Dark Fiber Rate Increase of 2.6% and Amending Utility Rate Schedules EDF-
1 and EDF-2; Amending Utility Rate Schedule D-1 (Storm and Surface Water
Drainage) to Increase Storm Drain Rates by 2.6 Percent Per Month Per
Equivalent Residential Unit for Fiscal Year 2015;



06/16/2014                                                            115- 162
