                      FINAL MINUTES
additional ridership. Another population to consider for ridership was those
who owned a car but wanted to take public transit.

Robert Moss related the history of Palo Alto's previous bus service and VTA's
failure to continue it. The west shuttle route offered some advantages to
riders and offered changes to the route.

Mark Weiss wanted Staff to work more closely with Stanford University's
Marguerite system.

Herb Borock requested the Council ensure the final survey report showed
survey responses to each question by route. Staff should have data from
the original Crosstown route that showed the change in ridership when
headways shifted from 30 minutes to 60 minutes. Vista Center should
approach Stanford University to reinstate a route to the Research Park.

Stephanie Munoz suggested placing signage at shuttle stops listing arrival
times and a design competition for benches at shuttle stops. The City
should not have to provide service because VTA charged for transfers.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Price to
direct Staff to investigate the following::

(1)   increasing the frequency of service on the existing Crosstown Shuttle
      Route;

(2)   soliciting private-sector funding to offset the costs of a new West
      Shuttle Route from the University Caltrain Station into the West
      Bayshore Business Park in Mountain View, and not starting the shuttle
      until funding is secured; and

(3)   initiating trial service between Downtown/University Avenue and the
      Stanford Shopping Center Trolley in Summer 2015.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether there would be a consortium between
Caltrain and the business community in Silicon Valley.

Ms. Levin responded yes. An alliance of major employers would advocate
for funding to add capacity to Caltrain.

Vice Mayor Kniss knew the private sector was interested in their employees'
modes of transportation. Employers interested in increased funding for
Caltrain would also be interested in the City's shuttle service. The City
needed to be aggressive in soliciting funding and in marketing.


                                                                        Page 16 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes10/27/14
