                             MINUTES
The community should discuss sustainable development, quantity and
quality of development, and impact of development. A 10 percent shift to
alternative modes of transportation could have a significant impact on traffic
and parking. He inquired whether other colleagues were interested in this
type of discussion. Once biking and walking were more convenient and
attractive, health benefits would follow. He was anxious to review surveys
specific to Palo Alto that provided the anticipated adoption rate of zero
emission vehicles in the coming years and decade. The graph on natural gas
appeared to show a 3 percent per year annualized increase in natural gas;
however, he did not believe natural gas consumption was increasing year
over year.

Mr. Friend explained that the graph should be considered a schematic of the
shape of an analysis.

Karl Van Orsdal, DNV-GL Consulting Firm, added that increased usage of
natural gas resulted from lower prices and higher use in the commercial
sector.

Mr. Friend advised that Staff would utilize precise numbers in evaluating
variables.

Council Member Burt believed the City's baseline was lower than shown;
therefore, the opportunity to reduce was even better. He looked forward to
hearing from Colleagues regarding integrating sustainability with the
Comprehensive Plan more deeply than previously discussed.

Council Member Holman recalled that when the Comprehensive Plan Update
began, it was decided to integrate sustainability into the chapters. If
sustainability was better integrated into the Comprehensive Plan, then
complaints of competing goals and policies would decrease. With respect to
transportation issues, Staff should consider the Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) along with other jurisdictions. She suggested more police
officers utilize bicycles to meet sustainability goals and to increase
interaction with the community.

Mr. Friend indicated sustainability efforts often improved other things. More
police officers on bicycles could result in better policing, better community
relations, arguably less crime, fewer emissions, and healthier police officers.
The Safe Routes to School Program was working to build a cultural shift from
driving to biking and walking.




12/08/2014                                                             116- 195
