                             MINUTES

Council Member Burt believed Staff's proposed language for Section
10.50.040 language would allow the Council to express urgency. The
substitute proposed language would induce neighborhoods to bypass the
process. Section 10.50.080 should clearly state that employee permits were
not necessarily allowed in annexed areas.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER Section 10.50.060(b)(6) "such other matters as
the Council may deem necessary and desirable including fees, whether non-
residential permits are allowed to be sold, and transferability."

Mayor Shepherd wanted adjacent neighborhoods to be notified of pending
RPP applications. A shift in parking intrusion would be an unintended
consequence of RPP Districts. The College Terrace RPP Program did not
allow employee parking. She inquired whether Staff considered that in the
framework for other neighborhoods.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the College Terrace parking program was
considered an RPP District.

Mr. Keene confirmed that it did not allow employee permits.

Ms. Sullivan reported that the Ordinance was designed to accommodate
different types of programs.

Mayor Shepherd recalled that the College Terrace program did not allow
non-residents to park in the neighborhood. That was not part of the criteria
for the framework.

Ms. Sullivan explained that the framework did not specify whether non-
residential parking was allowed or not allowed. The framework would allow
College Terrace to continue as designed.

Mayor Shepherd asked if a new RPP District could prohibit non-resident
parking.

Ms. Gitelman reported the concept was for each neighborhood to be subject
to its own data collection and community outreach process and adoption of a
Resolution with provisions specific to the neighborhood. A new RPP District
could be designed similar to the College Terrace RPP Program.

Mayor Shepherd noted high schools students were parking in adjacent
neighborhoods.

Ms. Gitelman agreed that the Ordinance provided flexibility to take action in
individual neighborhoods.


12/02/2014                                                            116- 180
