                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt explained once the Council took the proposed action, a
potential rate decrease would become a topic of conversation and would
generate public comment.

Mr. Saccio asked if the rate decrease would apply only to the telephone
portion of the UUT, such that the 5 percent rate would be maintained on all
other utilities.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Mr. Saccio's calculations for the
revenue decreases applied to the telephone rate only.

Mr. Saccio replied yes.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff consider both alternatives. He did not
believe there was much reason to change the rate for the other utilities.

Mr. Saccio indicated a 0.5 percent rate discount for all utilities would result
in a $1.1 million reduction in revenue.

Council Member Burt felt the City did not need a significant revenue gain
from eliminating the large user discount. Staff should consider various
scenarios for revenue to be neutral.

Council Member Berman assumed rate reductions made by other cities
affected telephone only.

Ms. Stump responded yes. Staff would provide the Council with analysis of
rate reductions. She inquired whether the Council wished the analysis to
consider only 0.2 percent, 0.25 percent and 0.5 percent rate reductions for
telephone or for all utilities.

James Keene, City Manager, believed Staff could return quickly with several
scenarios.

Council Member Berman did not want reductions to exceed $550,000.

Council Member Burt felt the Amendment was worded to provide Staff with
discretion regarding scenarios.

Council Member Holman interpreted the last Amendment to mean Staff
would make the final determinations and asked if the Council should make
the final determination.

Council Member Berman interpreted the language as the Council would
make a final determination once it analyzed the options provided by Staff.

                                                                         Page 19 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/24/2014
