                            MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd understood Council Member Berman was attempting to
offer a Substitute Motion.

Council Member Burt asked if a Substitute Motion was permissible. The
discussion moved from holding an Open or Closed Session for Item Number
1 to a broader discussion of referring issues to the Policy and Services
Committee.

Ms. Stump understood Council Member Berman was considering whether to
broaden one aspect to include not going into Closed Session on Item
Number 2. The Council could do that. Council Member Berman requested
the City Manager's opinion on that. The initial part of the Motion was to
place on a future agenda, perhaps at the next meeting, a policy discussion
on the topic. The Council could generally discuss setting future agendas
without having a specific item agendized.

Council Member Burt remarked that Council Members usually initiated
agenda items within Council Member Comments.

Ms. Stump agreed the Council frequently initiated new items within a noticed
item.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by
Mayor Shepherd to schedule a broader Council policy discussion on October
6, 2014, regarding compensation for non-represented employees in public or
in Closed Session, and to continue Agenda Item Number 1 until after the
policy discussion.

Council Member Berman indicated the Council needed a proper discussion of
when to hold discussions in Open or Closed Session.

Ms. Stump requested the Substitute Motion clarify whether the Council
would move into Closed Session regarding Agenda Item Number 1 or
continue Item Number 1 pending a policy discussion.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council would entertain Item Number
1 in the current meeting.

Council Member Berman responded no.

Mayor Shepherd withdrew her second to the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Scharff seconded the Substitute Motion. It was important
not to discuss Agenda Item Number 1 prior to a policy discussion. In an
                                                                       Page 4 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/22/14
