                             MINUTES
The City's consultant endorsed College Terrace Market. The consultant's
report indicated the proposed store layout, marketing strategy, and
management team and advisors would create a store that would benefit the
community. College Terrace Market would be comparable, if not superior, in
quality of products and services to JJ&F Market. The only 2014 precondition
for the PC Zone was that construction commence after approval of the
grocery store lease. The lease was approved in writing in 2013 by the City
Attorney's Office. He asked the Council to direct Staff to issue permits that
were initially submitted 90 days earlier and thereafter.

Uriel Chavez, Applicant, related his experience working in, and operating
grocery stores. Services and product selection would be determined by the
community. It would be a full-service grocery store. He was excited about
establishing a community market.

Mr. Baer acknowledged supporters of College Terrace Market; although, not
all would speak during public comment.

Mary Jane Marcus wanted to ensure that a public benefit survived in
perpetuity regardless of the success of the grocery tenant. If the grocery
store failed, the lease, at a reduced rate, should revert to the City for
community use. The public benefit should accrue to the community.

Mora Oommen supported Ms. Marcus' comments. The Council should ensure
the public benefit remained in perpetuity.

Joseph Oeschger, Trustee of the Clara E. Chilcote Trust, read from a letter
he sent to the College Terrace Residents' Association newsletter regarding
ownership of the property. The Oeschger family believed College Terrace
Market would fulfill all requirements, and they would help it succeed. He
urged the Council to approve the lease.

Trish Siddens recounted the Oeschger family's support of JJ&F Market and
the efforts to identify another market. She wanted the Council to approve
College Terrace Market.

Annette Portello Ross stated there was not sufficient time for the Council to
thoroughly assess issues regarding the suitability of the proposed
management team. Issues warranted further review. Perhaps the property
should revert to the original Neighborhood Commercial zoning in order to
complete the project.

Tony Carrasco related a history of Carrasco and Associates' efforts to
maintain a successful grocery store at the location.

Rosine Ferber believed a market was necessary to the shopping center.
James Smailey was the right person to operate the market.

12/01/2014                                                            116- 149
