                             MINUTES
Manish Butte thought the new project replaced the high impact office space.
He biked his kids to school and did not own a car. The figure of 10 percent
of the cars coming out of the neighborhood was reasonable. Regarding
faculty recruitment, people were terrified of the prices in the area and this
project allowed for affordable housing for faculty.

Margit Aramburu remarked that there was flexibility to widen Bowdoin
Street, Columbia Street, and Amherst Street because of the width of those
streets. There was a lack of sidewalks on Amherst Street, including the
connection around the back, but there was flexibility to provide a sidewalk.

Brent Barker thought the lack of a sidewalk on Amherst Street was
impractical because it was unsafe for kids because the planting strip could
be replaced with sidewalk. The narrowing of the A, B, C streets when they
hit California Avenue segregated College Terrace and made it like a gated
community.      He suggested giving up the parking spaces on California
Avenue for a bike lane.

Robert Moss noted Council passed an Ordinance requiring a minimum street
width of 32 feet for all new projects. Turnaround’s for emergency vehicles
needed to be provided. Stanford University said the Trichloroethene (TCE)
levels were adequate for building houses but approval was needed from
Regional Water Control Board, not the Department of Toxic Substance
Control who approved the TCE levels. The TCE values were not given in the
Staff Report; oversight for mitigations of TCE needed to be resolved.

Stephanie Munoz said Staff, the appellant, and the applicant needed to clear
up the suggestions made by the appellant. The City gave up jurisdiction of
review to Stanford University, but that did not mean they would do a good
job. The project needed to be postponed until the problems were worked
out.

Carina Chiang explained that adequate access for emergency vehicles was
needed. The California Vehicle Code required a minimum of three feet to
pass a bicycle; this area anticipated high bicycle traffic. The parcel map
showed shrubs around a transformer pad, but eight feet of clearance was
required; bollard protection was required on Amherst Street.

Herb Borock said the Mayfield project needed to follow changes in the Fire
Code, but the Health and Safety Code required the project comply with the
Palo Alto Fire Code; it did not.



06/23/2014                                                       115- 215
