                            MINUTES
Mr. Fehrenbach anticipated needing the position during Phase 1 to
administer and coordinate the program, most likely during the summer of
2015.

Council Member Price advised that the presentation did not persuade her
that a Program Assistant III was needed. Instead, she recommended
funding for that position be transferred to the Office of Emergency Services
to fund a second position.

Council Member Schmid referenced mentions in the Staff Report of existing
data sources and a number of 11,500; however, there was no explanation.
Federal and State data sources were available. Perhaps Staff should begin
by determining existing information and information that could be obtained
from other sources.

Mr. Fehrenbach reported the City engaged Muni Services to begin compiling
a list of businesses. Muni Services provided a list of 11,500 businesses
including address, phone number. Many of the addresses were clearly
associated with a single business. Additional work was needed to refine the
list.

Council Member Schmid advised that the Staff Report did not mention the
issue of confidentiality. The City should have a statement of the types of
information collected and whether it would be made public. The first survey
should contain general questions that were easy to answer in order to obtain
high rates of return. High quality data at a specific point in time would
provide a basis for everything else. The questionnaire should inquire about
address, number of workers, business type, Standard Industrial
Classification (SIC) Code, ratio of employees to square footage, and ZIP
Code information for workers. Follow-up surveys and questionnaires built on
solid data would be the richest source of strategic data. He concurred with
other Council Member comments regarding physical inspection for BRC.

Council Member Holman wished to capture Council comments in a Motion.

Mayor Shepherd explained that Staff would return with a proposed
Ordinance which incorporated Council comments.

Mr. Keene reported Council comments pertained primarily to language in the
proposed Ordinance and to the questionnaire. Staff had a sense of Council
comments and could redraft the Ordinance. Incorporating all comments into
a Motion would be difficult. The Council wanted a simple registration
process which would form the basis for other surveys. Once registration
began, Staff would discover necessary revisions.
                                                                      Page 17 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/22/14
