Signed comments carried more weight than unsigned comments.                  She
suggested Staff hold public meetings in different areas of the City.

Mayor Shepherd was interested in the Council, Staff, and the community
being more personable. Residents wanted to see each other and know each
other. She believed that was a Core Value.

Mr. Keene believed the Council could discuss Staff returning with Core
Values as an Agenda Item for the next Council meeting. A larger discussion
regarding Our Palo Alto would address the questions of communities and
channels for engagement. Staff made the decision to leave the question
open-ended because the Council did not define Core Values. Staff could
analyze existing responses for data and then perform additional outreach for
specific responses. He requested the Council provide Staff with general
direction regarding a schedule for returning with the Core Values discussion.

Mayor Shepherd understood components of Core Values were woven
throughout the Work Plan. The Council could add items to the Work Plan.

2.   2014 Work Plan and Our Palo Alto Initiative.

James Keene, City Manager, drafted the Agenda for the Retreat based on
Agendas from prior Retreats. In the past, the Council identified Priorities,
and Staff identified needed projects or actions related to those Priorities.
Staff provided their list of potential issues for calendar year 2014. He
discussed the 31 items on the list with the Executive Leadership Team in
relation to programming the items for Council meetings during the year. He
requested the Council discuss the list of items. Staff would return to the
Council within 30 days with details of the items. The discussion of the Our
Palo Alto Initiative would provide additional details about a number of the
items, particularly Land Use and Transportation.

Mayor Shepherd reiterated that Staff would provide a master calendar within
30 days. She noted the list of potential meeting dates did not include a
Council Break.

Mr. Keene felt the Council should first determine the items of importance,
and then consider the scheduling of those topics. Any master calendar
would change as additional issues arose during the year.

Annette Glanckopf was concerned about the omission of public safety and
emergency preparedness from the list of items. She recommended the
Council specifically include in the Work Plan the Public Safety Building as a
Priority.
                                                                        Page 4 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/01/14
