             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
could be implemented faster in parking lots than in garages, and asked if the
Council could direct Staff to begin implementing it in parking lots.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, wanted
to utilize one Revenue and Access Control for both parking lots and garages.
Staff's question for the Council was whether to proceed directly with PGS or
to chose a technology for Revenue and Access Control and then implement
that with PGS.

Mr. Keene advised that there was a time differential between the two
choices of approximately six months.

Ms. Gitelman added that a realistic delay would be three to six months.

Mr. Keene clarified that Option 2 would delay PGS and Revenue and Access
Control by approximately six months.

Council Member Scharff inquired about a timeframe for Option 2 to be
operational.

Ms. Gitelman reported that signage and integrated PGS could be
implemented concurrently with the RPP Program at the beginning of 2015.
Integrating PGS with Revenue and Access Control would take longer.

Council Member Scharff concurred that at some point PGS would need to be
integrated with Revenue and Access Controls.         Option 1 could be
implemented more quickly than Option 2, but could require removal of
recently installed equipment.

Ms. Gitelman advised that signage would not necessarily need to change.
The software would need to change and recently installed equipment could
be abandoned.

Mr. Keene remarked that the Council could miss full consideration of design
alternatives for an integrated system if it chose to act quickly. Decisions
were driven by the RPP Program deadline. Implementing PGS along with the
RPP Program was an easy visual cue for the public. On the other hand,
people could find available spaces in garages without PGS.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether additional Valet Assist Programs
could be instituted while Staff worked on Option 2.

Ms. Gitelman understood the chart indicated additional Valet Assist Programs
would be utilized when additional parking supply was needed.


                                                                        Page 13 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
