                     DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Price believed strongly the Council should continue to focus
on Our Palo Alto.      Zoning was an implementation strategy for the
Comprehensive Plan. She was concerned that utilizing different approaches
to zoning issues would require more time and be more expensive. Staff did
not have the capacity for additional complex work assignments.          She
concurred with comments regarding retail issues in the CAP Study.
Incentives regarding lot consolidation would have an impact. The Council
should set reasonable goals and visions so that the community could create
a framework to achieve some goals.

Council Member Berman felt zoning changes were infeasible and the wrong
way to achieve change.      The Council should stop postponing the
Comprehensive Plan Update process. Study and analysis of all the issues
could not occur in a reasonable timeframe.         Continuing with the
Comprehensive Plan process was the smartest way to achieve changes.

Mayor Shepherd expressed concerns regarding the Fry's site. She inquired
about the title of the plan for the Fry's site.

Ms. Gitelman answered Coordinated Area Plan. A Coordinated Area Plan
would be more specific than the California Avenue plan.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the owner of the Fry's site could submit an
application even though the Council was working on a Coordinated Area
Plan.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Staff would have to process an application if it
was submitted. The City received a Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) grant for work on the Fry's site. Staff remained quite a
ways from presenting a scope of work to the Council. The subject probably
warranted additional Council discussion soon.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether that information could be included in the
discussion on October 8, 2014.

Ms. Gitelman replied no. Staff needed to coordinate with VTA's process.
The Council should focus on the Fry's site relatively soon.

Mayor Shepherd was interested in California Avenue formula retail and
ensuring it remained local and eclectic. She inquired about options to secure
retail along California Avenue simultaneously with the Comprehensive Plan
Update.




                                                                         Page 9 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
