                             MINUTES
SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

3.   Palo Alto Apps Challenge 2014 - Finalist Recognition.

Jonathan Reichenthal, Chief Information Officer, reported the Apps
Challenge was an experiment in community engagement. By creating
incentives for the public to help create community solutions, a model for
government and community co-creation could emerge.              Entrants were
required to submit an idea and be prepared to build it. The finale required a
workable prototype of the idea. At the close of entries, the City had
received 74 submissions within the theme of community engagement.
Judges selected ten to compete for the finale. Finalists received coaching
and feedback from Cloudera and elicited community feedback during the
Apps Challenge Showcase event. In the 30 hours leading to the finale,
finalists received 3,200 online votes. The finale was held in conjunction with
the second National Day of Civic Hacking. The Apps Challenge succeeded
beyond Staff's expectations. At least three highly valued app solutions
would be delivered to the community. One of the apps, Adopt Me, was in
use by animal shelters in the Bay area.

Mayor Shepherd noted 70 applications were submitted. The Apps Challenge
was an opportunity to bridge the connectivity gap between the Council and
the community.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

Mayor Shepherd announced the Agenda for the June 16, 2014 meeting
contained three challenging items as well as the second hearing of the
Proposed Budget. She requested Council Members voice all questions and
comments regarding the Proposed Budget in the current meeting. If the
Council could not complete the current Agenda and needed a substantive
discussion the following week, she would request the Council hold a Special
Meeting on June 18, 2014.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported 30 percent of Apps Challenge
applications were submitted by youth under 18 years of age. The Universal
Woman was now a permanent installation in the Art Center's Sculpture
Courtyard. Ehren Tool was the Artist in Residence at the Art Center. Charlie
Hughes threw the first pitch at the San Francisco Giants game on May 27,
2014. The Mitchell Park Library and Community Center would open in the
fall.

                                                                         Page 7 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
