                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein believed repealing the Ordinance was a mistake for a
variety of reasons. The community would not like repealing the Ordinance.
There had not been a final legal determination that the Ordinance was
unconstitutional. He agreed with public comment that the issue was vehicle
dwellers, not homelessness. Some people preferred to live in vehicles.
Police officers should not determine whether car dwellers were homeless or
choosing an alternative lifestyle. The social welfare agency for the area was
the County, not the City. The City could not solve the homeless problem
alone. The City should not take the lead in abolishing the Ordinance as it
would send a message that Palo Alto was open to vehicle habitation. The
City should not submit to legal threats.

Council Member Burt recalled that the community identified two problems:
the number and behavior of additional car dwellers at Cubberley and limited
means to enforce existing Ordinances. The Council's response moved from
one extreme to another. He suggested the Council convene a stakeholder
group perhaps led by the Human Relations Commission and Staff to identify
issues and prospective solutions. He questioned whether vehicle size could
be limited and whether the City should engage surrounding communities for
a subregional approach to services. He requested Staff explore alternative
ways to provide essential services, such as showers and bathrooms, for
vehicle dwellers efficiently, cost effectively, and with the least impact. The
Council should frame the discussion broadly enough to allow for those topics.

Mayor Shepherd was impressed by the debate and the strategic plan that
came out of the original discussion of the Ordinance. She had referred two
or three email complaints to the Police Department regarding vehicle
habitation. She had heard of people who appeared to be renting vehicles for
overnight habitation. She would support the Motion, because people had the
right to be safe in a car. She understood the Ordinance provided an ability
to identify and offer services to car dwellers. She looked forward to
additional discussions around solutions.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Klein no, Holman absent

12.   Approval of the Proposed Grocery Store Tenant (College Terrace
      Market) Within PC 5069 (College Terrace Centre) Based on the Finding
      that the Proposed Grocery Tenant Would Likely be Comparable in
      Quality of Products and Services as JJ&F as it Existed and Operated on
      December 7, 2009 at 2180 El Camino Real.

This item was continued to December 1, 2014.

Council took a break from 8:59 P.M. to 9:05 P.M.


11/17/2014                                                             116- 128
