                            MINUTES
closure. He appealed to the Council to save the YMCA. Closing the YMCA
was wrong.

Marty Smith was surprised by the sense of community at the Page Mill YMCA
and the number of long-term members. He hoped the City Council would
help keep the YMCA open.

Mark Duncan, speaking for a group of five, recalled the original impetus for
developing the Page Mill YMCA. The YMCA served disabled and senior
citizens of Palo Alto unlike other athletic facilities that focused on the
younger population.     The closure of the Page Mill YMCA would be a
tremendous loss to the community.             Perhaps the Planning and
Transportation Commission could determine that the YMCA met the terms of
the original mitigated Environmental Impact Report (EIR) better than other
options. Perhaps the City could request the Silicon Valley YMCA provide all
members of the Page Mill YMCA a weekly update regarding efforts to bring in
another organization to operate the facility. The Silicon Valley YMCA could
share financial and membership information as well as prior efforts to bring
in another managing organization. Any help from the Council would be most
appreciated.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Council could not respond to comments made
or topics raised during Oral Communications as no notice had been provided
to the public.

Eva Zerker credited her continued good health to participating in exercise
classes at the YMCA. The YMCA offered many classes that benefited the
community.

Janice Sutphin felt the Page Mill YMCA was a special place in the community.
Members were willing to donate funds to save the YMCA; however, Silicon
Valley YMCA would not allow members to raise funds.

James Keene, City Manager, would meet with Staff to obtain information and
discuss possible actions in order to report to the Council.

ACTION ITEMS

23. Designation of Voting Delegate for the League of California Cities
    Annual 2014 Conference.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd to
delegate Mayor Shepherd as the voting delegate, and Council Member
Scharff as the alternate voting delegate.



                                                                       Page 6 of 24
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 08/04/14
