                             MINUTES
13.   Review of City Hall Remodel Project (Continued From November 10,
      2014).

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Council passed unanimously the
item on June 16, 2014 as part of the Consent Calendar. On August 4, 2014,
Council Members requested it be scheduled as an Action Item. Staff did not
recommend a specific action other than to continue with the City Hall
Remodel Project (Project) as approved. The Council seemed to want a
public discussion and review of the item. Items on the Consent Calendar
were publicly noticed, contained written reports, and could be removed from
the Consent Calendar. The Consent Calendar complied with the Brown Act
and was a means to manage the workload of the Council. The Project was
long overdue. He could argue that providing adequate public space had
more value than "behind the scenes" investments. A project that improved
the effectiveness of City Hall should be considered in conjunction with the
infrastructure strategy. The Project was built into the Capital Improvement
Program (CIP) over a number of years and vetted by the Council on
numerous occasions.        The first floor was dead space, ineffective, and
unattractive. The Project included space and technology for 21st century
public participation, several new public meeting spaces, and a new Council
Conference Room. The Project improved facilities to comply with Code
requirements. Customer service functions would move to the first floor of
City Hall for easier public access.        Human Resources (HR) Staff and
Information Technology (IT) Staff would be consolidated.           The Project
included public art and elevator renovations and upgrades in signage. An
interactive digital piece of art was scheduled for Council approval. The Fiscal
Year (FY) 2014 Budget contained a CIP project at an estimated cost of $2.7
million. The contract amount was increased to $4.5 million because of the
change in pricing; however, that amount included $250,000 that was
returned to the Infrastructure Reserve. Costs for furniture and furnishings
were originally to be billed to departments, but those costs were later
included in the total cost for the Project. The CIP cost adopted in June 2013
for FY 2014 was an out-of-date estimate for the Project. The April 2014 pre-
bid engineering estimate updated the cost to $3.8 million. Bids submitted
for the Project were slightly more than 20 percent above Staff's estimate.
Because of rapidly increasing costs, the difficulty of working in a public
building, errors in the original estimate, and the difficulty of small firms to
obtain a bond, Staff concluded that the contract amount was fair. Staff then
began looking for and found legitimate methods to pay for the increased
cost. The Council Conference Room and the HR Conference Room would
accommodate meetings more easily, allow for better interaction, and include
video and broadcast technology.



11/17/2014                                                             116- 129
