not be contained in the needs list. As the Council made decisions, Staff
could calculate an amount for a potential fee.

Council Member Scharff asked if DTA would recommend changes to fee
amounts based on the Nexus Study.

Mr. Nathan Perez explained that consultants typically did not recommend
new fees that were less than existing fees. The Council retained the
authority to charge less than the existing fee amount.

Council Member Scharff noted the City's park fee was substantially less than
park fees charged in other cities. He inquired whether the Nexus Study
would suggest the maximum park fee the City could charge.

Mr. Nathan Perez reported the Nexus Study would utilize the costs noted in
Attachment A divided by demographic numbers to calculate a projected fee
moving forward.     Park fees were omitted from the list because he
understood that park fees would not be increased based upon total costs.

Mr. Lalo Perez explained that most of the projects identified for parks was
funded through the CIP. The net cost for identified park projects was very
low.     Community Services and Public Works Departments were
approximately one year away from completing a Master Plan for parks;
therefore Staff did not have a full picture of parks needs.

Council Member Scharff did not believe Staff was ready to move forward
with the study. He asked why a purchase of land for parks was not included
in the needs list.

Mr. Nathan Perez surveyed every City department for a list of projects. The
threshold for needs for parks would not result in a higher fee.

Council Member Scharff felt there were many needs for parks over the next
30 years. He was not comfortable moving forward on that basis.

Mr. Nathan Perez reported the parks list of projects was inclusive, but the
ultimate cost of the facilities on that list would not be great enough to
increase the fee.

Council Member Scharff asked if the list contained all the facilities, including
additional parks, that could possibly be needed. Staff presented information
before completing the Master Plan for parks.

Mr. Lalo Perez noted the Council in the future could consider any fees that
were not adjusted at the current time and have the Master Plan as a source.

                                                                          Page 11 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 03/03/14
