                            MINUTES
He asked why the contract was not with Mr. Chavez directly. Mr. Werness
wanted to be the operator, but Mr. Smailey would not agree.

Mr. Oeschger stated that had not been raised.        When the developer
approached a lender, Mr. James Smailey volunteered to run a grocery store.
The lender accepted that proposal. The PC Ordinance did not allow any
other tenants unless a grocery store operated there.

Council Member Scharff did not believe other stores would have to vacate
the premises if the grocery store ceased operations.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the grocery store had to be open and operating
prior to other tenants opening.

Mr. Oeschger indicated the grocery store was a prerequisite to leasing space
to other tenants. Mr. Smailey was capable of running and desired to run the
grocery store. The primary issue was a grocery store had to be in place in
order to meet the requirement of the PC Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff was willing to approve a tenant only if there was
direct ownership with a grocery tenant. He preferred an experienced person
own the grocery business and have a full stake in its success. It appeared
that Mr. Chavez would be a consultant to the grocery store. He inquired
about Mr. Chavez's role in operating the grocery store.

Mr. Chavez explained that he would be running the grocery store. He did
not have sufficient capital to support his owning the grocery store. The
contract allowed him to remain in the grocery business with considerably
less risk.

Council Member Scharff asked who would make operating decisions.

Mr. Chavez was going to make those decisions.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Mr. Chavez had a written
agreement with that provision.

Mr. Chavez answered yes.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Scharff meant the lease document.

Council Member Scharff responded yes.

Mayor Shepherd noted the lease document was not in the operator's name.

Council Member Scharff was concerned about the person actually running
the grocery store. The community wanted a grocery store run by someone
experienced.

12/01/2014                                                           116- 153
