                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman asked if elements of Scenario 4 could be utilized in
other scenarios if the Council chose not to study Scenario 4.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes. Some of those ideas could arise from policy or
mitigation measures. Scenario 4 was a compelling means to consider an
alternative that was consistent with regional growth projections.

Council Member Berman remarked that it was unlikely the Council could take
advantage of elements from Scenario 4 if it was not studied.

Mr. Keene suggested Staff could analyze Scenario 4 with the performance-
based measures in order to collect sufficient data to impose some sort of cap
within measures.

Council Member Klein asked if there was an agreed definition of quality of
life. The term was used often; however, not everyone defined it the same.

Ms. Gitelman commented that the Council should discuss the scenarios as
well as the issues to be considered in the EIR. Staff had to provide sufficient
analysis of all ideas so that people could find the data they needed to
evaluate quality of life as they defined it.

Mayor Shepherd noticed more and more service workers lived farther away
from Palo Alto since the Comprehensive Plan was adopted. She inquired
whether that could be measured in the EIR.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff would analyze population and housing
impacts. Staff would be challenged to perform a textured analysis of that
environmental impact topic.

Mayor Shepherd did not know if the Council was allowed to enact a local
Density Bonus Law for teachers and first responders, but wanted to know
what privilege the Council had to enact those types of entitlements. She
assumed that as scenarios were fleshed out, they would become integrated
in the current draft of the Housing Element. She asked if the Council could
incorporate elements of one scenario into another scenario.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the Council could mix and match elements of
scenarios. As the Council received more input from the community, it would
want that flexibility.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the analysis would determine the impacts of
trenching Caltrain tracks rather than the feasibility of trenching the tracks.

Ms. Gitelman remarked that trenching was an expensive improvement that
would have significant construction and traffic impacts. However, Staff
                                                                         Page 10 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes 08/06/14
