                             MINUTES

Council Member Berman recused himself as his residence was located in
Downtown.

Council Member Scharff recused himself as he had an interest in commercial
property located in Downtown. He did not believe it constituted a conflict of
interest; however, he had not been able to make a clear determination.

Council Member Holman recused herself from the item as implementation of
a Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) District could impact her property.

James Keene, City Manager, recused himself as his residence was located
within the Downtown District.

Jessica Sullivan, Parking Manager, reported Staff felt an RPP Program was
crucial to managing parking and traffic in the Downtown area. Overall the
City's parking garages were close to capacity during the noon hour. Even
though the number of permits sold for Downtown garages had increased, a
corresponding increase in occupancy had not occurred. At midnight, many
streets in Downtown were 50 percent or less occupied. At noon, most
streets were 85 percent or more occupied. The stakeholder group was
comprised of six residents and five business leaders. The stakeholder group
reached consensus on many topics. The group agreed that permits should
be sold to employees working in Downtown; agreed on the boundaries of the
proposed District; mostly agreed that a phased implementation would be
beneficial; agreed to online sales of permits; agreed to prioritize low-wage
and hourly workers as part of the Program; and mostly agreed that hours of
enforcement should be 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M., Monday through Friday.
Phase 1 would last for six months. Permits would not be issued to people
who did not live or work within the District. Residents would receive free
permits during Phase 1. Employee permits would cost approximately the
same as parking in a Downtown garage; however, employee permits for low-
wage workers would cost $50 for six months.

During Phase 1, City Staff would collect data regarding the number of
employees who purchased permits and review corresponding occupancy in
neighborhoods. Permits would be valid for parking anywhere within the
District during Phase 1. The City would send a follow-up survey to residents
of the District in Phase 1 to determine whether the Program should continue
to Phase 2. Two-hour parking within the District would be allowed without a
permit.    In Phase 2, the City would begin regulating the number of
commuter/employee permit sales based on data gathered in Phase 1. Sales
to residents would begin in Phase 2; the first permit for each residence
would be free with subsequent permits costing $50 each. Staff wanted to
prioritize permit sales to employers in the RPP District. Staff would begin
assigning employee parking in Phase 2.

12/02/2014                                                            116- 182
