Mr. Lalo Perez answered yes.

Council Member Holman concurred with Council Member Scharff's comments
regarding parks. She inquired whether Staff presented the impact fee to the
Parks and Recreation Commission for consideration.

Mr. Lalo Perez replied no. That had not been a part of the process.

Council Member Holman suggested Staff not be married to process.               The
chart was all based on residential information.

Mr. Keene noted non-residential, commercial and industrial could be found in
the middle of the chart.

Council Member Holman had nothing to compare non-residential information
to as the chart was not provided in the packet. It was important to know
how Palo Alto tracked with other communities.

Mr. Lalo Perez would include that information in future Staff Reports.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff             could   provide      that
information when the item returned to the Council.

Mr. Nathan Perez replied yes.

Council Member Holman noted the Staff Report did not contain the chart
referenced in the Finance Committee Minutes, which made it difficult to
follow the discussion. The chart appeared to be misleading because it
included the sewer hookup fee in the water, sewer, and storm drain fee.

Mr. Nathan Perez could reflect it either way. It was an outlier in otherwise
consistent data.

Council Member Holman felt it should at least have a footnote.

Mr. Lalo Perez indicated each agency within Santa Clara County set fees in
different manners.

Mr. Nathan Perez reported the comparison was difficult because Palo Alto
suggested a larger water main diameter than other cities. Each city had
different requirements that had to be considered in a comparison.

Council Member Holman was unsure whether commercial and industrial was
lower than residential.

Mr. Nathan Perez would provide that data. Palo Alto was relatively lower
compared to peer communities on the non-residential side.
                                                                        Page 15 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/03/14
