                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman commented that scenarios proposed by Council
Members Burt and Price were interesting. She wanted to provide a $2.4
million grant, but was not sure the City could do that in the context of other
commitments. She inquired about an instrumental event that would receive
the greatest response from potential donors.

Mr. Green indicated unconditional support from the City would mean a great
deal to the donor community and would create a bandwagon effect. A
matching grant or a staged approach would be a strong signal to the
community that the City supported the project.

Mr. Woods believed it would be highly motivational for donors to know they
could utilize some of the City's money as leverage for gifts. The Council was
being asked to certify that a History Museum was the right project.
Matching grants, challenge grants, and outright grants were not
synonymous. The Board would have to discuss with the City which method
was the most logical to motivate donors.

Council Member Holman suggested Staff return with proposals for a $2.4
million grant in the context of other commitments, Council Member Burt's
scenario, and Council Member Price's scenario.

Mr. Perez reported the Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) figure of $1
million was based on revenue with parking exemptions. Because the City
changed the conditions, it might be obligated to make up the gap between
the revenue it would receive without parking exemptions and the exemption.
That was another figure that needed to be considered in terms of a bottom
line.

Council Member Berman liked Council Member Burt's scenario with respect
to elements of construction for which the City might be responsible. The
difference in TDRs based on loss of parking exemptions was another area for
consideration. He preferred a matching grant over a grant, because a
matching grant incentivized other people to donate. Phase 2 costs of $8-
$12 million was a rather large number in comparison to funds raised to date.

Council Member Klein wanted the History Museum to succeed, because Palo
Alto was a special place and had a special story. He expressed concern
about the community's interest in a History Museum. Raising $3.5 million in
seven years was not impressive. The campaign should prove itself before
the City became involved. Discussion seemed to indicate this was the first
request for City participation. However, the City provided a lease at no cost,
TDRs, and Library archives.       The amount of City funds provided and
proposed for the History Museum far exceeded funds provided to other
partnerships. The History Museum did not garner a great deal of support in
                                                                        Page 10 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
