                            MINUTES

Council Member Berman asked if the Developer was hired to build the
property.

Mr. Polentz replied yes.

Council Member Berman asked if the Developer's son was proposing to own
and manage the grocery store.

Mr. Polentz explained that the Developer's son through the J&A Family
Market entity entered into a lease with College Terrace Centre LLC, the
property owner. The lease was the same business transaction to which JJ&F
Market agreed.

Council Member Berman asked if the Developer's relationship with the
property owner would continue once construction was complete.

Mr. Polentz advised that a Fee Developer could play different roles. The Fee
Developer was hired to develop the project.        Once development was
complete, the Fee Developer's role was complete. There were other roles for
ongoing management such as property manager and leasing broker.

Council Member Berman asked if a property manager and leasing broker
were different from a Fee Developer.

Mr. Polentz answered yes. The name of the Fee Developer was 2100
Ventures, effectively the Smaileys.

Council Member Berman inquired about the career experience of Jim
Smailey.

Mr. Polentz reported the ownership continued to search for an established
grocer who was willing to enter into a lease with the same terms as JJ&F
Market's lease. Mr. Smailey had not previously operated a grocery store.
He had operated a construction company and was part of a property
management firm and part of a Fee Developer. In order to establish the
viability of a grocery store, Mr. Smailey found potential employees with
grocery store experience.

Council Member Berman asked if Mr. Smailey was willing to operate the
grocery store because someone was needed to own and manage a grocery
store.


                                                                      Page 24 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 08/11/14
