                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff requested Staff update the Council on a regular
basis throughout the RFP process. He inquired whether Mr. Friend was
advocating goals similar to San Francisco's goals.

Mr. Friend did not have an official recommendation. Renewable energy, no
waste, and no persistent toxic accumulations were good guidelines for
starters.  Turning those guidelines into policies and a timeline was a
separate conversation.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern that the use of the phrase "100
percent renewable" would lead the community to believe 100 percent
renewable energy was possible. 100 percent renewable energy was not
possible in Palo Alto, unless the City eliminated the use of hydroelectric
power which was not a renewable energy source. Eliminating hydroelectric
power would be mistake. Palo Alto's goal should be 55 percent renewable
energy, and the City was close to that goal.

Mr. Keene asked if Council Member Scharff was referring to electricity
generation.

Council Member Scharff responded yes. There was no renewable equivalent
or reasonable fuel switching for natural gas. Staff should be more precise so
that they did not create unrealistic impressions.

Mr. Friend was not proposing that as a goal at the current time, but it was
worth review. If the City was close to its goal, then he inquired whether that
goal was good enough or could the City do even better. The answers to fuel
switching were not conclusive. Rather than prematurely judging those
questions, he preferred to review them to determine if he could push the
boundaries.

Council Member Scharff had serious concerns about landfill gas as a good
renewable energy source. If the City reached its goal of 55 percent
renewable energy, then he was unsure whether the goal could be higher.
Perhaps the City should move away from use of landfill gas. He did want to
see the Climate Action Plan earlier than in one year, because the Council
would need to discuss difficult policy issues.

Council Member Berman agreed that GHG emissions needed to be reduced.
He was impressed by the $500,000 annual savings resulting from reducing
GHG emissions in City operations by 53 percent. He asked if there was a
reason for 2012 GHG emissions for solid waste facilities and wastewater
facilities being much lower than in 2013.


04/21/2014                                                            114- 477
