                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the new recruitment process had been
successful.

Ms. Grider   had received more applications. She encouraged the Council to
consider a   policy for candidates to apply for only one position. Her Staff
contacted    candidates and requested they choose only one; however,
candidates   refused to do so.

Council Member Holman advised that one candidate for the Architectural
Review Board (ARB) indicated he couldn't access the online capability in
order to identify a project he felt was good. She requested the Clerk provide
some method to facilitate that.

Ms. Grider did not believe projects were required for the ARB.

Council Member Holman interpreted the application to mean the candidate
wished to access the online capability but could not.

Ms. Grider indicated the applicant had computer problems, so she had the
applicant submit a written application.

Council Member Holman requested the candidate provide projects prior to
the interviews.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

19.   Cubberley Community Center Lease Status and Update.

James Keene, City Manager, recommended the Council direct Staff to move
to Closed Session.

Mayor Shepherd inquired if any information could be provided in the Open
Session.

Mr. Keene had negotiated over several sessions with the former Palo Alto
Unified School District Superintendant. In June, he met with the Council in
Closed Session and received more specific direction. He met with the new
Superintendant three times and had potential terms to discuss with the
Council. He did not have permission from the Superintendant to discuss
terms in public.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to have Council move into the Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

                                                                        Page 33 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/06/14
