Council Member Klein indicated the issue was that the current midyear
process was not the process the Committee approved. The midyear had
become a full review of the CAO. The CAO was supposed to enumerate his
actions to accomplish particular goals. The Council's discussion wandered
away from that quite frequently.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Klein was suggesting the
Committee eliminate midyears from the contract or approve the contract.
She was willing to approve the contract and refine the midyear process later.

Council Member Klein believed the Committee should approve the contract,
but meet with Ms. Lund to refine the midyear process. The midyear was not
consistent with the process the Council adopted.

Mayor Shepherd wished to incorporate a review of midyear into the Motion.

Chair Scharff assumed the fee would be less than $8,000 if Ms. Lund
attended the midyears, met once with each CAO, and did not interact with
Council Members beforehand.

Ms. Lund could not provide an amount, because the Committee did not
frame the work that would be required of her.

Chair Scharff assumed that less work would cost less than $8,000. He
inquired whether Ms. Lund would work with the Committee to reduce her fee
if the Committee reduced her work for midyears, in order not to amend the
contract another time.

Ms. Lund would work with the Committee.      She presumed there would be
some design time.

Vice Mayor Kniss reported a midyear involved a CAO reviewing goals and
indicated those accomplished. A midyear was just a check-in.

Council Member Klein remarked that a CAO indicating he had accomplished a
goal was not sufficient.

Vice Mayor Kniss agreed the midyear should be more than a checklist. The
midyear allowed more than simply feedback from the CAO.

Council Member Klein felt Vice Mayor Kniss considered the midyear an
evaluation. The other three Committee Members indicated the Council did
not approve that concept.


                                   5                        April 3, 2014
