                               MINUTES
Additionally the Proposed Budget included funding to increase the number of
summer concerts from six to eight events. In FY 2012 the City began a
citywide Cost of Service Study.       The initial consultant study identified
municipal fee cost recovery levels based on 2012 data for all fees other than
development activity related fees.       The Budget allocated $55,000 in
contractual funding for a consultant to study and assess Planning and
Community Environment fees. Also included in the Proposed Budget was
funding for a study related to Fire Services deployment approaches. An
initiative in the amount of almost $1.3 million in the area of technology
allocated funds for various citywide technology investments. Contractual
funding was allocated to assess the state of the City's current geographic
information system and future needs. Staff proposed increased spending for
training and succession planning particularly in Fire, Police, Development
Services, and Utilities Departments. Staff proposed $74,000 to establish a
legal fellowship program in the City Attorney's Office. In the City Manager's
Office, Staff requested an additional $94,000 for an Assistant City Manager
position and to convert a vacant Assistant to the City Manager position to a
second Assistant City Manager position. Across the organization, Staff
proposed approximately $1 million in additional administrative staffing
support to strengthen administrative operations. The Budget included the
addition of a Facility Manager in the Public Works Department.            The
Proposed Budget did not assume any Enterprise Fund rate changes except
for the contractual 2.6 percent Consumer Price Index (CPI) increase for fiber
optics customers and to the storm drain fee. In anticipation of rising
commodity costs and aging infrastructure, rate increases would be likely in
FY 2016 and beyond. The Council approved an infrastructure funding plan
with a 2 percent Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) increase. By early August,
the Council would have to place the TOT increase on the ballot. The City
was negotiating terms of a Fire Services contract with Stanford University
and negotiating with Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) regarding
Cubberley. If the City and PAUSD agreed on a long-term lease, additional
funds would be needed to fund capital improvements and ongoing
maintenance of the site. The Budget set aside funds equivalent to half of
the calendar year 2015 Covenant Not to Develop payment in the amount of
$958,000 in a reserve. The City was scheduled to begin the Golf Course
Reconfiguration Project in May; however, there were delays in the necessary
regulatory permits from the Bay Area Water Quality Board. The Budget as
proposed assumed the Golf Course would be closed during the entirety of FY
2015. The City continued to reduce growth of long-term benefits costs. The
Proposed Budget attempted to respond to impacts related to economic
improvement and to address deficiencies created by the economic
downtown. While the Council would need to approve an annual Budget for
the coming fiscal year, it should remember long-term goals.


05/06/2014                                                           114- 588
