                     DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Klein called Point of Order.     The discussion was moving
toward setting policy.

Council Member Schmid noted the Grand Jury asked the Council to change
policy.

Council Member Klein commented that the Grand Jury could not overrule the
Brown Act. The Council could discuss only agendized topics.

Council Member Schmid indicated the alternative was to discuss policy
privately.

Council Member Klein disagreed. The alternative was to write Colleagues'
Memos to place an item on the Agenda.

Ms. Stump explained that Council Members suggested a number of
significant policy changes. The Council could discuss those in a deliberative
way before either the Council or a Council Committee. Policy changes could
not be resolved in time to respond to the Grand Jury report.              The
Subcommittee could make a list of appropriate policy changes. The Council
could then report to the Grand Jury that it would consider policy changes.

Council Member Schmid intended to get issues on the list.

Council Member Scharff concurred with Council Member Burt's comments.
He apologized for the Council's lack of process. He associated his comments
with comments of Council Member Burt, most comments of Council Member
Holman, and some comments of Council Member Schmid. The Council
should make a conscious decision to go into Closed Session. The Policy and
Services Committee should review that. No one mentioned the issue of the
holdover lease. The Subcommittee should consider a procedure to prevent
holdover leases.      The process for 27 University Avenue failed when
Mr. Arrillaga did not submit an application. He never considered selling the
property for $175,000 and sincerely doubted anyone else considered it.

Council Member Klein supported the appointment of a Subcommittee as an
appropriate means to revise the response.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
XXXX to that Council Members Burt and Schmid be on the subcommittee.

Council Member Burt believed the Mayor had discretion to appoint members
of the Subcommittee.



                                                                        Page 38 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
