ACTION ITEMS

9.     Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Recommendations. Staff
       Recommends City Council Authorize Staff to Take The Following
       Actions In Furtherance of a Coordinated TDM Program Aimed At
       Reducing Traffic Congestion And Parking Demand: a) Solicit Proposals
       to Establish A Non-Profit Transportation Management Authority (TMA);
       b) Solicit Proposals For An Expanded Palo Alto Shuttle Program; c)
       Solicit Proposals to Provide Car Share Services Within City-Owned
       Parking Lots; and d) Evaluate Rideshare Tools, Including a Trial of the
       TwoGo Rideshare App, for Coordination and Marketing By The TMA.

12.    City Council Authorization to Staff and the City Manager to Enter into
       an Agreement with the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board to
       Introduce the Caltrain Go Pass into the Civic Center Transportation
       Demand Management Program.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether she could call these items as the Council
was ahead of its published schedule.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated Mayor Shepherd could proceed as the
Agenda stated the times were only estimates.

Mayor Shepherd noted Agenda Item Numbers 9 and 12 would be heard
together.

Aaron Aknin, Assistant Planning Director, provided a broad definition of
Transportation Demand Management (TDM). As discussed in the Study
Session the three main components were parking supply, TDM strategies,
and Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Programs. Before building new parking
supply, the City should increase the efficiency of the existing parking supply.

Jessica Sullivan, Parking Manager, reported Staff felt there was a need for a
Transportation Management Authority (TMA). The goals of a TMA were to
provide a framework for multiple constituents to identify transportation
needs and solutions; to manage and market the disparate programs and
identify needs for new ones; and to measure the effectiveness of TDM
programs.      The TMA consultant assisted Staff with framing the
implementation of a TMA for Downtown.


02/24/2014                                                              114- 327
