                             MINUTES
Darren Anderson, Open Space, Parks and Golf, indicated the Council would
provide that direction. Staff would present updates to the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC) regarding the Master Plan.

Council Member Berman suggested the Motion could be revised to include
the property in the Master Plan process without disrupting the objectives of
the Motion.

Council Member Holman did not accept the Amendment as an incorporation,
because it eliminated the creation of a timeline for the land becoming public.
She wanted a timeline for public access to the property. PARC could
determine how the property best fit in the Master Plan process. PARC should
provide the Council with guidance regarding integration of the property into
the Master Plan process.

Council Member Berman reiterated that Staff was seeking Council direction
and the Council was referring it to PARC.

Council Member Holman felt the PARC was the lead body in the Master Plan
process. She could not state whether the property should be part of the
Master Plan process or an independent process.

Council Member Berman referenced an email from Acterra regarding its
nursery located on the property and requested Staff comment.

Mr. Anderson noted Acterra used approximately 1/2 acre for its nursery. He
did not believe that use was inconsistent with conservation and recreation
uses. Any action regarding Acterra's nursery would depend upon PARC and
Council decisions regarding use of the area.

Council Member Berman was pleased by the prospect of Acterra being
allowed to continue use of the property.

Mr. Anderson wished to continue the successful relationship with Acterra.

Mr. Keene added a firehouse was located in the park. An Acterra shed could
be accommodated as well.

Council Member Berman would support the Motion. He encouraged PARC to
include the property in the Master Plan process if that was appropriate.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the yellow house on the property was the
Lee's home when they lived on the property.

Mr. Paulsen believed the house was moved onto the property and utilized as
the gardener's home.
                                                                        Page 23 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
