timetable for reform. Conversation within the realm of PC reform would be
appropriate.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Staff could return with recommendations
by summer 2014.

Mr. Aknin answered yes.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd to accept
Staff recommendation to: 1) defer requests for rezoning to the Planned
Community (PC) zoning district until the process and requirements
regulating the PC zone in Chapter 18.38 of the Municipal Code are revised;
and 2) direct Staff to return to the Council with an analysis of potential
revisions and alternatives to the PC zone for public input and discussion.

Vice Mayor Kniss remarked that the current time was appropriate for a time-
out. Many existing PC Zones provided a variety of positive benefits for the
community.     The City needed a process to evaluate PC Zones.          She
suggested Staff return with something that was measureable, had tangible
results, and could be tracked over time.

Mayor Shepherd looked forward to a robust conversation regarding PC
reform. Concepts for PC Zones needed to demonstrate the material benefit
of public benefits.

Council Member Holman inquired about the relationship between the Permit
Streamlining Act and delay of the 2755 El Camino Real Project.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Permit Streamlining Act did not
apply to a legislative action, which was the format for a PC Zone
consideration.  The Permit Streamlining Act was not an issue in this
instance.

Council Member Holman asked about the interface between PC reform and
work regarding parking standards and density of office development. She
requested Staff's vision for public outreach regarding PC reform.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff could return to the Council during the summer
of 2014 with an analysis of potential reforms. Staff would obtain Council
input and direction before proceeding with community input.

Council Member Holman recalled Council Member and public comments
addressing development beyond PC Zones at the Study Session in December
2013. She inquired about a time for Council consideration of a time-out for
larger development projects beyond PC Zones.

                                                                     Page 16 of 30
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 02/03/14
