                              MINUTES
The PC Ordinance stated the market had to serve the neighborhood and
could not degenerate into a convenience mart.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, clarified that the provision
regarding a court enjoining the grocery store from operating did not
invalidate the entire agreement. It only set aside the penalty if the grocery
store went out of business due to a court injunction. This type of provision
applied at the beginning of implementation of a Covenant. The provision
could be modified. The question of a substitute public benefit should a
grocery store fail was not before the Council.

Mayor Shepherd recalled that the first public speaker wanted guarantees of
a public benefit if the grocery store ceased operations. She asked if the
Covenant would remain in effect in perpetuity or until the Council changed
zoning.

Ms. Silver clarified that the Covenant remained in effect for the useful life of
the improvements, not in perpetuity.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Applicant could request another use
for the site if improvements failed.

Ms. Silver explained that the Covenant would go away at the end of the
lifespan for improvements to the buildings.

Council Member Scharff believed the Applicant followed the Council's
instructions set forth on December 1, 2014.

MOTION:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to:

1.    Approve the grocery store tenant of the development at 2180 El
      Camino Real, finding that the proposed tenant is likely to be
      comparable in quality of products and service to the former JJ&F
      Market as it existed and operated on December 7, 2009; and

2.    Authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute the Restrictive
      Covenant (Attachment C) to ensure the continued viability of the
      grocery store community benefit.

Council Member Scharff felt Mr. Werness could provide the type of grocery
store the community sought. Penalties were severe at $2,000 per day. The
Applicant met its obligation, and the Council should approve the proposed
tenant.



12/15/2014                                                              116- 266
