                     FINAL MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss concurred with many of Mr. Moss' comments.         She
concurred with Council Member Scharff's comments regarding a retail
component in garages. She would not support paid parking. She preferred
to delay discussion of parking garages until January 2015 when the RPP
Program was implemented and the Council knew if the TOT increase passed.
The inclusion of housing in Mr. Kleiman's proposal was appealing.

Council Member Berman requested an update regarding permit parking in
garages.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that the valet program was filled almost daily. More
cars were parking on the top floors of garages. The release of permits had
been successful.

Council Member Berman agreed that as soon as the RPP Program was
implemented, cars would move to other areas. There was a need for a
parking garage in Downtown. Mr. Kleiman's proposal contained 237 total
parking spaces and two entrances/exits. He inquired about technology that
could service that many cars rapidly.

David Kleiman indicated the number of entrances/exits was related to
parking load.    There would be a fairly short waiting time based on
information the company provided. During peak times, the wait could be a
couple of minutes. He could build a space for a third machine and install it
later if needed.

Council Member Berman agreed with holding a community conversation
regarding paid parking. He was not comfortable with implementing paid
parking across the City just to obtain a parking garage. He was unsure
whether a public-private partnership was necessary or whether the
community wanted a public-private partnership. He wondered whether the
City could provide a retail component in a public option.

Council Member Price supported the recommendation to review both options.
The Council did not have sufficient information to dismiss a public-private
partnership from the conversation. The Council had a responsibility to
provide more than one use of parking structures. She was a proponent of a
residential component for parking garages. The Council should direct Staff
to proceed with all parking concepts to resolve parking issues. The Council
should review paid parking with the community. She liked the concepts of
collaborating with adjacent properties and a property swap.

Council Member Holman believed it was premature to begin the process of
building parking garages. She recalled the Council removed Lot E from the
list of potential garage sites and was primarily considering Lot D.
                                                                        Page 25 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 10/20/14
