            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss believed the Council would always choose an integrated
approach over a piecemeal approach. The ability to proceed quickly was
important.

Council Member Berman remarked that the net employee demand would
decrease based on implementation of different parking strategies. Under the
RPP Program, many commuters would not have a parking space. The
Council had a responsibility to address the consequences of its decisions.

Council Member Holman noted the numbers in the table did not represent
new demand. She inquired about the next strategy Staff would present to
the Council.

Ms. Gitelman advised that in late September 2014 Staff would return with a
discussion of parking supply strategies or new garages.

Council Member Holman requested Staff provide an informational report
regarding the schedule of the business registry. The Council needed that
information to understand the density of office occupancy.

Mr. Keene would work with the Mayor on scheduling that topic.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent

10.   Authorize the City's Delegate to the League of Cities to Support the
      Proposed Resolution Urging a Statewide Summit to Address Safety and
      Environmental Impacts of Illegal Marijuana Cultivation.

Mayor Shepherd reported the League of Cities meeting would be held on
September 25, 2014, and she would be the City's voting delegate at the
meeting. Staff recommended the Council support the proposed Resolution.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to authorize the City’s voting delegate to vote yes on the resolution
to be considered at the 2014 Annual League of California Cities (LOCC)
Conference urging a statewide summit to address safety and environmental
impacts from illegal marijuana cultivation.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Burt, Price absent

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Vice Mayor Kniss announced a community forum would be held the following
week regarding smarter parking.

The City Council went into Closed Session at 9:45 P.M.
                                                                        Page 23 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
