                             MINUTES
review the full range of services offered by the City as well as maintenance
and capital improvements. Community outreach was critical to determining
the best direction for the community. Much of outreach would be focused on
engaging the broader community. MIG targeted audiences for outreach. A
web page for the Master Plan would link with the Our Palo Alto initiative.
Public information would be provided through social media channels. A
stakeholder advisory group would be comprised of approximately 30
members representing all of Palo Alto. MIG would utilize intercept activities
to reach residents who typically did not participate in outreach. Mapita, a
mapping tool, would be utilized to obtain community feedback. Many
activities would occur in the next year and a half. Community engagement
and technical analysis would occur throughout the process. In the fall, MIG
would develop recommendations for public and Council and Commission
review.     Key deliverables of the resulting Master Plan would be a
comprehensive inventory of all facilities, a community needs assessment, a
capital development plan, and a comprehensive policy document. The
Master Plan would provide guidance for coordinating programs at existing
sites to provide the most use.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether MIG would compare the City with other
cities. She noted one criteria was residents should not be more than half a
mile from a park, and requested Ms. Schmitt comment on that. It seemed
that walking more than half a mile to a park would be beneficial to residents'
health.

Ms. Schmitt indicated the parks and recreation industry considered a half
mile as a good measure of proximity. MIG would review needs, distances,
and recreation experiences to develop specific analysis criteria to determine
where exercise could be maximized.

Vice Mayor Kniss hoped the half-mile measure would be flexible as it could
discourage walking.

Council Member Price referenced the 5-year, 10-year, and 25-year
scenarios.  She asked if the Master Plan would provide guidance or
methodologies that could be used over time to make changes in programs.
Programmatic needs often did not align with constraints and opportunities at
parks.

Ms. Schmitt agreed that trends in recreation did change rapidly. She
preferred to develop a Master Plan that could provide guidance and yet flex
with changing circumstances. A specific tool to assist with making changes
was the capital and operations cost model.


                                                                         Page 2 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
