                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman remarked that PAUSD could participate in
expanding the City's shuttle system, especially for students from other
communities. Trees and canopy should be a prominent topic in the Staff
Report.

Mr. Friend advised that trees would be more prominent as the Urban Forest
Master Plan was certainly a component of sustainability.

Council Member Holman advocated for more edible gardens and more open
space as a part of development projects, local purchasing, manufacturer
take-back of packaging, elimination of Styrofoam packaging, reuse of
buildings and salvage as opposed to recycling, and less use of concrete in
construction projects.

Mr. Friend wanted to integrate S/CAP work and Comprehensive Plan work
more effectively. Sustainability elements were woven through many issues.
The Council should consider how to plan effectively in an economy that could
change rapidly. Trees, open space, and biological resources were key
issues. The City established environmentally preferable purchasing some
years ago; however, programs were not consistent. He was working with
the purchasing team to improve processes.

Council Member Holman stated in the past, that the City's values were being
compromised by development, because buildings were encroaching on trees.
The City needed to ensure development considered the canopy and worked
within that framework.

Mr. Keene reported that the Council's consideration of S/CAP in relation to
the Comprehensive Plan could raise policy choices that would be relatively
easy to implement. The Council should consider the ease of effecting
change and the impact of changes.

Mayor Shepherd noted Council comments had not addressed the Council's
willingness to continue to be the innovation leader.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member Burt that switching to
electric vehicles (EV) and bicycles would have a huge impact on
transportation. He was fascinated by Mr. Friend's discussion of Helsinki, and
felt it would best fit Palo Alto. He requested Mr. Friend comment on
development patterns in the City.

Mr. Friend explained that development patterns created the template that
affected many actions. Development was a live issue in the community.




12/08/2014                                                            116- 196
