Susan Sweeney urged the Council to support the proposed trail system. The
current plan provided quality walking, jogging, and bicycling between the
Baylands and the Foothills.

Dee Dee Schurman found Stanford Avenue to be quite chaotic and
dangerous.    The Council's support of the proposed plan was proper.
Stanford University was not eliminating access to the Dish for anyone.

Marcia Sterling believed the proposed plan would reduce access to the Dish
by reducing accessible parking.

Timothy Gray expressed concern about trees suffering from drought and
disease. Perhaps the community could work collaboratively to prevent the
spread of disease.

Wynn Grcich spoke regarding radiation in California from Fukushima.
Fluoridation was poison.

Mike Alcheck stated reduced parking along Stanford Avenue would limit
people's ability to utilize the Dish.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, reported a global
extinction event was occurring. People should incorporate creatures into the
urban landscape.

Stephanie Munoz inquired about the difference between growth and density.

Cheryl Lilienstein, Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning, believed much of the
discussion concerned increasing density and the lack of adequate transit.
She suggested fewer exceptions for signage and density move through the
process, because exceptions diverted Staff's attention from more important
issues.

CONSENT CALENDAR

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman and Council Member Burt to pull Agenda Item Number 6 to be heard
at a later date.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff was present to discuss Agenda Item
Number 6.

James Keene, City Manager, believed the item should be continued to
another meeting, because of the volume of items on the Agenda and the
lack of time sensitivity of the item.
                                                                       Page 5 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 02/03/14
