                        FINAL MINUTES
led the City to pay more attention to Transportation Demand Management
solutions. The City certified the Housing Element for the 2007 to 2014
planning period. The California Avenue Transit Hub Streetscape Design was
completed. The City put in a bid for the historic downtown Post Office. If
that bid was successful, the City was able to move the Development Center
out and pay for the purchase and the rehabilitation of the historic Post Office
building. The Council eliminated a number of its long standing parking
exemptions and attempted to resolve some of its parking problems. The
Council and Staff released a Request for Proposal (RFP) and awarded a
contract for Phase One of the Downtown Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) Study;
this was the first holistic analysis development of the Planning and
Transportation Development policies in 25 years. Staff presented Council
with an outline for an RPP program that might apply to the impacted areas
of the City. The Jay Paul Project was withdrawn by the applicant in
December 2013 and the discussion of the 27 University Office Towers in the
Arts and Innovation District was dropped due to continued discussion about
the height limit for the existing buildings. At the Council meeting on
December 2, 2013, there was further discussion about the updates of the
Comprehensive Plan, the Planned Community Zoning process, parking and
traffic strategies. The Infrastructure Committee conducted eight meetings in
2013, conducted two Public Opinion Survey’s, and was on track to make
some decisions for infrastructure finance planning. The Mitchell Park Library
and Community Center was a disappointment with regard to the contractor
for the project. Although the project was very near completion, the City
recently issued a notice of default and will be evaluating their next steps
with the Council in the coming month. The Main Library renovation was
progressing; the target completion date was set for the end of the year. The
Street Maintenance Program made dramatic efforts to improve City streets.
Under a pavement condition index measure, an index that measured street
conditions, the City set a target of 85 or better and had an excellent score.
This past year, the Annual Budget was raised to $5.1 million; Staff cut two
years off the goal for reaching their index. The City paved 41 lane miles of
street across the City, almost 10 percent of the City. This improved the
Pavement Condition Index (PCI) score to 78. Out of the 37 Santa Clara and
San Mateo County jurisdictions, there were now only eight cities that had a
higher PCI than Palo Alto. In fiscal year 2013, Council increased the budget
by $1 million for sidewalks and school routes. In 2013, the City replaced
98,000 square feet of sidewalk, compared to 51,000 square feet for the
previous year. The City surveyed sidewalks, designated a Safe Routes to
School, and used a separate contract to repair damaged areas; these
improvements were in addition to the district-by-district Sidewalk Program.
In relation to the Channing/Lincoln Strom Drain, there was the second of
four stages of road completed in 2013. There was a renovation of Ventura
                                                                           Page 3 of 11
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 01/06/14
