                            MINUTES
Council Member Price asked if it would be a while before tangible numbers
were known.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami could conduct some research into the market to identify
a preliminary number. An appraisal could take some time.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the demolition of the wings at the
back of the building was part of the SOFA 1 plan, before a potential tenant
was identified.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami answered yes.

Council Member Holman was not aware of the City allowing any TDRs for the
site or the block. She asked if her knowledge was correct.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami replied yes. The City last sold TDRs in 2006. Those
TDRs belonged to the Children's Library and sold for about $95 per square
foot.

Council Member Holman did not believe County grants were available for the
History Museum.

Gail Woolley indicated County grants were available. The problem was the
requirement that a project be completed within the following year. The
amount of grants was not large, perhaps $50,000-$100,000. The Museum
was not in a position to apply for County grants at the current time.

Council Member Holman noted the City did not have an estimate for repairs
and Staff did not have restoration plans that met the Secretary's Standards.
She inquired whether the Museum's cost estimates and plans would suffice
to answer Staff's concerns and questions.

Ms. Stump reported the plans that were approved through City processes
would satisfy the legal requirements. Whether they formed a basis to
proceed was a policy discussion for the Council.

Council Member Holman asked if the Museum's plans had been approved by
the Historic Resources Board.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami concurred the plans had been approved. However, the
Conditional Use Permit (CUP) expired at the end of the year. The Museum
would need to go through the process again to regain the CUP.

Council Member Holman inquired about the effect of restoring the building
on Phase 2 fundraising.


12/15/2014                                                           116- 251
