                      DRAFT MINUTES
Mr. Keene indicated the business registry would operate under Development
Services and Economic Development.

Council Member Holman believed the Council should consider the number of
restaurants allowed on University Avenue in Downtown and California
Avenue. A variety of businesses was necessary for a thriving business
community.     Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEE) were not used as
intended in the Code. The Council should review parking exceptions and
increasing open space for mixed-use areas. Development in Downtown
occurred too quickly for the City to moderate impacts. The Council should
review FAR in the hotel overlay. She questioned whether residents, business
owners, and property owners were being equally considered with respect to
parking plans.    She requested Staff provide detailed notes of parking
committee meetings. The Council needed to review FAR in Community
Commercial 2 (CC2) Zones.

Council Member Schmid noted the FAR for Downtown increased through
bonuses, exceptions, and exemptions. Yet, the Downtown Coordinated Area
Plan (CAP) Study indicated there was capacity for additional square footage
as "by right" in the primary study area. He wanted to know the amount of
square footage available "by right" in the primary study area.            Data
indicated 2 percent of land area in Downtown contained multifamily
residential uses, which did not follow the norm of the West Bay area. Usage
of the 11 major streets bringing people into Palo Alto increased on average
53 percent. The Downtown area should contain 12,000 parking spaces;
however, only 4,800 parking spaces currently existed. The General Fund
paid for parking and traffic initiatives, and residents paid approximately 70
percent of taxes that funded the General Fund. He questioned the real
impacts of current zoning and changes needed to affect those impacts. Data
did not contain a financial analysis of impacts and initiatives. He hoped Staff
from the financial services group would be present at the next Council
discussion of parking and traffic initiatives.

Council Member Price inquired about the level of detail contained within
traffic analysis and economic impact analysis in a program EIR for a
Comprehensive Plan.

Ms. Gitelman advised that a program-level EIR contained specific
information regarding potential cumulative traffic impacts. Analysis would
include a variety of metrics at locations throughout the City. Fiscal impacts
were not studied in an EIR. If the Council wished, a separate study of
financial impacts could be performed.



                                                                           Page 8 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
