Council Member Scharff believed a garage at Lot D was more logical,
because rankings of Lot D and Lot G were similar, people used Lot D more
than Lot G, and more spaces could be constructed at Lot D at a lower cost
per space. Monthly monitoring was extremely important.

Council Member Klein urged the Mayor to divide the Motion into five parts.

Vice Mayor Kniss remarked that parking issues would interfere with Palo
Alto's economic prosperity.     Coordinating parking solutions with RPP
Programs was essential. She considered technology as one of the most
important aspects of the recommendations. The City needed to increase
sales of parking permits, because of the perception of vacant garages.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to divide the Motion into six separate Motions.

Council Member Klein stated dividing the Motion would allow for a more
cohesive and rational discussion of the recommendations.

Council Member Price concurred with Council Member Klein's comments.

Mayor Shepherd did not believe dividing the Motion would be more effective
or efficient. When Staff returned, the Council would have more substantive
discussion.

Council Member Burt indicated the recommendations were distinct subjects
in many regards. Colleagues would agree with some recommendations and
disagree with others. A single Motion was inefficient and problematic.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern about the amount of time that
would be required to discuss separate Motions. He preferred discussing
topics altogether and splitting the Motion for a vote. He inquired whether
the Amendment was to split the Motion and have six rounds of discussion
and separate votes or to split the Motion only for voting.

Council Member Klein wanted to have six Motions. Council Members did not
have to comment on each Motion.

Council Member Holman suggested Council Member comments could be
abbreviated through splitting the Motion.

Vice Mayor Kniss opposed the Amendment. She requested Mayor Shepherd
check the time.


                                                                       Page 21 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
