                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman was willing to hold continuing discussions about structure of
the work sessions and summit. Planning and preparing for a summit as
early as May would be a great deal of work for Staff.

Council Member Burt was concerned that a summit meeting would fail if it
was not preceded by a vision meeting as he described.

Ms. Gitelman wanted a summit meeting to succeed. A summit could begin
with a plenary session regarding big-picture issues before participants
discussed critical issues.

Council Member Burt did not believe a plenary session could occur the same
day.

Ms. Gitelman would accept the Council's input regarding structure of
meetings. Having two summit meetings would greatly increase Staff's
workload.

Council Member Burt appreciated the amount of work needed. He wished to
ensure that Staff had not precluded an alternative. In January, the Council
could make a decision on the structure of work sessions.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council read Recommendation Numbers 3 and 4
together. Participants could discuss policy issues as problems and deficits
that they wanted to remedy and the concepts that needed consideration.

Council Member Burt preferred to begin a community discussion by
envisioning the type of community residents wanted in 20 years. After that,
participants could discuss methods to integrate other components. He
requested the Council hold a discussion of this issue in January.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council would need to give Staff direction regarding
its wishes.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council would have that discussion in
January.

Ms. Gitelman was not planning to return to the Council for a discussion of
how to structure the summit. Staff was planning a series of inspirational
sessions that began with the big picture, appealed to a wide range of people,
and then moved to issues and choices.          Staff could not prepare for
discussions of annual growth management program, retail and parking
Ordinances, and structure of a summit in time for a meeting in January.




12/08/2014                                                            116- 216
