Council Member Klein inquired about the amount of money collected and the
length of time required to collect sufficient funds to construct a PSB.

Mr. Nathan Perez did not believe the City would collect sufficient funding
over the timeframe of the study. Fees would assist with funding but would
not solely fund a $57 million project. The cost of the project had to be
allocated between existing and new development. Using 25 percent for new
development, the fee would finance a maximum of $15 million.

Council Member Klein inquired about the source of 25 percent.

Mr. Nathan Perez explained that 25 percent was an approximation for
discussion. It generally considered existing versus future demographics.

Council Member Klein assumed that new construction, both commercial and
residential, would result in 1-2 percent of existing stock.

Mr. Nathan Perez concurred. Palo Alto was largely built out.        The Nexus
Study could result in a figure closer to 15-20 percent.

Council Member Klein clarified that 15-20 percent was over the 20-year
period. Utilizing gross numbers, the most a fee devoted to the PSB would
generate was 20 percent of the cost over 20 years.

Mr. Nathan Perez agreed.

Council Member Klein calculated the present value to be a quarter of that or
5 percent. That fee would generate only a few million of the needed $57
million.

Mr. Nathan Perez concurred.

Council Member Klein inquired about the amount of funds collected from
DIF.

Mr. Lalo Perez did not have a cumulative total, but the transportation fee
collected $600,000 and the wastewater fee collected $1.3 million.

Council Member Klein asked about the time period over which those
collections spanned.

Mr. Lalo Perez reported funds had to be utilized within a five-year period.

Council Member Klein noted the report was delivered to Staff in May 2012,
and asked why Staff delayed presenting it to the Council for 22 months.


                                                                         Page 16 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 03/03/14
