Council Member Scharff noted half the units needed to meet the City's
Housing Element requirement were located at the Fry's site. The community
needed a precise plan for the Fry's site; otherwise, it would be 30 residential
units per acre with no retail or anything else.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the Fry's site would be part of the projects described
in the first phrase.

Council Member Holman was happy to have a plan and a schedule and with
various components; however, she was frustrated that it had taken so long
to reach this point.      She encouraged and supported Council Member
Scharff's concerns regarding a California Avenue Concept Area Plan. If the
Council did not move swiftly with the California Avenue Concept Area Plan,
then the developer could submit a plan for the Fry's site over which the
Council had little control. She was not overly concerned about the current
Housing Element update, because rezoning would not be needed to meet the
requirement. The existing Comprehensive Plan should be the basis for
community discussions. The Staff Report seemed to propose use of the
P&TC recommendations as the basis for the project description. The Council
had not vetted the P&TC recommendations, and the recommendations were
not broadly disseminated. The section on packet page 1302, what was
worth preserving and where change would happen, seemed to be a negative
approach to the existing Comprehensive Plan. She preferred an approach of
stating the changes and the outcomes resulting from those changes. With
respect to the Community Leadership Group, it appeared that Staff would
meet with the group to review the community engagement plan, receive
reports, and recommend adjustments to promote greater participation. She
wanted to see processes that would educate, inform, and invest participants.
She recommended adding EIR tutorials for Council, Boards, and
Commissions. A deadline of December 2014 for the draft EIR seemed early
as the final EIR would not be completed for another year.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Staff wanted to draft a project description that
reflected where the City was in the Comprehensive Plan process. The best
policy would be to explain where the City was, not which plan the City would
begin with. She wanted to draft a project description that projected where
the City would be if it maintained the existing course, and then discuss
alternatives with the community.

Council Member Holman asked if the current Comprehensive Plan would be
stated as "here is where the City is, here are recommendations from the
P&TC," and then request community comments.

Ms. Gitelman stated Staff's concept was to develop a project description that
described the fundamental tenets of the Comprehensive Plan as it existed,
                                                                         Page 16 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 03/17/14
