                             MINUTES
Andrew Hill, PlaceWorks, spoke to the goals accomplished to date on the
Comprehensive Plan Update. He reviewed the overview of the
Comprehensive Plan Update and recapped the public engagement process.
The purpose of the Environmental Impact Review (EIR) was to provide
information to the public and decision makers regarding the nature of the
Comprehensive Plan Update; to disclose potential impacts of implementing
the Comprehensive Plan Update; and to provide details of mitigation
measures available to reduce or avoid potential impacts from implementing
the Comprehensive Plan. An important part of the EIR process was providing
an opportunity for public input. Information as part of the environmental
review process was meant to support a decision to adopt the Comprehensive
Plan. The EIR process could take approximately 18 months. The process
began on May 30, 2014 with the release of the Notice of Preparation (NOP).
The NOP set a specific time period in which the City would accept comments
regarding the scope and content of the EIR. The scoping period for public
agencies closed on June 30, 2014.           Analysis of the impacts of the
Comprehensive Plan and its alternatives were scheduled to occur between
August and December 2014. The Draft EIR would be released at the end of
2014 and would be open for public review in early 2015.                Several
alternatives would be analyzed in detail, and the public would learn about
the advantages and disadvantages of each alternative in order to select a
preferred alternative. A full version of the Comprehensive Plan could then
be drafted for review. After the Planning and Transportation Commission
(PTC) reviewed the draft Comprehensive Plan and issued a recommendation,
the Council would review the final EIR and make a decision on adopting the
Comprehensive Plan.        Because the Comprehensive Plan was a policy
document applicable to the entire City, the EIR would be different from the
typical EIR for a development project.              The information in the
Comprehensive Plan EIR would be conceptual. Quantified analysis could be
applied to traffic impacts, air quality, and greenhouse gas emissions.
Mitigations could be identified and proposed for cumulative impacts. The
broad categories for analysis under the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) would be the same for a programmatic EIR as a Project EIR. Staff
and consultants held three scoping meetings in May and June 2014. The
first meeting was held on May 29, 2014 and focused on critical issues.
Approximately 40 people attended the meeting. Common themes were
quality of life and the unique relationship with Stanford University. Concerns
were traffic congestion, public trust, meaningful public engagement, and the
high cost of housing. Caltrain electrification and High Speed Rail were
considered both threats and opportunities. An online tool allowed the public
to prioritize a list of strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats
generated at the first public meeting. In addition, online participants could
suggest other topics for the list. More than 180 people submitted online
responses. The second scoping meeting was held on June 10, 2014 and
focused on growth management. In the breakout session of the meeting,
                                                                         Page 9 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/04/14
