                            MINUTES
Those negotiations were complete in March 2014. The Management Group
preferred the Council proceed with the item.

Council Member Schmid understood the item could return to the Agenda
quickly and could be noticed as both Open and Closed Sessions. The Motion
was logical.

Council Member Price would not support the Motion. The Management
Group was the only employee group not represented by an organized labor
group.    An Open Session would be treating them differently from
represented groups.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the Motion was to hold a
discussion in Open Session.

Council Member Scharff indicated the City Attorney suggested Staff notice
the item as both Open and Closed Sessions, so the Council could utilize both
if needed.

Council Member Berman stated the Motion had merit; however, a larger
discussion was needed. He was not prepared for that discussion at the
current time. He would not support the Motion. He suggested the Council
schedule a policy discussion regarding when to hold labor negotiations in
Open Session. He opposed a discussion of Agenda Item Number 1 in Open
Session prior to a discussion of policy for Open and Closed Sessions.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Berman was offering a Substitute
Motion or an Amendment to refer the topic to the Policy and Services
Committee

Council Member Berman requested the City Manager's opinion.

Mr. Keene recalled the Council recently referred some matters to the Policy
and Services Committee related to Closed Sessions. He would prefer Council
Member Berman amend the Motion. A policy discussion could allay feelings
of being treated differently.

Council Member Berman asked if continuing Agenda Item Number 1 would
impact Agenda Item Number 2.

Mr. Keene reported Agenda Item Number 2 could proceed as noticed.

Council Member Burt called Point of Order.

                                                                       Page 3 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/22/14
