be higher than surrounding benchmarked cities. In 2008, the Council
approved an increase in fees be phased in over three years based upon a fee
analysis. The resetting of that fee was based on a complete analysis of the
total cost including projected needs for infrastructure. The City provided an
exemption for residential remodeling.         The Finance Committee also
questioned the possibility of changing the residential remodeling exemption.

Council Member Burt, Chair of the Finance Committee in 2013, reported the
Finance Committee recommended the topic be an action item in order to
provide adequate transparency and additional opportunity for public
participation and Council comment.       Three main areas dominated the
Finance Committee's discussion: 1) whether the transportation fee was
adequate; 2) why the wastewater fee was higher than surrounding cities;
and 3) should the City have a public safety or fire fee. The Finance
Committee did not want to limit Council discussion to those three topics.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested the Finance Committee's determination as to
why the City did not have a public safety or fire fee.

Council Member Burt stated the Finance Committee did not make a
determination.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked why the City did not have a public safety or fire fee.

Council Member Burt noted the Finance Committee discussed that.

Vice Mayor Kniss wanted to know what would be required for the City to
develop a public safety or fire fee. The City was always searching for ways
to augment revenue.

Mr. Nathan Perez needed the Council's approval of the needs list in order to
develop fees. DTA would then utilize demographic information and cost to
arrive at estimated fees. To calculate a fee, the costs in any given category
were divided by generally the number of dwelling units projected over the
horizon of the fee update.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the Council first should determine whether or not the
City needed such a fee. She understood Council Member Burt wanted
Council feedback. She wanted to know what the Council needed to do to get
a policy on the table and then to decide whether or not to implement a fee.

Mr. Lalo Perez referenced Attachment A of DTA's report, Item B Public Safety
facilities. The first item was the Public Safety Building (PSB). At the time
that the listing was compiled, the Council had multiple options for funding a
PSB. Once the Council made decisions regarding a funding source, the $57
million amount in the table could change to $0. A fully funded project could
                                                                        Page 10 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/03/14
