                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene felt the intent of a PC was to exact a contribution from a
developer. The City would not go against a developer. The Council was
asking Staff not to place a disincentive on use of the room by charging a fee
or asking the City to subsidize the cost of the use of the facility.

Council Member Burt commented that the charge for an exclusive use event
was different from the charge for a neighborhood meeting.

Council Member Holman stated the policy should be consistent with the PC
zoning.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Council Member Holman had requested Staff return with clarification of
Development Impact Fees. Housing impact fees were presented to the
Council as separate categories; however, the Budget document grouped
them into one category of housing impact fees.

Mr. Keene would provide a response during the second hearing.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, understood
Council Member Holman was comparing the method for assessing fees. All
commercial impact fees were placed in one fund and were disbursed for
affordable housing projects from that fund. There was no need to carry
them as separate items in the Budget document.

Council Member Holman requested Staff clarify the matter. Staff stated that
comments regarding the CIP would be listed in the Budget document;
however, she did not find a listing of comments.

Mr. Rossmann reported suggestions regarding CIP projects would be
incorporated into the Adopted Budget document, which Staff planned to
publish in early August 2014.

Council Member Holman reiterated that the Council would not see a listing of
comments prior to publication of the Adopted Budget.

Mr. Rossmann indicated that was Staff's intent.

Council Member Holman remarked that a lower rental rate provided to low-
income youth for garden plots was eliminated in 1997. There was no
indication that the policy had to be continued. It was odd that a low-income
youth could receive a lower rate than a low-income adult.

                                                                       Page 31 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 06/09/14
