Council Member Burt stated the Finance Committee had never seen that
data.    Many elements of the community were not willing to accept
conclusions without data.

Ms. Ratchye would obtain the data eventually.

Council Member Burt indicated Staff could share the electricity data.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

Mayor Shepherd announced Agenda Item Number 11 would be heard before
Agenda Item Number 10.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the landfill gas flare at Byxbee Park
was dismantled, resulting in improved views. The driveway between the Art
Center and the Main Library was closed for construction. Police Chief Burns
was selected as the 2014 Tall Tree Award winner for outstanding civic
service. The home page of the City's web site now contained a Connect With
Us button for social media. During the week, construction contractors would
begin exploratory work on California Avenue for water line replacement. On
February 28, 2014, Caltrain released the Draft Environmental Impact Report
for electrification of the corridor between San Jose and San Francisco.
Written public comment would be accepted through April 29, 2014. Because
four Council Members would not be present, the Council meeting scheduled
for March 10, 2014, was canceled.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Price gave two presentations as a Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) representative at the Seventh Annual Global
Infrastructure Leadership Forum. At the conference, she learned about large
infrastructure projects worldwide. Use of public-private partnerships for
funding of projects was widespread.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Catherine Martineau invited the community to the Palo Alto Arbor Day
Festival on March 8, 2014 at Mitchell Park. The Council needed to proclaim
Arbor Day in order to maintain the City's status as a Tree City USA.

Bill Rosenberg related his wife's experience with an electric vehicle charging
station at a City parking lot. He suggested Staff review the use of charging
stations.

                                                                         Page 7 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/03/14
