             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Council Member Scharff inquired whether Valet Assist Programs could be
instituted at additional garages just for the six-month period until an
integrated PGS and Revenue and Access Control system could be
implemented. Option 2 seemed to be the correct choice if there was no RPP
Program deadline. He wanted to increase parking supply to meet demand
when the RPP Program was implemented while giving the Council time to
evaluate an integrated system.

Ms. Gitelman assumed that concurrent with RPP Program implementation,
there would be an investment in Valet Assist Programs in order to increase
parking supply. Staff also assumed technologies would be used to improve
utilization of existing parking supply. Both would increase parking supply in
the initial phases of RPP Program implementation.

Council Member Scharff asked why gate controls were not recommended.
They appeared to be the simplest and easiest method.

Ms. Gitelman explained the consultant recommended Staff issue an RFP to
ensure the City received a full range of options for Revenue and Access
Controls.

Council Member Scharff asked if that would be Option 2.

Mr. Keene clarified that the consultant recommended the City issue an RFP
under Option 1 as well. Integrating PGS and Revenue and Access Controls
could be accomplished faster and more efficiently, which was Option 2.

Council Member Klein believed the lack of parking options for hourly workers
was a matter of debate. Neighbors felt professional people were parking in
neighborhoods. He inquired about data Staff had or could obtain that would
clarify that point.

Ms. Sullivan agreed there was a lack of data. It would be difficult to
determine the number of hourly workers and their parking locations without
implementing some technology and the RPP Program. Revenue and Access
Controls could allow Staff to transfer permits within a business, which could
solve the issue of parking by hourly workers.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff had given any additional thought to the
problem. He wanted to have data in advance of implementing technology.
He questioned Staff's assertion that there were technical difficulties with
developing a parking app. Apps were developed every day for any and
everything.



                                                                        Page 14 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
