                              MINUTES
Ms. Lee reiterated that Caltrain would review alternatives and attempt to
relocate it.

Mayor Shepherd stated her main concern was the location of PS5.

Ms. Lee explained that Engineers laid out the location of the paralleling
stations with an understanding of how the electricity needed to flow between
the traction power systems. Engineers would need to perform due diligence
to determine whether PS5 could be relocated.

Mayor Shepherd did not believe Caltrain would work effectively in Palo Alto
without grade separations. There was not a visual impact to the Julia
Morgan Building. A catenary system with telephone poles rather than metal
poles was better visually. Perhaps each community could have some choice
of poles.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to: 1) make grade separation language stronger
and not lost within point on, 2) any discussion of grade separation should
ensure that the electrification project would not preclude potential
improvements to the corridor, and 3) all opportunities created for additional
pedestrian access should emphasize safety for the public.

Mr. Aknin indicated a request to analyze pedestrian safety was acceptable.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Kniss Berman absent

18.   Discussion and Direction to Staff on Additional Action the City Should
      Take on the Metropolitan Transportation Commission’s Proposed
      Changes to the Regional Measure 2 Program Specifically Related to
      Dumbarton Rail Funding.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, reported at the April 9, 2014
Metropolitan Transportation Commission's (MTC) Programming and
Allocations Committee (PAC) meeting, Staff did not get the impression that
MTC believed setting aside money for the Dumbarton Rail Project was a
good use of funds. Staff did get the impression that PAC felt allocating $20
million for the Caltrain Electrification Project was a reasonably fair trade-off
for Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) not having to repay the $91 million
Dumbarton loan in the future. PAC focused on projects under construction
or under construction in the near future rather than identification of funding
for projects much further in the future.



04/21/2014                                                              114- 507
