                             MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

David Carnahan, Deputy City Clerk, reminded the public of the recruitments
for the Architectural Review Board and the Planning and Transportation
Commission. The deadline for applications was extended to September 29,
2014 at 5:30 P.M. He reviewed requirements for the Architectural Review
Board and Planning and Transportation Commission.

Danielle Martell had not received responses to her requests for information
under the California Public Records Act. The City failed to comply with legal
requirements to provide information in a timely manner. She requested
Staff be ordered to comply with her requests under the California Public
Records Act.

Roger Smith thanked the Council for placing a measure on the ballot
regarding reduction of the number of Council Members. A number of
community members and elected leaders supported the measure.

Joe Hirsch understood a decision regarding renewal of the Cubberley Master
Lease was due in December 2013; however, no information was available.
If the Master Lease was not extended, Cardiac Therapy Foundation would
close which would be a tragedy. If the Master Lease could not be extended
on a long-term basis, he urged the City Manager and Council to consider a
short-term extension.

William Ross supported recommendations contained in a September 17,
2014 email addressed to the Council concerning the Council's December
2013 approval of a Director's Decision regarding 240 Hamilton Avenue. The
Council's approval was based on erroneous information in the Staff Report.
The 2,000 square feet on the second floor did not exist. The Council should
reconsider an exclusion of Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) space. He
suggested the Planning Director and City Building Official not issue any
further permits for the project.

Stephanie Munoz recalled that the County of Santa Clara (County) gave the
landowners of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park the right to operate a trailer
park at that site. The landowners did not have to build anything to develop
the property. The City of Palo Alto zoned the property R-15. Palo Alto did
not support inequality.

Mayor Shepherd allowed Mr. Hirsch to comment further.

Joe Hirsch reported his previous comments were incorrect. The Council
instructed the City Manager as early as February 2014 regarding
                                                                        Page 8 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/22/14
