                             MINUTES
She noted that the building could be rehabilitated without the above grade
addition, and the fire egress could be installed. She discussed how the
buildings’ innovative approach to massing and façade design was something
that people related to as an example in breaking up mass and scale.

Council Member Scharff said Council needed an interpretation that resonated
with the public and made common sense. It was a concern that there was a
basement that was not often used, which could be converted into office
space, and the building was not parked. The Ordinance gave people an
incentive to upgrade to Category Two status and to rehabilitate their existing
buildings, but discussion about the parking for the TDR’s created concern
that people would not have the incentive to rehabilitate their buildings. He
inquired about what the developer wanted, and what upgrading the
Category meant.

Mr. Rapp answered that the building was in an historic district and 85
percent of the buildings in that district were Category Two buildings.

Council Member Scharff relayed that the applicant had a different project
planned if the Council did not approve this proposal. He inquired about what
direction to give.

Mayor Shepherd reminded that Staffs proposed Motion was to approve the
proposed reclassification of the building from Category Three to Category
Two Historic Resource, enabling generation of 15,000 square feet. She
requested confirmation on Staff’s direction.

Ms. Gitelman said if the building changed from a Category Three to Two, it
qualified for the TDR’s, but the building had to be rehabilitated to create the
TDR’s, which was when the covenant was placed on the building. Council
could decide to: 1) move forward with the re-designation from Category
Three to Two, independent to what was proposed about the project; 2) deny
the proposal and ask for resubmission of a modified proposal; or 3) approve
the project without the rear addition, submit a different interpretation of
building envelope, and not allow the applicant to relocate the square footage
from the basement to the rear addition. The other option was for Council to
ask the applicant to resubmit a modified project.

Council Member Scharff wanted to know if that could be done.

Mr. Rapp wanted his project to be continued.


06/23/2014                                                        115- 205
