                             MINUTES
Greg Betts, Director of Community Services, reported the City had to obtain
a special permit prior to stocking Boronda Lake with fish, because the fish
could escape from Boronda Lake and get into the creek system.

Council Member Burt stated that was not the same issue as those fish could
escape to the creek system in the wet season. He did not believe steelhead
trout was an issue. Creating a riparian corridor that was a natural habitat
would be a valuable asset. The 7.7 acres could be a wonderful natural
meadowland. Hills on the property could be unusable for certain functions,
but they were good for trails. Any trails on the property should connect to
the existing trail system. He discouraged consideration of additional turf on
the property. He was interested in allowing public access in two phases with
near term enhancements to allow access to the public. He inquired whether
Staff discussed revegetating the area with Acterra.

Mr. Anderson answered yes. Acterra was excited about the possibilities.

Mayor Shepherd believed the community should be made aware of the
difficulty of making the 7.7 acres usable. She inquired whether PARC
needed assistance from the Finance Committee regarding timely execution
of things.

Mr. Lauing did not believe assistance was necessary.

James Keene, City Manager, noted the Council's comments often were
opinions or perspectives, but could become potential directives or requests
for additional information. Policy aspects also had to be considered. The
discussion was a good example of the need to formalize follow-up topics for
Staff and to resuscitate topics during the CIP or Budget process.

Herb Borock reminded the Council and PARC that a recent Capital
Improvement Program for Greer Park included placing additional fence posts
around the ball field for the possibility of completing fencing for a multiuse
area. Regarding the dog park memorandum not provided to the Council,
Staff should not decide what was presented to the Council from PARC. Any
report of PARC and/or an ad hoc committee should have been placed in the
packet.

Sea Reddy suggested the 7.7 acres be utilized as an open air concert venue.




11/10/2014                                                              116- 78
