                             MINUTES
THIS MEETING IS A CONTINUATION FROM DECEMBER 1,
2014

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 8:32 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
             Shepherd

Absent:

13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Establishing a Citywide
      Framework for Establishment of Neighborhood-Specific Residential
      Preferential Parking (RPP) Districts.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the objective of the proposed Ordinance was
to preserve neighborhood quality of life by ensuring adequate parking for
residents. A Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Program was one of a
number of management strategies the Council was actively considering to
reduce traffic and to expand parking options. Staff recommended the
Council adopt the framework Ordinance to establish an official policy for
neighborhood-specific RPP Districts across Palo Alto. She failed to officially
open the Public Hearing at the Council meeting held December 1, 2014.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, recommended the Mayor open
the Public Hearing following Staff's presentation and allow anyone in the
audience to speak. The Council could consider public comment made the
previous evening even though the Public Hearing was not technically
opened.

Jessica Sullivan, Parking Manager, reported an RPP Program was a parking
management strategy in that it helped regulate parking. Transportation
demand strategies would assist in reducing the number of cars driving in the
City. Parking supply programs would increase the amount of parking. The
proposed framework was similar to that originally discussed. The Citywide
Ordinance was meant to be an umbrella document which outlined general
criteria that a neighborhood needed to meet in order to become an RPP
District (District).  The Ordinance also outlined the petition process;
however, details of the process would be contained in a neighborhood-
specific Resolution. Resolutions would be developed as part of the process
for a neighborhood becoming an RPP District.            Staff would develop
administrative regulations if the Council adopted the Ordinance. The College
Terrace RPP Program was the only existing true RPP Program in the City. It
was designed to prioritize resident parking in the College Terrace
neighborhood and was created through a detailed Ordinance.


12/02/2014                                                             116- 167
