                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss would not support decreasing the rate. In 1987, the
Council proposed the large user discounts because it felt large companies
would oppose the ballot measure. Stanford Hospital would be unhappy if the
Council continued the large volume discount.

Council Member Klein added the discount was negotiated to obtain approval
of the measure. Staff should provide notice to the nine users as it was only
fair to obtain their comments prior to eliminating the large volume discount.

Council Member Burt noted Council Member Klein did not offer an
Amendment to the Motion regarding notice to large users.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER that the Council defers action on the second half of the Motion
regarding elimination of the large volume discount paid by nine commercial
users of gas, electric and water until such time as Staff has notified the nine
large volume discount users.

Council Member Berman wanted to create a timeline for commercial users to
comment and Staff to report those comments to the Council. The Council
had to meet the deadline to place a measure on the ballot in November
2014.

Ms. Stump reported the first meeting in August was the deadline for the
Council to place an item on the ballot. With the Council Break being the
month of July, the Council would need to act in June. There would be
sufficient time for Staff to communicate to large users and receive their
responses.

Council Member Burt referenced the revenue gain of $550,000 from
eliminating the large user discount. A 0.5 percent rate reduction would
result in a revenue decrease of $315,000, but the overall revenue increase
would be $235,000. A rate decrease was worthy of further consideration.
The Council did not know the community's opinion on reducing rates.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to request Staff return to Council with a number of options for
determination of the rate for the balance of the ratepayers before the
language for the ballot measure has been determined.

Council Member Berman inquired about a method to obtain feedback from
the community.




                                                                         Page 18 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/24/2014
