                              MINUTES
Ms. Stump believed there was a mechanism for Staff to receive confidential
information. It had been done in the past. Staff's lack of expertise in the
grocery business was part of the rationale for hiring an expert consultant.

Council Member Burt was not asserting that Staff's possession of information
would substitute for hiring a consultant.

Mr. Keene felt the City Attorney added a narrow opening related to
confidentiality. The City's culture of transparency placed Staff in the position
of not engaging in a confidentiality agreement.

Council Member Burt commented that the qualifications of J&A Family
Market were based upon J&A Family Market hiring key employees with
expertise in the field. While J&A Family Market was interested in hiring key
employees and key employees desired to be employed by J&A Family
Market, there were no employment contracts. He did not understand how
the consultant or the Council could determine that those individuals would
be hired.

Council Member Price expressed concern that other grocers were not
interested in the site. Baseline conditions and performance measures were
needed to monitor quality of services. The Council needed to take some
action to resolve the issue.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff that Council finds that the Applicant has not submitted sufficient
information for the City to reasonably find that the proposed grocery tenant
is likely to be comparable in quality of products and services as the former
JJ&F Market as it existed and operated on December 7, 2009.

Council Member Klein felt the burden was on the Applicant to demonstrate
that the tenant would offer the same quality of products and services as JJ&F
Market. The lack of information from the Applicant made such a finding
impossible.

Council Member Scharff was disappointed by the Applicant's unwillingness to
share lease terms and other information. He encouraged the Applicant to
return and provide information so that the Council could make a decision
based on evidence.

Council Member Holman concurred that the Council did not have sufficient
information to approve the proposed tenant. She was not comfortable with
the lack of information regarding attempts to lease the site to other grocers.

                                                                          Page 29 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 08/11/14
