                             MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

Mayor Shepherd indicated Page 8 of an at-places memorandum concerning
Agenda Item Number 6 contained an error. The appropriate language
should be "provides Google with written notice that it does wish to renew the
agreement."

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 6. The Staff report on
page 1 indicated Google's proposal complemented the open market
approach when it did not. He questioned Google's need to locate fiber huts
on City property.

Council Member Klein recused himself from participating in Agenda Item
Number 6 as he owned shares of Google.

Mayor Shepherd recused herself from participating in Agenda Item Number
6 as she owned shares of Google.

Council Member Berman recused himself from participating in Agenda Item
Number 6 as he owned shares of Google.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-6.

2.   Approval of a Contract with KEMA Services Inc. in the Amount of
     $233,030 for Development of Sustainability and Climate Action Plan
     (S/CAP).

3.   Approval and Authorization for the City Manager to Execute a Contract
     with PAR Electrical Contractors, Inc. For a Total Not to Exceed Amount
     of $504,020 for the Pole Replacement Project 2, Which Involves
     Construction Maintenance Work on the City’s Electric Distribution
     System at Various Locations Throughout the City of Palo Alto.

4.   Approval of a Contract with Moore Iacofano Goltsman (MIG) in the
     Amount of $499,880 for the Development of a Transportation
     Management Association Study for Downtown Palo Alto and Adoption
     of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5265 entitled “Budget Amendment
     Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in the Amount of
     $180,000 Amending the Fiscal Year 2015 Planning and Community
     Environment Adopted Operating Budget.

                                                                        Page 3 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
