                         FINAL MINUTES
Lois Salo believed composting should occur on the Measure E site as
commanded by the residents of Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff was pleased by Staff's alternative recommendation,
especially by adding the composting to the Measure E site. He hoped Staff
could achieve a faster timeline. He inquired whether Staff envisioned the
composting facility as enclosed in order to minimize dust and odor impacts
on Byxbee Park.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff initially wanted to indicate processing would occur
in an enclosure. Mr. Wenzlau referred to a process in which air was pulled
through material and then treated. The RFP would state that odor and air
had to be controlled. Staff would continue to research technologies for
composting.

Council Member Scharff felt the discussion of energy price was unnecessary.
The City should not charge above-market rates for green power, because it
would result in Palo Alto ratepayers subsidizing regional partners. He asked
if 9.4 cents to 10.4 cents was roughly the current market price for green
power.

Mr. Bobel advised that the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP)
currently paid about 10.4 cents. The Utilities Department indicated 9.4
cents was the low price it expected to pay in the future. Staff would spend
more time working on the issue and hoped to identify a method to prevent
debate of the correct price from delaying the process.

Council Member Scharff asked if the debate would concern the market price
for green power.

Mr. Bobel replied yes.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to approve:

   1. a. Cancel the “Energy/Compost Facility or Export Option for Food
         Scraps, Yard Trimmings, and Biosolids” Request for Proposals (E/CF
         RFP).
      b. Immediately reissue a substitute RFP for implementation of
         Components #2-4 (Anaerobic Digesters; Food Preprocessing; Yard
         Trimmings Composting) of the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP). The
         RFP shall express a preference that the relatively flat portion (3.8
         acres or less) of the Measure E Site shall be used for Aerobic
         Composting of Yard trimmings (Component #4). No later than
                                                                           Page 10 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
