                              MINUTES
became a state was different from current tidal land. The purpose of the
survey was to determine the boundary of State claims. The City and the
SLC proposed to hire jointly a surveyor. Once the current boundary was
determined, then historical research was needed to determine the boundary
when California became a state. At that point, the City would know the
State's historical claims to property, whether there had been changes in the
State's claims because of property sales, whether the State sold property it
acquired as part of statehood, and whether the State continued to own any
of that property. The SLC was extraordinarily helpful in finding creative
solutions. The SLC was eager to resolve the issue or to continue the current
arrangement.

Council Member Holman recalled a great deal of the Baylands was created
through landfill possibly after California became a state.

Mr. Kirsch advised that two federal statutes covered that issue. Boundaries
of the State at statehood, subsequent changes, applicable statutes affecting
states' rights, and property transfers were all issues to be considered.

Council Member Holman inquired about discrimination against commercial
operators. Restrictions on activities in the vicinity of commercial operations
could impact the Baylands. She asked if that was a concern for the City.

Ms. Stump reported the nondiscrimination provision was a standard part of
grant assurances required by the FAA from all airport sponsors. Many
airports had wildlife and bird management issues.

Mr. Kirsch indicated the operator of an airport that received federal grants
could not unjustly discriminate among commercial operators. Commercial
operators did not include passenger carriers. The Airport was not licensed to
receive passenger carriers. Unjust discrimination meant the City could not
allow one entity to operate at the Airport and not another entity. The
geographic limits of the Airport were defined by the City. If someone
proposed an operation consistent with City rules, regulations, and standards
and if space was available, then the City was required to accommodate the
operation. All airport operators were required to have a Wildlife Hazard
Assessment Plan. Wildlife was less of a problem along San Francisco Bay.
The City would need to make a wildlife assessment to determine whether
there were any wildlife hazards on or near the Airport and how to handle
those hazards in a humane and responsible manner.

Mayor Shepherd felt it would be difficult for the Airport to operate at a profit.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
                                                                           Page 35 of 36
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 08/11/14
