                           ACTION MINUTES
  MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
  Klein to direct the City Manager to prepare a report to the City Council
  outlining:

     1. Prospective programs and incentives that would result in the use of
        electrical devices to replace those using natural gas;

     2. Possible building code changes to require, where feasible, the use of
        electrical appliances rather than natural gas appliances in the
        construction and renovation of residential and commercial buildings;

     3. Possible changes to utility rate structures that would not penalize fuel
        switching; and

     4. Evaluation of additional strategies to support adoption of electric
        vehicles. The report should consider and take into account applicable
        legal requirements, and identify potential legal, code or regulatory
        barriers that would need to be changed to facilitate fuel-switching. The
        City Manager will return to the Council by the first meeting in February
        with an initial report to Council on the timeframe required to research
        and develop this report, and the staff and related resources that will
        be necessary, as this initiative would be an important component in
        the 2015 Work Plan.

  MOTION PASSED: 9-0

  24. Colleagues Memo from Vice Mayor Kniss and Council Members Holman,
      Klein and Price Regarding Regulation of Short-term Rentals in
      Residential Neighborhoods (e.g., Airbnb and Related Businesses).

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct Staff to conduct a Study Session with City Council no later than March
31, 2015, on the various questions posed by businesses that facilitate short-
term rentals of rooms, apartments or houses in residential neighborhoods
(e.g., Airbnb, etc.), what actions the City has taken, and what actions, if any,
the City should take.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to direct Staff to return with a Study Session and remove the verbiage
of returning no later than March 31, 2015.


                                                                            Page 9 of 10
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 12/15/14
