Vice Mayor Kniss explained that the lease with PAUSD was negotiated in
order to channel funds to PAUSD. The existing Cubberley facility was in bad
shape and could not be utilized for a school. She could not envision the
Ventura site becoming an elementary school. It was unusual for a City to
have a long-term lease for a deserted school.

Council Member Scharff felt the City should continue to negotiate
cooperatively with PAUSD; however, eliminating the Covenant not to
Develop was necessary. Any impact to PAUSD from loss of those funds
would be softened by the continued increase in property values and property
taxes. The community would benefit from PACCC improving the Ventura
site. PAUSD must state whether it would need Ventura or Cubberley for
school sites.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to accept Staff recommendation to authorize the City Manager to
negotiate with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) Superintendent
to execute a new lease agreement based on the following terms and
conditions. These terms are intended to provide a balance of flexibility and
certainty to both City and PAUSD for the Cubberley site, in the near term
and the long term, while enabling most effective investment of public funds.
Suggested terms for consideration:

   1. Eliminate the Covenant not to Develop from the lease. Reallocate that
      funding towards investment in the Cubberley facilities for long
      neglected and ongoing maintenance. Consider inclusion of Ventura
      Community Center site for reinvestment dollars.

   2. Eliminate the Consumer Price Index (CPI) annual increases.

   3. Create a longer term lease (20 years) with PAUSD to allow creation of
      a long-term plan for the City owned 8-acre site, investment in facility
      improvements and public access to playing fields.

   4. Explore new terms with PAUSD to allow potential reconfiguration of the
      City’s 8 acres within the Cubberley site.

   5. Eliminate the language allowing PAUSD to purchase the City’s 8 acres.

   6. Eliminate the buy-back/repurchase option clause that allows PAUSD to
      repurchase Ventura.

   7. Continue Child Care program per terms and conditions of the existing
      lease.



02/24/2014                                                            114- 344
