Mr. Nathan Perez remarked that if the Council chose to eliminate big-ticket
items from the list, then they would be removed from the list prior to
calculating fees.

Council Member Scharff added that some big-ticket items needed to be
added to the list prior to calculating fees. Council Member Burt mentioned a
transportation fee, a wastewater fee, and a public safety fee. The question
was whether they would be included in the study to determine a fee.

Mr. Lalo Perez reported a transportation fee would be studied because the
net cost of many of the projects was relatively stable. Several projects,
especially the PSB, might be eliminated resulting in a low amount of costs
and a smaller fee. The Council should proceed with consideration of a
transportation fee until it made the final decisions on those projects. The
general government facilities fee could proceed, because MSC funding
sources were unclear.

Council Member Scharff asked why the MSC with an approximate cost of
$300 million was not included in the list.

Mr. Lalo Perez Staff explained that the dollar amount was not reliable and
was part of the CIP process.

Council Member Holman noted that parking impact fees were not included on
the list to be increased and had not been updated since 1989. The in-lieu
parking fee for Downtown development was updated in 1995 and
recommended for update. She asked why those were not included on the
list.

Mr. Nathan Perez agreed that those fees may need to be updated.           Zonal
fees were outside the scope of DTA's contract.

Mr. Lalo Perez explained that Staff was reviewing fees in manageable groups
and would continue the process with all fees.

Council Member Holman stated the definition of home demolition needed to
be changed, because of the exemption from impact fees and the lack of
proper assessment for property taxes. She inquired about the number of
projects that were more than 50 parcels in reference to page 87, Residential
Subdivisions of Over 50 Parcels.

Mr. Lalo Perez did not have an answer but would report back.

Council Member Holman felt the number should be lower, certainly not 50 as
she could not think of a single project over 50 parcels. She asked if a
California Avenue in-lieu fee was outside the scope of the presentation.
                                                                      Page 14 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 03/03/14
