accepted by the City were sometimes inadequate given the private gain
associated with PC Zoning and the long-term implications of the project.
The PC Ordinance was first adopted in 1951 with no mention of a public
benefit. In 1978, the PC Ordinance was revised to include public benefit and
to require a process and findings. Approximately 100 PC Zones had been
approved since 1951, with one-third being approved prior to 1978 and two-
thirds since 1978. The PC process included two required P&TC meetings,
one required Architectural Review Board (ARB) hearing, and Council
adoption of specific findings when approving a PC. Staff sought specific
direction regarding a time-out for PC Zoning. If the Council chose to
implement a time-out, then Staff requested direction regarding PC Zoning
reform as a standalone topic or as part of Our Palo Alto. One application for
a PC Zone at 2755 El Camino Real was pending. As currently proposed,
Staff recommended the application be delayed as the Council discussed PC
Zone reform. The development was a 30,000-square-foot proposed office
building at the corner of El Camino Real and Page Mill Road. Staff performed
a pro forma analysis of the project and concluded that proposed public
benefits were equitable to private gain. Staff concluded the project could be
developed under Service Commercial (CS) Zoning and remain profitable.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff comment on the request for Council
Members not to suggest specific PC reforms.

Hilary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reiterated
that the recommendation grew out of the Council's Study Session on
December 2, 2013. Staff requested Council Members provide their opinions
and suggestions regarding a time-out for PC Zoning and a schedule for Staff
to return with recommendations. Staff was not requesting Council Members
comment on specific reforms.

Tom DuBois reviewed a few results from the National Citizen Survey. While
PC Zoning should be reformed, current zoning was not having the intended
effect. He requested the Council defer requests for land use exceptions or
exchanges until the Comprehensive Plan update was completed. He hoped
the time-out would apply to the pending application for PC Zoning.

Jeff Pollock, speaking on behalf of group of five, stated the 2755 El Camino
Real Project was not abusive, was moderately sized, fulfilled the South El
Camino Real Design Guidelines and Grand Boulevard Vision, and provided
desired benefits. The project would be fully parked and would raise values
in the area, and would bring prestige to the City. The project should be
allowed to proceed.

Ken Hayes, Hayes Group Architects, reported that the 2755 El Camino Real
Project as proposed was 10,000 square feet larger than allowed under CS
                                                                       Page 14 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/03/14
