                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff questioned whether Mr. Friend meant traditional
sustainability issues when talking about integrating the Comprehensive Plan
and sustainability. Many sustainable community strategies were the same
as New Urbanism.

Mr. Friend wanted residents to state clearly the type of community they
wanted, parameters to measure that, and development patterns based on
performance. A performance-based approach to growth suggested that
impacts from growth could be controlled directly. Staff had not analyzed
that and did not know the impacts from a sustainability perspective. That
kind of fresh thinking could assist Staff.

Council Member Scharff wished to take          action that would enhance the
quality of life. The Council should consider   cost-benefits, who paid, and how
that functioned. He wanted to see more         concrete ideas. He asked if the
Council and community should ignore the        numbers in the graph regarding
natural gas.

Mr. Friend answered yes.

Council Member Scharff believed that was a dangerous precedent, in that
anyone could use the information in public statements.

Mr. Friend reiterated that Staff was in the early stages of complex research.
Staff wanted to be open and communicative, but that meant Staff would
show the Council work in progress.          He requested Council guidance
regarding ways for Staff to support the Council while working through these
complex issues.

Council Member Scharff suggested he simply delete the numbers from the
graph.

Mr. Friend reported the graph was not wildly inaccurate; it was just one
possible scenario. He requested a session with the Council in the spring to
demonstrate a live tool that could demonstrate the effects of changes.

Council Member Scharff did not feel Mr. Friend was attempting to partner
with the Utilities Department. Some of Mr. Friend's statements did not
appear to be technically correct. Mr. Friend seemed to suggest no new gas
hookups, but Council Member Scharff doubted that was legal.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Members limit their comments in the
interest of time.




12/08/2014                                                              116- 197
