                             MINUTES
on the project. One group testified for four hours about the importance of
the project. At that point, the Water Board encouraged the Executive Officer
to issue the permit as soon as possible. However, it added several qualifiers
to its action. The August 29, 2014 letter arrived a few days later.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Water Board could issue the permit if it
chose to do so.

Mr. Keene responded yes. At the August meeting, the Water Board decided
to leave the application with the Executive Officer.

Council Member Scharff questioned whether another group should attend the
next Water Board meeting.

Mr. Keene felt the Water Board was sympathetic to the public outpouring.
Subsequently, alternatives were presented to cloud the issue. The Water
Board suffered no consequences if it failed to act. Both legal and legislative
actions would be slow.

Council Member Berman asked who at the Regional Water Quality Control
Board made the final determination.

Mr. Keene replied Bruce Wolfe, the Executive Officer.

Council Member Berman asked who hired Mr. Wolfe.

Mr. Keene indicated he was appointed by the Governor.

Mr. Materman clarified that Water Board members hired him.

Council Member Berman asked if the JPA first applied 1for the permit 9
months ago.

Mr. Materman stated the JPA first applied in March 2013.

Council Member Berman asked if the application was deemed complete a
year ago.

Mr. Materman reported the JPA applied in March 2013 and thereafter
submitted data in response to requests. In September 2013 the Water
Board indicated the JPA application was complete but it had questions. The
JPA worked with the Water Board through the fall of 2013 and made some
changes at the request of the Water Board and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Service. In February 2014, the Water Board denied the permit without
                                                                        Page 25 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/22/14
