                            MINUTES
surveys performed regarding infrastructure projects. He could not support
any funding now, but perhaps in the future.

Council Member Schmid liked the focus on an investment in the future and
would wholeheartedly support an extension of the lease if needed.
Operational costs were positive through 2014, but half of revenues were
donations. He assumed donors had the same figures as presented to the
Council; therefore, it might be good to have a financial discussion with the
City first. He enthusiastically supported the concept, but he needed an in-
depth review of financial information.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Finance Committee reviewed the proposal two
years ago. At that time, the History Museum had a gap of $800,000 and a
need of $1.2 million and did not expect to use all of the building. She
inquired whether the History Museum would utilize the entire Roth Building.

Mr. Green indicated the operations budget included leasing at commercial
rates about 2,100 square feet of the second floor to nonprofit groups.

Mayor Shepherd felt there could be some tax implications in that situation.
She asked if the Board had determined any of those details.

Mr. Green answered no.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the History Museum would be open only two days a
week.

Mr. Green replied yes. The History Museum could open with one semi-
permanent exhibit and one rotating gallery.

Mayor Shepherd requested an explanation for why the gap had increased
from two years ago.

Mr. Green did not have an answer. The construction budget was reviewed
and updated in July 2012.

Mayor Shepherd noted fundraising amounts were larger then.

Steve Staiger, former Palo Alto History Museum Board Member, explained
that the Board was counting on a historic tax investment credit at one time;
however, it determined those funds would not be available for the project.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the City's purchase and repair of the building
interested donors.


                                                                      Page 11 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 3/24/2014
