                              MINUTES
standards. Staff quantified the number of acutely hazardous and hazardous
materials facilities regulated under the Fire Code. Staff investigated other
standards and the number and types of facilities that complied with
standards. Staff did not find it a useful course of investigation to set zoning.
Perhaps Council Member Burt could suggest additional approaches for Staff
to investigate.

Council Member Burt advised that the lack of an easily available standard did
not make the proposal a good one. The Council wanted Ordinances to be
legally sound which would require some level of technical basis. By simply
stating plating facilities, the same risk could occur in a different type of
facility. The Ordinance should include other types of facilities. The use of
cryogenics had virtually no association with plating, but could be found in
many other facilities.

James Keene, City Manager, understood Council Member Burt's intent to
include many facilities.    The conversation could need to be iterative
concerning thresholds and tiers and could involve consultant assistance.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff consult with CUPA experts at the
County of Santa Clara or utilize AECOM.

Ms. Gitelman reported the current Ordinance contained two tiers; CUPA and
CalARP thresholds. CUPA thresholds required notification after a building
permit was issued for facilities that met the CUPA standard.          CalARP
thresholds required a 300-foot buffer for any new facility and any existing
facility that expanded or improve its facilities. Staff attempted to identify
additional tiers that might be appropriate. After months of discussions and
consultations with experts, Staff concluded the issue was land use
compatibility, whether one land use was compatible next to another. Land
use had inherent risks associated with hazardous materials. Staff could
attempt to identify a threshold between CUPA and CalARP thresholds if the
Council wished.

Council Member Burt wanted Staff to make another attempt.

Council Member Scharff asked if additional analysis would delay providing
relief for the neighborhood. He was concerned that Staff would not return
for another two years.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff would perform some additional analysis prior to
crafting an Ordinance with or without the Amendment. Until she could
speak with experts and debrief from the meeting, she could not provide a
timeline for Staff to return.

                                                                          Page 31 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/06/14
