                       FINAL MINUTES
on timely and comprehensive upgrades to Caltrain to improve service,
operations, safety, and connectivity.            Caltrain improvements and
connectivity to BART were critical. With respect to ballot language, she
suggested SVLG review the last sales tax transportation issue in San Mateo
in terms of identification of projects and flexibility in the utilization of funds.
She inquired whether SVLG was considering a 35-year lifespan for the tax
measure.

Mr. Guardino had not heard the possibility of the sales tax extending 35
years.

Council Member Price remarked that transportation design and technology
would improve significantly over 30 years. She questioned whether SVLG
could draft ballot language that would allow for unanticipated technology or
modifications that could occur in the future. She asked if SVLG could draft
language that would identify the parties responsible for designing a process
to allow that kind of flexibility.

Mr. Guardino reported SVLG was eager to explore Dumbarton rail until cost
estimates exploded in the north and ridership projections plummeted in the
south. Dumbarton rail was not an affordable project with a high return on
investment (ROI). Electrification funds had not been diverted to Mountain
View light rail. With respect to the Santa Clara Valley Taxpayer Association's
opposition on the basis of a lack of definition, there was no ballot measure
yet and, thus, no specificity. If SVLG decided to proceed, the tax measure
would have a high level of specificity. Balancing specificity with flexibility
was difficult. SVLG had tested a tax measure spanning only 30 years.

Council Member Price felt grade separations were very important to
operations and safety. She recognized that the estimated cost for grade
separations was $100 million to $150 million per grade separation.

Mr. Guardino understood that not all locations for grade separation had been
scoped. The ones that had been scoped fell into the $100 million to $150
million range.

Council Member Berman believed Palo Alto residents would want to ensure
language in the proposal restricted the ability to reallocate funds; however,
some flexibility would be needed to modify funding within areas. Voters
would want to know funds would be expended where promised. He asked if
jurisdictions and the public would be given an opportunity to comment on
specific information before any proposal was finalized.

Mr. Guardino explained that in the five previous measures, the quickest
SVLG put together a measure was six months, and the longest time was 16
                                                                               Page 21 of 29
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
