                      FINAL MINUTES
Libby Lucas supported Staff's proposal; however, she was concerned that
use of the 3.8-acre site would impact wetlands and the wildlife corridor.
Facilities should be located closer to Byxbee Park.

Enid Pearson requested the Council support Staff's original organics
management plan. Palo Alto would find a better plan to handle yard
trimmings and possibly one to generate power.

Mary Carlstead supported Staff's alternative recommendation. The Council
could not afford to make an emotional mistake.

John Kelley felt the Council's decisions would be important and urged the
Council to support Staff's alternative recommendation.

Claire Elliott supported use of anaerobic digestion and local composting.
Moving the composting site upland would not damage the quality of wildlife
habitats in the lowland.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere supported the Staff recommendation with a few
changes. Perhaps food scraps from regional preprocessors could be added
while the onsite preprocessor was constructed. Vendors should propose
solutions regarding mixing food and sewage streams. He hoped a vendor
could be selected by November 2014. Yard waste composting should not be
excessively engineered.

Alex Cannara, Palo Alto Green Energy (PAGE), suggested the Council
implement a carbon tax so that each option in the project accounted for
externalities.

Karen Harwell supported the alternative as a compromise. Palo Alto should
handle waste onsite.

Herb Borock indicated composting would create carbon dioxide, on which
there could be a carbon tax. The City had utilized an anaerobic digester in
the past. Harvest Power appeared to be the reason for the entire process.

Cybele concurred with prior comments regarding not trucking yard waste
and accelerating the timeline.

Craig Lewis, Clean Coalition Executive Director, requested the Council
support the alternative proposal. Palo Alto could be a model for self-reliance
by composting yard waste onsite.


                                                                            Page 9 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
