                             MINUTES
Staff proposed periodic retreats with the Sustainability Board and additional
Study Sessions with the Council as milestones and ideas developed. Key
questions to remember were: how good was good enough; what would it
take specifically in terms of policy, technology, investment, innovation, and
behavior to actually reach goals; was the City going to choose a future from
those being offered or create its own future; and would the City improve on
past performance or make history.

Stephen Rosenblum encouraged the use of battery storage on all scales
particularly in individual houses so that people could use photovoltaic arrays
to generate as much power as possible. Stored power could be utilized
when the grid went down or to charge electric vehicles at night.

Sven Thesen agreed the City needed boldness and pragmatism. The next
steps were to make electricity 100 percent renewable; institute tiered rates
for natural gas as soon as possible; and provide rebates for heat pumps.

Bruce Hodge, Carbon Free Palo Alto, stated mitigation and adaptation were
crucial and necessary.        The City should replace its existing energy
infrastructure with an electricity-based infrastructure with energy from
renewable sources such as solar and wind. The City should plan for
increased drought conditions, a less reliable water supply, and increased
storm surges and flooding. He called on the entire community to engage
directly with the climate issue.

Walt Hays expressed gratitude for the Council's support of sustainability and
pledged his personal commitment to support City initiatives.

Wynn Grcich spoke regarding geoengineering of weather as a weapon of
war. Chemical sprays caused Alzheimer's and made the ground acidic.

Sandra Slater stated the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)
report was devastating. Palo Alto had to show people that culture could
change and had to create an environment of change.

Arthur Keller believed much of the sustainability work would happen in
parallel with the Our Palo Alto process. Work on the Climate Action Plan
could be assisted by understanding the interaction among sustainability
efforts, the Our Palo Alto process, and City Boards and Commissions.

Council Member Klein felt a sense of urgency regarding the Climate Action
Plan and hoped Staff would provide suggestions for programs in 60 to 120
days rather than waiting to present the Climate Action Plan. He inquired
whether the built environment consumed 25 percent of energy.

04/21/2014                                                            114- 474
