                             MINUTES
guarantor of the lease. He requested an explanation of the relationship of
the guarantor to the lease. Mr. Polentz stated that no other grocer was
interested in the site under the terms to which Mr. Garcia agreed. He asked
how Mr. Smailey would be successful at the site when other proven grocers
would not. He asked why other grocers were offered only the terms of the
Garcia lease.

Mr. Polentz indicated J&A Family Market was a corporation and the guarantor
of the lease was Mr. Smailey. As part of the entitlement process, virtually all
of the business terms of an agreement to lease had already been negotiated.
Mr. Smailey agreed to accept all of those terms in the hope that that would
be the appropriate response for a replacement tenant, because the Council
had already assessed it under the terms of the agreement to lease.
Discussions with other grocers were not limited to terms included in the
agreement to lease with Mr. Garcia and JJ&F Market. Grocers could propose
any terms; however, no grocer had proposed any business terms to lease
the site.

Council Member Burt asked why Mr. Smailey would be successful and other
grocers would not.

Mr. Polentz could not speculate on why an established grocer was not
interested in the site.

Council Member Burt could not discern who initiated the agreement with Mr.
Smailey. He asked why the Developer's son would enter into an agreement
with the owners.

Mr. Polentz attempted to answer that question previously.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Member Burt conclude his questions in
the interest of time.

Council Member Burt understood the consultant reviewed the business plan
subject to a confidentiality agreement. He asked if Staff could agree to
terms of confidentiality and still divulge information to the Council.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff believed receipt of confidential information
would place that information in the public record, and Staff would have to
release that information to anyone who requested it.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff could agree to a confidentiality
agreement.

                                                                         Page 28 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/11/14
