                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman indicated the Fry's site was designated as Service Commercial
(CS) on the existing condition map because of current uses of the site;
however, it should be multifamily residential.

Mr. Hill stated much of the Plan area was located in the Pedestrian Transit
Oriented Development (PTOD) Combining District. The PTOD Combining
District allowed higher density residential uses within walking distance of
transit while protecting and preserving historic resources and surrounding
lower density uses. In and around the Plan area were a number of separate
planning initiatives recently completed or underway; the Bicycle and
Pedestrian Transportation Plan, the California Avenue Streetscape
Improvement Project, the Rail Corridor Study, the ongoing El Camino Real
Design Guidelines Update, and the Grand Boulevards Initiative. The impetus
for creating the Plan was the need to develop a vision for sustaining and
improving the California Avenue Business and Retail District; the need to
manage change in areas that could accommodate change while preserving
and enhancing the quality of life in existing neighborhoods; and the need to
address parking, pedestrian and bicycle connectivity, and open space and
park amenities.     The draft Plan was developed with extensive public
involvement and opportunities for community input. The contents of the
Plan reflected community comments. Three subareas within the Plan were
identified that accommodated a degree of change.          Outside the three
subareas, Staff heard a strong desire for neighborhood preservation. Vision
and key concepts for each subarea were developed based on community
input. Concepts were refined based on input from the Council and the PTC.
All input was translated into the goals, policies, and programs contained in
the draft Plan. The Plan was intended to assist the public and decision
makers with framing the context for future planning decisions in the Plan
area. The Plan contained goals, policies, and programs specific to the area
in general and specific to each subarea. Generally, existing Comprehensive
Plan land use designations applicable to the area were preserved with two
exceptions. First, a mixed use designation would be applied to the Fry's site.
Second, a new Technology Corridor Overlay would be applied along Park
Boulevard. The first goal of the Plan was to manage change in areas that
could accommodate change while preserving the quality of life in
neighborhoods and preserving the existing commercial character of
California Avenue.    The second goal, specific to the California Avenue
subarea, was to preserve the existing commercial character of California
Avenue. The third goal, specific to the Park Boulevard subarea, sought to
build on the nascent cluster of technology-oriented businesses along Park
Boulevard and to promote Park Boulevard as an important hub of innovation
and entrepreneurship for new companies.



04/21/2014                                                            114- 487
