Mr. Keenan reported Contra Costa County functioned with two employees
and a temporary employee. That office could also operate Palo Alto's TMA if
the Council desired.

Neilson Buchanan felt Staff's proposals were favored by neighborhoods.
Neighborhoods supported Staff's recommendation to solicit proposals for
alternative ideas. Staff's and the Council's commitment to implement RPP
Programs was important to neighborhoods.

Alice Frayne indicated people needed transportation throughout the day to
medical centers.

Phyllis Cassel, speaking for Mary Alice Thornton, League of Women Voters in
Palo Alto, stated the League of Women Voters supported measures to reduce
commuter and public dependence on private automobiles. It was important
to evaluate the effectiveness of each program. Public transportation must
be frequent and dependable. The League of Women Voters encouraged the
Council to proceed with implementation of a TDM Program.

Stephanie Munoz suggested shuttle service to medical clinics be divided by
area of the City and day of the week. Valet parking was not feasible as
there was no place to park cars. Businesses should not pay for all programs.

Ma’ayan Dembe noted shuttles were not routed to the California Avenue
business district, Menlo Park, and Mountain View. She questioned the cost
of shuttles for riders and the selection of the TwoGo ride share app.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, indicated TDM Programs were a trend in the
region, particularly in the Caltrain Corridor. The proposed programs were
good first steps. The City should survey the population to determine the
rider base. New parking revenue sources could be utilized to reduce the
need to build additional parking.

Hal Mikelson, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, advocated for the use of
incentives to increase participation in TDM Programs.

Gabrielle Layton hoped measures were accompanied by strong data analysis
to prove measures were effective.

Mayor Shepherd noted Staff and the Council were in the action phase of Our
Palo Alto. She requested Staff respond to public comments.

Mr. Aknin reported Staff proposed a route to California Avenue during
construction along with one other route. Staff proposed routes based on
community feedback.     The routes could be changed, and Staff would
consider routes proposed by RFP respondents.

02/24/2014                                                           114- 329
