                              MINUTES
      Bonds by the California Municipal Finance Authority for the Purpose of
      Financing the Acquisition, Construction and Development of a
      Multifamily Rental Housing Facility (Staff requests this item be
      continued to a date uncertain).

21.   From Policy and Services Committee: Staff Requests Direction From
      Council on the Naming of the Main Library and Colleagues' Memo from
      Council Members Klein and Price Regarding the Renaming.

Vice Mayor Kniss, 2013 Chairperson of the Policy and Services Committee,
reviewed the procedure for renaming public facilities and the requirements
for a name. The Main Library was located on land where the original City
was developed. The land was also part of the original Rancho Rinconada
land tract. In September 2013, the Library Advisory Commission (LAC)
voted unanimously to rename Main Library to Rinconada. The Palo Alto
Historical Association (PAHA) confirmed the accuracy and appropriateness of
the name Rinconada. In December 2013, the Policy and Services Committee
voted 2-2 on the issue. In February 2014 the LAC again voted unanimously
on the name Rinconada. Possible names were Main and Rinconada.

Council Member Klein requested Council Members with an opposing
viewpoint be allowed to speak at the current time.

Mayor Shepherd granted the request.

Council Member Klein indicated the procedures for naming City facilities
varied and mentioned King Plaza as an example. On September 9, 2013,
the Council voted to refer renaming of Main Library to the Policy & Services
Committee with directions for the members to work with PAHA to
recommend a name of a distinguished person in Palo Alto history or to
recommend the continued use of the name Main if an appropriate individual
could not be determined. That was the relevant policy of the Council.

Mayor Shepherd noted five Council Member votes were needed to effect a
change in name.

Robert Moss, Library Advisory Commission, reported the LAC spent a great
deal of time discussing the issue and received input from Library Staff,
PAHA, and the public. With the exception of Main Library and Children's
Library, libraries were named for their locations. The LAC determined the
name Rinconada was historically important and associated with facilities in
the adjacent neighborhood. He urged the Council to accept the LAC's
recommendation.

Jeremy Erman asked the Council not to rename Main Library. The City
seemed intent on turning Main Library into just another branch. Under the

                                  9                              April 7, 2014
