                              MINUTES

Ms. Gitelman indicated that was Staff's intent. Although, she could imagine
a situation where Council could adopt a Resolution for a specific District that
had a different approach.

Ms. Sullivan added that Staff's intent was not to list every type of permit
that could be issued in a particular District. Staff preferred to include that in
the neighborhood-specific Resolution.

Council Member Klein wanted to ensure Council actions favored one non-
resident group over other non-resident groups.

Ms. Gitelman remarked that the Ordinance favored employees who worked
within the District, not employees who worked elsewhere or commuted to
other neighborhoods.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff coordinated Section 10.50.070(d)(7)
with Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD). He expressed concern that
high schools would need exemptions for more than five events per school
year.

Ms. Gitelman had not discussed the exemption with PAUSD.

Council Member Klein inquired about an exemption for City events.

Ms. Gitelman attempted to design an Ordinance that would enable
neighborhood-specific programs to address impacts of parking associated
with nearby businesses.       The Ordinance stated nearby businesses and
institutional uses, which allowed some flexibility.

Council Member Klein felt an exemption specifically for schools opened the
question of City events. The Ordinance should contain language for City
events.

Council Member Schmid felt the definition under Section 10.50.020(c) of
employee permit was logical for Downtown; however, it would not apply in
an RPP District for a solely residential area. He inquired whether employee
permits would be excluded from RPP Districts in residential areas.

Ms. Sullivan did not attempt to provide an exhaustive list of situations that
could occur. The appropriate place to identify such situations would be in a
Resolution.

Council Member Schmid believed not allowing employee parking in an
annexed RPP District would induce fringe neighborhoods to become annexed
rather than participating in the original RPP District.



12/02/2014                                                               116- 173
