                            MINUTES
Council Member Scharff asked if proceeds from the sale of TDRs would be
placed into a fund and not used for maintenance or operating expenses.

Ms. Stump reported the Code provided proceeds would be placed in a fund
and the funds would be directed to the site that generated them in the first
instance. Leftover funds could go elsewhere.

Council Member Scharff felt something had to be done with the building.
The disadvantage of selling TDRs would be a commitment to renovate the
building.

Gail Woolley commented that the building was listed on the National Register
and had to be renovated.

Council Member Scharff reiterated that the commitment would be to
renovate the building to the Secretary's standards.

Ms. Stump explained that Staff described a series of issues and factors for
the Council to consider. Those were policy questions. Staff did not make a
recommendation or provide a set of options. The History Museum requested
the item be presented to the Council. Perhaps questions were best directed
to them.

Council Member Scharff wanted to understand the City's options.

Mr. Green advised that the requirement to renovate the Roth Building was
established in the SOFA 1 (South of Forest Avenue) agreement.

Council Member Scharff remarked that if the Board raised sufficient funds
through the challenge grant, it would have a shell of a building and would
need to raise an additional $9 million to develop exhibits and programs. The
Board did not have a record of being able to raise $9 million, let alone
another $9 million.

Mr. Green had strong support from the donor community, some of whom
were eager to see the outcome of the Roth Building. Calculations based on
resources of the donor pool indicated the Board could raise more than $10
million. The Board felt comfortable that they could raise the money.

Council Member Scharff inquired about a projected opening date for the
Museum.

Mr. Green responded September 2016.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood the building was listed as a historic building
and would have to be renovated to the Secretary's Standards.

12/15/2014                                                           116- 249
