                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid proposed language for the Motion of "ask Staff to
expedite a Council discussion of fines on existing PCs."

Ms. Gitelman reported a Study Session regarding PC reform was scheduled
for the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) that week. Staff
would present information on PC reform to the Council on October 6, 2014.

Council Member Schmid wanted an expedited discussion of existing PCs
rather than all PCs.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Agenda item was not PC reform.

Ms. Stump understood Council Member Schmid's request was concern
regarding scheduling of an item. With the number of complex issues before
the Council, discussion of PC reform twice was not the best use of time.

Mayor Shepherd felt duplicating the services and products of JJ&F Market
would be very difficult. The Applicant should reach out to the neighborhood
to generate community support.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   Transfer of the Operation of Palo Alto Airport to the City Requiring
      Adoption of: 1) Resolution 9452 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Approving Four Contracts - the Termination
      Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Federal Obligations
      Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Federal Aviation
      Administration Supplemental Lease Agreement, and the State Lands
      Commission Lease No. PRC ___;” 2) Resolution 9453 entitled
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving FY 2015
      Palo Alto Airport Fees and Charges;” 3) Resolution 9454 entitled
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving Application
      of the County Airport Rules and Regulations and General Aviation
      Aircraft License Agreement to the Palo Alto Airport During FY 2015;”
      and 4) Ordinance Amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Sections
      12.04.020, 12.04.030, 12.04.040 and 12.20.010, to add “General
      Aviation Airport” to Existing Definitions and Permit the Adoption of
      Airport Fees and Charges by Resolution.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, reported the Santa Clara County Board
of Supervisors approved the Transfer Agreement the prior week.

Andy Swanson, Airport Manager, advised that the Airport was very busy and
played an important role as a reliever airport. The loan amount from the
                                                                         Page 30 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/11/14
