                             MINUTES
Ms. Lawson reported the Council did have information about the business
plan in Attachment C. Attachment B was a copy of the lease between the
owner of the property, College Terrace Centre LLC, and J&A Family Market.
Neither party was related. The item for consideration was a replacement
tenant for JJ&F Market. The third-party consultant did review the trade
secret list of employees. The consultant and Staff determined the Applicant
satisfied terms of the Condition of Approval.       She read the Mission
Statement of J&A Family Market.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if the Applicant's proposal met the letter of the law
for findings adopted in 2010.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, advised that three other projects
contained a grocery store as a community benefit. For the project under
discussion, the Council adopted a comprehensive set of conditions in an
attempt to prevent problems that occurred with the other projects. The
burden was on the Developer to provide the same level of services as of
2009. The Council could determine whether operative findings were met
based on the evidence. The Condition of Approval was well crafted and
contained a number of safeguards.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the Council could require the tenant to
report to the City on the success of its operations every six months or so.

Ms. Silver felt the Council could direct Staff to require the Applicant to
prepare a report or to monitor existing community benefits.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled the Council's concerns regarding monitoring of
PCs. If she supported approval of the tenant, then she would want to
require monitoring of the tenant.

Ms. Silver indicated such a requirement was within the Council's purview.

Council Member Scharff asked if Ms. Lawson stated this was a lease between
College Terrace Centre LLC, the property owner for 80 years, and another
business entity.

Ms. Lawson replied yes.

Council Member Scharff explained that LLC entities had not been in
existence for 80 years. Her statement clearly was not true. He requested
clarification of the ownership structure.


                                                                        Page 21 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/11/14
