                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired whether Mr. Perez was discounting the
number by 50 percent.

Mr. N. Perez responded yes, because an employee was weighted as 50
percent of a resident.

Council Member Burt believed the Council wanted to return both items for
recalculation based upon office density. A second issue was public safety
needs that lacked a revenue source.

Mr. Keene felt comfortable with reviewing public safety facilities to
determine the amount of funding that could be set aside for collecting a fee.
The distribution of that fee would be affected by other changes. Staff could
review one component of the non-residential office piece in a short period,
but not necessarily the whole range of issues related to residential versus
non-residential. Staff would review the general Infrastructure Funding Plan
in relation to the fee.

Council Member Burt asked if the item would return to the Council or the
Finance Committee.

Mr. Keene indicated that would be the Council's discretion.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to return to Finance Committee for review of both the appropriate
non-residential densities and corresponding calculations and review public
safety needs that do not have identified revenue sources.

Council Member Berman believed additional information had created more
questions to which the Council needed answers. The Finance Committee
considered fees on May 6, 2014. The Infrastructure Committee developed
the Infrastructure Funding Plan in early August 2014. A great deal had
changed since then. The Council needed a better understanding of numbers
in Tables 19 and 20.

Council Member Klein chastised Staff and the Finance Committee for their
poor review of the issues. The amount of fees collected over a short period
of time was not significant in comparison to a $57 million Public Safety
Building. Staff's reasons for delaying the item were not defensible. He
requested the City Attorney provide a definition of "without an identified
revenue source." The Council could consider creating a gap that could be
filled by the fee. The Council had not made legal promises regarding funding
of the fire station needs. The City would depend on the consultant's
expertise in a lawsuit; therefore, the Council had to rely on his methodology
or reject the fees.

11/03/2014                                                            116- 64
