                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd clarified that the Council was discussing the items being
referred to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Burt requested the Council review the response carefully to
ensure it could support the referrals and language modifications.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Item b included a review of the
process for identifying surplus property.

Ms. Stump understood the Ad Hoc Committee intended that referral to
encompass all items the Policy and Services Committee felt were appropriate
to discuss in terms of updating Policy and Procedure 1-48.

Council Member Burt added that the referral included but was not limited to
the delineated items.

Council Member Holman noted the Motion did not contain a referral of the
procedures under which the City Manager could lease City-owned land.

Ms. Stump reported the Council could add that as a referral to the Policy and
Services Committee. Policy and Procedure 1-11 was mentioned by the
Grand Jury.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add that Policy and Services Committee also
review Policy and Procedure 1-11/ASD- Leased Use of City Land/Facilities.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Policy and Services Committee
would determine the method for presenting an inventory of lands donated to
the City to the Council.

Council Member Schmid answered yes.

Council Member Scharff felt the Council should make a conscious decision to
move into a Closed Session.       He suggested the Policy and Services
Committee discuss whether the Council should take a vote to move into a
Closed Session prior to doing so.

Council Member Schmid asked if Council Member Scharff's intent was for the
Council to vote prior to going into Closed Session regarding real property
discussions.

Council Member Scharff wanted the Council to vote prior to going into any
Closed Session, regardless of the topic for discussion. A Closed Session was
not always necessary.

                                                                       Page 10 of 21
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 09/15/14
