Sessions for Wednesdays and not preparing Minutes; and notifying Staff of
questions to be asked at Council meetings.

Council Member Price proposed having one Wednesday each month as a
placeholder for potential Council meetings and proceeding with a meeting
when six Council Members were present. She suggested the Wednesday
meetings be evaluated after three or four months.

Council Member Holman recommended Council Members address individual
topics and suggest other ideas.

Mayor Shepherd concurred.     Some topics could require additional thought
and discussion.

Council Member Holman reported Council Members could have three
meetings in one week if the Council added meetings on Wednesdays. She
did not subscribe to a five-minute time limit for Council Member comments
as some Council Members had specific expertise relevant to discussion. She
suggested Staff provide on the City website a listing of opportunities for the
public to engage with the Council and/or Boards and Commissions on
specific topics. Perhaps members of the public could subscribe to email
notifications regarding topics of interest.

Council Member Schmid could agree to limiting Council comments to one
round if all Council Members knew the rules.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the one-round limitation was included in the
Council’s Policies and Procedures.

Council Member Schmid suggested the Council review the policy after three
or four months and hold an informal discussion. He would agree with
limiting comments to five-minutes in length. He inquired whether a Staff
response would be counted against a Council Member's five-minutes.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the Council preferred to allow Staff to respond to
public and Council comments at the conclusion of Council comments.

Council Member Schmid would be happy to begin meetings prior to 6:00
P.M. The Council should not conduct business after midnight.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Council could not open discussion of an item after
10:30 P.M. under the current Council’s Policies and Procedures.


                                                                        Page 19 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/01/14
