                              MINUTES
goals of any PC. She concurred with many Council Member comments. She
supported having an economic analysis.          A template for necessary
information would be helpful for the developer. With respect to enforcement
and monitoring, additional funding would be needed to support increased
monitoring. A menu of possible public benefits would be helpful, but it
should be flexible. She favored precise plans and specific plans. She did not
favor designating them in the Comprehensive Plan at the current time.
Infrastructure needs, human needs assessments, and community needs
assessments could inform a definition of public benefits. She did favor
including a monetary payment as a public benefit but only in specific
situations. She questioned whether a nexus relating to benefits occurring on
the parcel or off the parcel could be defined and detailed in the PC
Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman reported the P&TC discussed the issue. Monetizing public
benefits raised the issue of nexus. In drafting the Ordinance, Staff could
include the concept in the list of potential public benefits or the definition of
public benefits.

Council Member Price advised that monitoring reports could replicate
mitigation monitoring reports. As a tool, PC Zones were critical for economic
development.

Council Member Scharff defined a PC as the City providing specific zoning in
exchange for a particular group of public benefits. The question was the
definition of public benefits. Existing PCs provided few public benefits that
the community wanted, aside from affordable housing. The community liked
the soccer fields on Page Mill Road; however, they were provided through a
development agreement. The concept of a standalone affordable housing
project without PC Zoning seemed to be nonexistent. The new Density
Bonus Law seemed to indicate PC Zoning was not needed to provide
affordable housing. He questioned the need for a PC process when specific
plans worked well and were community based. He did not see the benefits
of or the need for the PC process. A specific plan process would be better
than a PC process. The PC process gave the impression of selling zoning,
which the community did not support. The current PC process should be
eliminated, and a new process developed that accomplished goals set with
community input.

Mayor Shepherd did not feel the proposals were sufficiently simple. The list
of PC projects did not reflect community desires for those projects or the
efforts involved in negotiating benefits. The application left in the pipeline
when the PC moratorium was adopted offered a right-turn lane onto El


                                                                          Page 11 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/06/14
