Emily Renzel supported the four-component OFP, but objected strongly to
the substance and timing of the second report with alternative
recommendations. The OFP identified no single process for all three organic
streams. A yard trimmings facility would obliterate all existing landscaping
in the habitat corridor. The Council should issue a separate RFP for a yard
trimmings facility.

Mike Ferreira, Sierra Club, questioned whether the community should study
the Staff Report as amended in order to provide comments. He requested
more than 48-72 hours' notice regarding changes to the Staff Report. He
appreciated the Motion to delay discussion of the item.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, supported the four-
component OFP despite the fact that it would potentially sacrifice the 3.8-
acre wildlife corridor. She expected the Audubon Society to oppose the
alternative recommendations once it had an opportunity to review them.

Michael Muller, BIOGAS Equity 2, indicated much newer technologies would
perform better than the Cambi process. Mixing food waste with sewer
sludge provided slightly more energy. Separating the two would provide
even more energy.

Karen Sundback liked the original Staff Report and the memorandum even
more. Most residents believed the incinerator was a high priority, and it
should be separate. Dedication of Byxbee Park appeared to be delayed to
2022 in the Staff Report; however, the memorandum seemed to indicate
dedication would occur sooner.

Penny Barrett remarked that the memorandum corrected two major flaws in
the first Staff recommendation. First, waste would remain in Palo Alto rather
than being trucked elsewhere. Second, the memorandum provided a much
more reasonable timeline.     She hoped the Council would support the
alternative Staff recommendation for the energy compost project.

Karen Harwell understood less than half of the Measure E site would be
required for composting of yard trimmings and food scraps and a biosolids
facility. She pleaded for the community to work together to make the park
and composting occur.

Bret Anderson supported the latest Staff recommendations.        He had no
issues with those recommendations except for timing.




04/29/2014                                                           114- 526
