4.    Proclamation - Animal Services Founders Day.

Council Member Klein read the Proclamation into the record.

Bill Warrior, Palo Alto Animal Control Officer, remarked that the first Council
120 years previously created the Office of the Pound Master and shelter.
The shelter wished to continue serving the community for the next 120
years.

Council Member Holman thanked Mr. Warrior for his extended service to the
community.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the City's Aquatics Program would
begin its recreational swim season on May 10, 2014. City Staff was
celebrating Building Safety Month with a number of events scheduled
throughout May 2014. A celebration of youth creativity was ongoing at the
Palo Alto Art Center. The Fiscal Year 2014-2024 General Fund Long Range
Financial Forecast was available through an at-places memorandum. Fire
Chief Eric Nickel participated in a panel discussion at the Tactical Fire
Remote Sensing Advisory Committee meeting. Because of a full Agenda
planned for the Council meeting on May 5, 2014, presentation of the Fiscal
Year 2015 Proposed Budget was continued to the Finance Committee
meeting on May 6, 2014. Staff proposed beginning the May 5, 2014 Council
meeting at 5:00 P.M.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Roger Smith requested the Council place on the November ballot a Charter
Amendment to reduce the size of the Council from nine to seven. Putting
the change on the ballot would save time, effort, and money.

Lois Salo hoped the Council would rescind the ban on sleeping in cars. That
was an immoral decision and contrary to the Constitution. The Council
should use increased tax revenues to build shelters and low-income housing
in Palo Alto.

Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan recalled a few Council Members attended a
presentation about a Santa Barbara parking program for vehicle dwellers.
The program was effective and long-running. She suggested the Council
review the Santa Barbara program as a means of caring for vehicle dwellers.



04/29/2014                                                             114- 518
