Council Member Burt was also interested in north-south disparities and
actual differences in services. Some striking categories with statistically
significant differences were openness to diverse backgrounds; preventative
healthcare access; safety of Downtown; sense of community; place to work;
availability of religious and spiritual opportunities; and employment
opportunities within the City. Interestingly, there was no difference in
perception about the rate of the population of growth being too fast. At a
minimum, the report showed a difference in perceptions. There could be
differences also in realities. Downtown was not safer for north Palo Alto
residents than for south Palo Alto residents. Employment opportunities in
the City were not different.

Council Member Holman suggested the information could be used to poll in a
larger way, using the same or similar questions. She inquired whether the
questions had a priority.

Mr. Keene answered no.

Council Member Holman felt some of the questions would inform the
Council's discussion of the Comprehensive Plan and Planned Communities
(PC). The questions seemed to have identified some dissatisfaction in the
areas of land use and quality of design. The percentages related to civic
engagement questions changed only slightly. With all of Staff's outreach
and community engagement efforts, civic engagement percentages
remained very low.

Council Member Scharff noted almost 90 percent of respondents
recommended living in Palo Alto. A large percentage of people would remain
in Palo Alto for the next five years. 84 percent of respondents indicated the
government of Palo Alto was doing a good job. That was striking in
comparison to the ratings for Federal, State and Santa Clara County
governments. 92 percent of respondents rated Palo Alto as an excellent
place to live, while 7 percent rated Palo Alto as a poor place to live. That
difference was striking when considering the north-south divide. The rating
of Palo Alto as a place to retire was interesting and could be reviewed at
some future time. The overall quality of life in Palo Alto was rated excellent
or good by 91 percent of respondents across both the north and south.
Traffic signal timing was an issue for many respondents. There seemed to
be an issue with quality of design; respondents did not perceive new
development as having a good quality of design. He inquired whether the
Council could obtain granular information for some issues.

Mr. Keene indicated any poll was designed to test perceptions. Surveys and
reports could point towards issues; however, the Council should be careful
about drawing conclusions.     Ratings for the amount of public parking
                                                                         Page 4 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/17/14
