Council Member Price was concerned about flexibility. She inquired whether
the Council in conjunction with Staff could move elements from one stage of
the Plan to another.

Ms. Ratchye viewed the stages as lists of measures that could be taken. The
measures contained in Stage 1 were designed to produce a 5-10 percent
reduction in water usage. Staff would monitor water use and add measures
in order to achieve conservation goals.

Council Member Price was concerned that the City had a false sense of well
being, and questioned whether Staff's measures were sufficiently
aggressive.

Council Member Klein noted the City was not very good at conserving water.
He inquired about the City's ranking compared to surrounding cities.

Ms. Ratchye agreed that the City's ranking in terms of per capita water use
was low.      Through an internal water benchmarking effort, Staff was
attempting to understand whether residents were using water more
efficiently even if using more water per capita. Weather and lot size
impacted the City's ranking.

Council Member Klein wished to publicize the program that paid a rebate to
residents who replaced their grass lawns with low water usage landscape.
Only a few residents participated in the program annually. He inquired
whether Staff knew the number of residents who participated.

Ms. Elvert did not know the exact participation number, but could follow up
with the information. The number of participants had increased over time.
Staff did promote the program heavily in the community.

Council Member Klein inquired about additional efforts to publicize that
program.

Ms. Elvert indicated Staff would continue outreach via standard media
channels, would continue to evaluate new ways to provide information, and
had developed new media materials to market programs. Staff welcomed
any suggestions.

Council Member Klein requested the amount of the rebate.

Ms. Elvert reported the rebate was currently $2 per square foot of turf grass
removed and replaced with qualifying low-water-use plants or permeable
hardscape and mulch.


                                                                        Page 5 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/03/14
