                            MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss was concerned because the Substitute Motion pertained to
non-represented employees only. The Council's discussion should focus on
topics that warranted a Closed Session.    She would not support the
Substitute Motion.

Ms. Stump explained that transparency issues for union and association
represented groups were both different and complex. Jurisdictions had
initiated various forms of transparency within the formal labor negotiation
process. That policy should be developed with a great deal of care and in
consultation with labor. Staff would not be prepared to discuss that in two
weeks.

Vice Mayor Kniss was disturbed by the direction of the Substitute Motion.
Any discussion of transparency for labor negotiations would be long and
complicated.

Council Member Burt understood the Council would address whether to hold
a discussion of management compensation in an Open or Closed Session.
He was interested in reviewing non-represented employees and
circumstances under which the Council should hold Open and Closed
Sessions. At an upcoming meeting, the Council could refer additional items
to the Policy and Services Committee for a deeper discussion.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the issue would not be a part of the Policy
and Services Committee's broad discussion of Closed Sessions.

Ms. Stump clarified that the item referred to the Policy and Services
Committee focused on real property Closed Sessions.

Mayor Shepherd reiterated that the Policy and Services Committee would
not discuss bargaining groups.

Ms. Stump indicated that decision had not been made at that point.

Mayor Shepherd commented that on October 6, 2014 the Council would
discuss whether to hold a discussion of compensation for non-represented
groups in public or Closed Sessions. The City Clerk would also notice the
item for a Closed Session should the Council wish to move into a Closed
Session on the topic.

Ms. Stump advised that the policy discussion would be held on October 6.
From the policy discussion, the Council would schedule a Closed Session, an
Open Session or both on the substantive item perhaps as early as the next
meeting.
                                                                       Page 6 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/22/14
