                             MINUTES
The property was beautiful. He had no doubt the public would support
dedicating the property as parkland and opening it to public access as
quickly as possible.

Council Member Klein supported parkland dedication. The deed restriction
limiting use to conservation and recreation did not expire and would apply to
any owner of the property. Dedication added another layer of protection for
the property. The Motion appeared to be inconsistent with the Parks, Trails,
Open Space and Recreation Master Plan (Master Plan) process. The property
should be included in the Master Plan process.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to delete item numbers 3 and 4 in the Motion and add to the end of item
number 2, “and estimated costs of such uses”.

Council Member Klein felt the Council should move deliberately in order to
determine the City's needs. He expressed concern that the public might not
be interested in additional parkland, as the usage of Foothill Park had been
declining for a long period of time. The issue needed additional study before
the City spent funds to develop the land.

Vice Mayor Kniss visited the property earlier in the day. In order to access
the property, one had to pass a maintenance yard, cross property leased to
Acterra, and then cross barren land. The property should be incorporated
into the Master Plan process.         She presumed the parking lot and
maintenance yard would need to be moved in order to extend the meadow.
If the Amendment was not adopted, she hoped the Council would reconsider
evaluating the property in terms of the Master Plan process.

Council Member Burt did not believe the Amendment provided guidance to
move the issue forward. Recommendation Number 3 did not prescribe an
action or an outcome. Recommendation Number 2 could include potential
costs.    Recommendation Number 4 requested the establishment of a
timeline. He would not support the Amendment. The property was located
along a valuable riparian corridor and presented an opportunity to restore a
rich, natural habitat. Acterra would embrace the opportunity to participate
in restoration of the natural area.

Council Member Price concurred with Council Member Klein and Vice Mayor
Kniss' comments. The Amendment did not diminish the importance of
property.

Council Member Berman inquired whether Recommendation Number 3 would
be part of the Master Plan process or a separate process.

                                                                       Page 22 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 3/24/2014
