not received. To obtain an understanding of community values, Staff
needed to reach all citizens.

Council Member Burt felt Staff needed to figure out more effective ways to
reach newer residents. From his observation of the room, no one from the
Asian community was present at the Retreat. Inclusion of all residents
would be a challenge. Responses had a diversity of perspective but with
some unifying themes. He was impressed with the thoughtfulness and
civility of comments, unlike comments posted to paloaltoonline.com.
Building the forum was proceeding in the right direction; however, analysis
of comments could be a problem. In 2013, the Council committed to setting
Core Values; however, the process for determining Core Values was
ongoing. The Council's prior discussion of Core Values was not provided as a
reference point for community input. Offering a reference point would
facilitate a deeper discussion.

Council Member Holman felt responses were not received from low-income
residents, young parents, and environmental communities. She suggested
Staff utilize neighborhood associations, environmental organizations, and
public safety networks in an effort to reach the entire community. When the
Council discussed Core Values, it decided not to define Core Values for
community discussion, which she felt was unwise. In 2013, the Council
considered Healthy City Healthy Community as a potential Core Value; yet,
that was not included in any of the discussions. She inquired whether the
videos would continue and whether the National Citizen Survey would be
included in information given to the Council.

Council Member Schmid felt the Council should recognize the messages it
received quite clearly from the community. Four areas of the National
Citizen Survey with historically low scores were traffic impact, lack of
parking, land use policies, and quality of new developments. Scores for
those four areas decreased dramatically in the prior 12 months. The
National Citizen Survey should provide a clear message to the Council in
addressing Priorities.

Council Member Scharff suggested Staff utilize networks for sports teams in
order to include young families in outreach. A second round of outreach
could allow the public to react to a menu of Core Values. Staff should
provide a timeline for outreach and Council discussion.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed Core Values were evident. Core Values were
quality of life, environmental sustainability, and some variation of traffic.
The Council's struggle was in determining how to state those Core Values.

                                                                        Page 3 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/01/14
