                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman learned that the community was hungry for information and
data prior to making decisions. Analysis in the context of an EIR would
generate information regarding a range of ideas that would allow informed
input and participation early in 2015. That input would directly inform the
Comprehensive Plan Update. The community would have more information
about potential impacts and benefits and could compare concepts. People
could engage in a completely different way.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff could include additional scenarios in
the discussion after analysis began.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the process could be modified and adapted once it
began; however, at a certain point, it would be difficult to add a radical new
idea. Staff suggested a range of scenarios in an attempt to bracket
potential outcomes. Scenario 4 was the high end and Scenario 2 the low
end of the spectrum. In Scenario 4, Staff would test a scenario of growth
consistent with regional growth projections while managing growth through
a performance-based system.        Hopefully any radical changes during the
process would fall within the range.

Council Member Scharff felt Scenario 4 had many problems. There were
many potential obstacles to implementing it. Scenario 4 felt like the Planned
Community (PC) process. Scenario 4 did not provide predictable outcomes
or allow the community to expect outcomes. An amorphous scenario would
erode the community's trust. He inquired whether Scenario 4 would have
the negative aspects of a PC Zone.

Mr. Keene advised that the intent of Scenario 4 made it very different from
the PC process. Criteria would be very clear as to performance standards
and zero impact requirements that must be met for a development project
to proceed. The rules would be very clear. He personally believed Scenario
4 would be restrictive for the most part. Staff would also include sufficient
no-impact measures. Staff and some meeting participants felt there needed
to be a growth scenario. A better case for a no-growth scenario could be
made through reviewing a growth scenario. Staff also felt they should
consider mitigation of potential growth by including performance standards
aligned with Palo Alto's values. The intention was to have a growth scenario
that allowed the City to have clear control of impacts.

Ms. Gitelman hoped to obtain Council comments and direction to proceed
with some of the EIR analysis. Staff recognized that they would need to
return to the Council regarding two issues. One was a discussion of
performance measures for Scenario 4. The other was an annual growth limit
for Scenarios 2 and 3.

                                                                         Page 4 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
