                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman felt other pressing situations exacerbated current
conditions. She inquired whether Staff would support the Council making
changes in the interim.

Ms. Gitelman advised that prioritization and resources determined whether
Staff could support interim changes.

Council Member Schmid noted the detailed schedule provided in May 2014
indicated three Council dates, August 4, 2014, March 18, 2015, and
November 16, 2015. The schedule was woefully short on Council interaction
if ultimately the Council was responsible for approving the Comprehensive
Plan. He assumed that by the end of the meeting on August 6, 2014, the
Council would determine whether the timing was appropriate to give the
Council responsibility for product.

Ms. Gitelman referred to Packet Page 679. It was critical for Staff to obtain
Council approval and direction at every step. Staff outlined all the issues
and input they expected from the Council throughout the process. Council
input could require multiple meetings on different dates than those proposed
in March 2014.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council would discuss the issue in the
current discussion or on August 6, 2014.

Mr. Keene indicated the May report was designed to illustrate the key
milestones in the EIR component of the process. He expected many
opportunities for direct engagement. The Council could identify and make
specific requests about those events and the timeline.

Council Member Price remarked that the Council should proceed rather than
debate the details of the process. However, the Council needed more
information and community input.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed the Council should definitively state it was working
with the existing Comprehensive Plan. The existing Comprehensive Plan was
very detailed and precise and was the starting point for the Update. Final
decisions would not be made in the current discussions.

Public Hearing opened at 9:08 P.M.

Beth Bunnenberg, speaking as an individual, indicated Concept Number 2,
slow non-residential growth and modest housing growth, most closely
aligned with her vision for Palo Alto. In terms of cultural resources, she
recommended retaining the existing historic preservation measures. She
called for a CEQA evaluation of the Veterans Building. Moving the Veterans
Building could have significant adverse environmental impacts that could not
                                                                        Page 16 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/04/14
