The City should charge a fee per employee for transportation.           Parking
should be underground.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff talked with the Farmers Market Manager
regarding Lot G and assured him Staff would discuss alternative sites for the
market if the Council chose to proceed with review of a parking structure on
Lot G.    Staff received comments regarding safety at satellite parking
locations. Staff was open to comments regarding technology and paid
parking. Staff concurred with comments regarding better use of existing
garage capacity. Implementation of neighborhood parking restrictions would
increase garage capacity. Parking was not a new issue, but dated to 1988
as data demonstrated.

Mr. Keene believed the Council would want to discuss some options in more
detail than others and would have suggestions. Staff's recommendations
were predicate actions to subsequent decisions. Discussions and actions
related to RPP Programs, garages and TDM had to occur in parallel. Data
presented in Attachment D was lower than data from other sources. He
discussed with Staff real-time assessment rather than periodic surveys in
order to make adjustments to the number of parking permits.

Mayor Shepherd noted the possibility of Council Member conflicts of interest,
and inquired whether conflicts should be stated at the current time.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported three Council Members had conflicts of
interest regarding components of the total package. Council Member Scharff
and Mayor Shepherd should recuse themselves regarding Lot CW. Council
Member Klein should recuse himself regarding the Urban Lane proposal.
Staff segregated those two items to allow the full Council to discuss
remaining items. She cautioned Council Members not to discuss those two
items in the general discussion.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that she could discuss Lot CC but not Lot CW, even
though the recommendation concerned both lots.

Ms. Stump concurred.

Mayor Shepherd indicated Council Members could not discuss the Urban
Lane or Lot CW recommendations until she, Council Member Scharff, and
Council Member Klein left the room.

Council Member Scharff inquired about Staff's reasons for choosing Lot G for
a parking structure.


                                                                       Page 17 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
