                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd noted Council Members had not mentioned any action on
the item. The Council had been aware of the Project for several years.
During the economic downturn, bids were submitted under budget.

Council Member Scharff observed three members of the public remained for
discussion of the item; although, it was a contentious topic during the
campaign. He did not recall receiving a single email on the topic for the
meeting.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Council received one email requesting the
item be discussed earlier in the meeting.

Council Member Scharff felt the City needed to invest in City Hall. City Hall
had other maintenance needs as well. He inquired about work needed on
the plaza.

Mr. Eggleston reported the Civic Center Plaza deck was identified as needing
work on the waterproofing. One cost estimate totaled $16 million for the
project.

Mr. Keene agreed that the Project concerned improvement to the space and
remediation of bad design. The issue seemed to be the cost increase. Staff
identified funds that were not easily fungible to pay for the cost increase.
Staff would return to the Council for approval of contracts for the public art
and wayfinding. Staff could place those contracts on the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Klein explained that City Hall was designed in an era when
public protests and demonstrations were common; therefore, the building
was designed not to welcome the public.

14.   Policy Discussion on Whether to Conduct a Closed Session Prior to an
      Open Session to Discuss the 2014-2015 Management & Professional
      Compensation Plan; Possible Referral to Policy & Services Regarding
      Closed/Open Session Practice for Compensation Matters.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Management and Professional
Compensation Plan (Plan) was the pay plan for 200 Management and
Professional Staff, excluding four Council Appointed Officers (CAO).
Management and Professional Staff did not have an approved Plan for the
current fiscal year. The Council requested he postpone his compensation
recommendations during Budget hearings, because of pending negotiations
with the Service Employees International Union (SEIU). Depending on
Council action in the current discussion, Staff would return to the Council for
action regarding the Plan.


11/17/2014                                                             116- 132
