                     FINAL MINUTES
commitment it made when it increased the density on those sites to 20 units
per acre.

Council Member Price felt the concepts of a Grand Boulevard were viable.
The implementation of a Grand Boulevard depended on political decisions,
the Comprehensive Plan and land-use decisions made by each individual city
along the corridor. The vitality of economic development and economic
activity on El Camino Real required a variety of uses including higher
residential densities and office. She favored more study and aligned herself
with the PTC. She liked many of the core elements of the draft Ordinance.
She looked forward to a time when people wanted to utilize El Camino Real.
The flexibility outlined in the Ordinance was good. She expressed concern
regarding the amount of time needed to reach a final product. Council
action on the draft Ordinance was premature at the current time. Eventually
consolidation of smaller lots along El Camino Real would be logical. She
supported Council Member Burt's comments to separate FAR and to hold a
focused discussion. The Council wanted to make El Camino Real safe and
attractive for everyone, to constantly promote economic vitality, and to
support property owners and businesses.

Council Member Schmid reported 43 percent of housing units over the next
eight years would be located on South El Camino Real according to the
Housing Element. In reviewing the PTC and ARB Minutes, he was shaken by
the comments regarding the sidewalk issue and the build-to-line issue. The
guidelines for El Camino Real were different from the reality of El Camino
Real. He questioned whether additional study would overlook the livable
neighborhood.       The ARB indicated each property needed discretion;
although, guidelines were important. Perhaps Staff should review South El
Camino Real Design Guidelines and return to the Council with suggestions
for livable guidelines.

Council Member Berman struggled with the Grand Boulevard concept. The
concept was a long-term aspiration. Because the City would grow in the
next 20 years, the Council should plan ahead and set in place regulations
needed to encourage additional walkable retail and shopping areas in Palo
Alto. Driverless cars would be a reality in the next 15-20 years and would
change traffic and parking. Conversations regarding Grand Boulevards
should be held in the context of change. Zoning changes should be planned
for 45 years into the future. Changing the build-to-line rules was logical.
Other issues belonged in the Comprehensive Plan Update conversation.
Given the technological changes that would occur in the next 15 years, El
Camino Real was ripe for improvement.


                                                                         Page 17 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
