Stephanie Munoz suggested the Council consider a free shuttle system with
parking on the outskirts of Palo Alto. The Council should also consider a for-
profit parking garage.

Sylvia Gutierrez could not utilize public transportation from her home to her
job in Palo Alto. She often got off work during the nighttime and did not
have coworkers to walk with her to her vehicle.

Elaine Uang supported an RPP approach to parking. The discussion should
be holistic and include approaches of TDM and parking supply.

Charlene Gibson believed other options should be considered prior to
consideration of an RPP Program to keep the focus on all Palo Alto
constituents.

Galen Fletcher, Sundance Steakhouse, reported that a lack of parking would
be detrimental to his business and employees. The City needed realistic
alternatives for parking. No parking, no employees, no business, and no
sales taxes.

Richard Brand indicated most cars parked in neighborhoods did not belong to
hourly workers. He suggested retail and medical businesses work with their
employees to form car pools as most vehicles were driven by one person.
Safety issues applied to residents as well as employees. He supported an
RPP Program and sharing neighborhood parking with employees.

Vanessa Avila, The Village Cobbler, felt there would be no parking for
customers if employees occupied street spaces. A shuttle system to a
parking lot in the Baylands area would require excessive travel time.

The Council took a break at 9:24 P.M. and returned at 9:36 P.M.

Ms. Gitelman explained parking restrictions in neighborhoods would apply
during the daytime such that safety would not be a concern. The proposed
RPP framework was not a fait accompli. Staff requested Council direction to
prepare a draft Ordinance and to convene a group of stakeholders. Staff
wanted to engage stakeholders in a discussion of prerequisites and a
schedule of implementation.

James Keene, City Manager, appreciated the balanced discussion. Topics for
Council discussion were multifaceted with advantages, disadvantages and
consequences.    Staff drafted a framework that allowed the Council to
proceed. Delaying action on an RPP Program would delay action regarding
TDM and Comprehensive Plan issues. Staff presented a simple method for
the Council to consider issues that could inform the Ordinance. A draft
Ordinance would provide a larger framework with a subsequent specific
                                                                        Page 11 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/27/2014
