                            MINUTES
Council Member Klein explained that the Substitute Motion simply added
language to the Motion.

Mayor Shepherd agreed with        treating   the   Substitute   Motion   as   an
Amendment to the Motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED AS AMENDMENT: Council Member
Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Burt that the City Council
approves the grocery tenant with the following conditions of approval, which
shall be included in a voluntary agreement to be executed by the City
Manager and the property owner before issuance of any grading, excavation
or building permit, including:

   5. The Owner/Applicant shall modify its contractual arrangements so as
      to lease the grocery tenant space directly with an experienced grocery
      store owner/operator team;

   6. The operator shall be subject to approval by the City Council prior to
      issuance of an occupancy permit;

   7. Daily penalties of $2,000 in the event the approved market goes out of
      business and is not replaced with another experienced grocery
      operator within six months; and

   8. Direct Staff to return on December 8, 2014 on the Consent Calendar
      with notice of an extension to the PC ordinance until March 31, 2015.

   9. That the Council finds that the current proposal does not meet the
      findings required by the PC Ordinance because it does not provide
      long-term grocery business viability.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Klein, Schmid no

Mayor Shepherd announced Agenda Item Numbers 13 and 14 were
continued to December 2, 2014; however, the Council would hear public
comment.

Mr. Keene inquired about the number of speakers for both Items.

Mayor Shepherd responded 15 speakers for Agenda Item Number 13. She
did not plan on taking public comment regarding Agenda Item Number 14 as
some Council Members needed to recuse themselves.

Mr. Keene asked if the Council wished to move to the Closed Session
following public comment.

Mayor Shepherd answered yes. Public speakers could not address Agenda
Item Number 13 in both the current and following Council meetings.

12/01/2014                                                               116- 162
