                              MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to continue Agenda Item Number 20: PUBLIC HEARING: TEFRA
Hearing Regarding Conduit Financing for the Stanford Affordable Apartments
Project Located at 2450, 2470 AND 2500 El Camino Real Palo Alto, and
Approving the Issuance of Revenue Bonds by the California Municipal
Finance Authority for the Purpose of Financing the Acquisition, Construction
and Development of a Multifamily Rental Housing Facility (Staff requests this
item be continued to a date uncertain) to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported later in April the San Francisco Public
Utilities Commission (SFPUC) would update water reduction requirements.
The City launched several new water conservation initiatives. The Santa
Clara Valley Water District awarded a $100,000 grant to Palo Alto to develop
two new water programs. The Art Center would present the free Spring
Family Day on April 13, 2014.        Development Services partnered with
TextaZine to pilot a new text-based communication tool for construction
projects. The Office of Emergency Services posted new public education and
training opportunities to the City's website. On March 24-25, 2014, Fire
Chief Nickel represented the City in a national project development
conference. Because of the above-normal potential for wildfires, fire crews
were training for an early start to the fire season. County Fire Chiefs and
overhead support team were planning for the annual county-wide wildland
drill in June 2014.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Noah Galper suggested renovation of the grassy area in Rinconada Park
include ping pong tables. Ping pong tables were available at the Mitchell
Park Teen Center, but only during hours the center was open. He estimated
the total cost for three ping pong tables and concrete pads would be
$50,000.

Wynn Grcich invited the public to attend a meeting regarding chem trails
scheduled for August 16, 2014. Chemicals were destroying forests and
plants. Videos were available for viewing on YouTube.

David Mackenzie, Chamber of Commerce CEO, thanked the Council for its
support and presented the City with its membership certificate.  The
Chamber reinstituted the Leadership Program in 2012 with the City's
assistance. He announced recipients of Tall Tree Awards.

Marcus wished to understand the definition of cigarette as defined by a

                                   3                              April 7, 2014
