Ms. Stump noted potentially four Council Members and several key Staff
members had conflicts. Council Member Klein could accomplish his intent by
deferring to Staff. Alternatively, Staff could bring the item back in a narrow
way.

Council Member Scharff suggested the Planning Director make the initial
decision regarding two neighborhoods.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff in general was a better description than Planning
Director.

Council Member Klein suggested "Staff may exclude a neighborhood from
the requirements of that section if the City Manager finds sufficient work has
already been completed prior to the enactment of the Ordinance."

Ms. Gitelman felt the Stakeholder Group would work through such issues.

Council Member Klein requested the City Attorney's opinion regarding his
suggested language.

Mr. Keene suggested "direct Staff to be flexible in the determination of
meeting the threshold test when working thru the implementation phase
with any initial District."

Council Member Klein accepted Mr. Keene's language.

Council Member Scharff concurred.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct Staff to be flexible in the determination of
meeting the threshold test when working thru the implementation phase
with any initial District.

Council Member Klein noted the fifth item of the Motion was for Staff not feel
constrained by the idea of the program being cost neutral.

Council Member Scharff wished to ensure that an RPP Program would
proceed in a specific timeframe. The stakeholder group and Staff should
provide a menu of parking options for businesses.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to direct Staff to develop a plan with Stakeholder
Groups/owners to minimize disruption when the RPP is implemented.

Council Member Klein felt Staff should return with programs that would
clearly state the RPP Program(s) would proceed in an expedited manner.
                                                                        Page 17 of 19
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/27/2014
