                             MINUTES
23, regarding the League of Cities voting delegate, be advanced to the first
Action Item.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to move Agenda Item Number 23 forward, to be heard prior to Agenda
Item Number 19.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Mayor Shepherd requested Oral Communications be heard after the Consent
Calendar.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to move Oral Communications forward, to be heard after the Consent Items.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reiterated that the Council's action to remove
Agenda Item Number 12 from the Consent Calendar removed the item from
the Agenda in total.       He noted renovations to the lobby and Council
Chambers. The Urban Libraries Council awarded the Palo Alto City Library's
makeX: Teen Mobile Makerspace Project an Honorable Mention in the
category of Leading Learning. The Twilight Concert Series continued every
Saturday evening at 7:00 P.M. at Mitchell Park. The City was accepting
applications for the Palo Alto Youth Council through Friday, August 22, 2014.
The Fire Department was supporting the effort to fight multiple wildland fires
in northern California.      The Mitchell Park Library Project received a
temporary certificate of occupancy the previous Friday, and Staff would
begin stocking the facility. Staff was planning for a September 27, 2014 soft
opening of the Mitchell Park Library and expected the new Library and
Community Center to open to the public in November 2014.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve the minutes of May 12 and May 19, 2014, June 2, 4, and June 9,
2014.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Mayor Shepherd announced that Agenda Item Number 12 was removed
from the Agenda as the parties had reached an agreement. The appellant
submitted a withdrawal of the appeal on Sunday, August 3, 2014, indicating
                                                                         Page 2 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/04/14
