Council Member Holman wanted to see a more aggressive residential
composting program.

Council Member Berman requested Staff provide a thorough analysis and
explanation of advantages and disadvantages of proposals from We
Generation and Harvest Power. In addition, he wished to have the next
Staff report ten days prior to the Council meeting, if possible, for proposers
to submit their opinions of the Staff recommendation and for Council
Members to ask questions.

Council Member Scharff referenced We Generation's letter regarding a
different dewatering process for the thermal hydrolysis process.     He
requested Staff address the differences in dewatering processes and the
possibility of building the dewatering plant incorrectly.

Dave Green, CH2MHill, stated a dewatering facility could be constructed that
served current purposes and had value for implementing the thermal
hydrolysis process. Some features would need to be incorporated into the
dewatering facility.

Drew Whitlock, CH2MHill, agreed there were two different types of
dewatering processes required for thermal hydrolysis. A thicker type of
dewatering process was utilized for the anaerobic digestion process. A
second dewatering process was utilized afterwards. A facility compatible
with a future Cambi process could be constructed. The quantity of material
could be different, but that was also affected by the waste streams upfront.
Staff needed to understand the quantity of waste streams including food
waste in order to define and develop a facility.

Mr. Bobel concurred that pre-design work was needed to determine amounts
of feedstock and other data in order to design the dewatering facility to be
fully compatible with thermal hydrolysis.

Council Member Scharff understood the Staff report to recommend building
the dewatering and load-out truck facility without having a plan for the
entire process first.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff needed to perform some pre-design work prior to
designing the dewatering facility. Pre-design work would provide more data
on the sizing question. Staff did not need pre-design work regarding energy
pricing and financing plan.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff would have sufficient data
prior to returning to the Council for action.
                                                                         Page 6 of 37
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 2/10/14
