                            MINUTES

Ms. Gitelman indicated one fee for all Districts would make implementation
easier. However, the two existing parking programs did not charge the
same amount. Downtown residents indicated in a survey that they objected
to paying for parking permits during the trial period. Including the permit
price in a Resolution allowed flexibility. She was unsure how to include
pricing in the Ordinance.

Council Member Klein suggested the City Attorney's Office provide language.
He concurred with not charging for parking permits during a trial period. He
inquired about procedures for preparing regulations. The public should
receive adequate notice and opportunities to participate.

Ms. Silver would be happy to accept public input.         She anticipated
regulations would be presented to the Council as a draft. The public could
provide comment at a community meeting and the Council's meeting.

Council Member Klein asked if the City Attorney's Office would suggest
language.

Ms. Silver could do so.

Council Member Klein inquired whether residents would not have to follow
the process of Section 10.50.050 if the Council initiated an RPP District.

Mr. Gitelman advised that Section 10.50.040 referred to the process outlined
in Section 10.50.060(d) and (e). The neighborhood would not have to
petition, but there would be an analysis of parking occupancy and a resident
survey prior to submitting the proposed District to the P&TC for review.

Council Member Klein asked if the survey would be the same whether a
neighborhood or the Council initiated an RPP District.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes. Neighborhood residents would not have to petition
as if they were petitioning for priority.

Council Member Klein stated the definitions seemed to assume that only
employees impacted neighborhoods and requested Staff comment on
possible parking impacts from Palo Alto High School students, Stanford
University students, and commuters from outside Palo Alto.

Ms. Gitelman reported those categories would not be eligible for permits
under the terms of the Ordinance. That would be spelled out in the
Resolution.

Council Member Klein inquired whether an employee who did not work in an
RPP District would not be eligible for a non-resident permit.


12/02/2014                                                           116- 172
