Ms. Gitelman believed Staff's recommendation was a cautious first step in
the direction Council Member Scharff was heading. If the Council was
interested in considering more garages, Staff would want to have more
outreach to current permit holders and business interests.

Mr. Keene stated a broader policy statement could be worthwhile. Staff's
role was to move ahead with each constituent group as much in unison as
possible.

Council Member Scharff felt the City should have a location for cars
displaced by RPP Programs to park. He asked when satellite parking could
be available if the Council approved it.

Mr. Rodriguez remarked that the environmental assessment and design
could be completed prior to the end of the summer. Staff could request
Council approval of the design as early as the fall of 2014. After Council
approval of the design, construction improvements would be coordinated
with the Public Works Department and the street resurfacing program. In
theory, satellite parking could be implemented prior to the end of the
calendar year.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the shuttle and parking would be
free.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes.

Council Member Scharff asked if satellite parking should be implemented
concurrently with RPP Programs.

Ms. Gitelman agreed that all parking components should be coordinated.
Staff would present an expansion of shuttle service on February 24, 2014,
which would need to be implemented concurrently with satellite parking.

Council Member Scharff asked if satellite parking could be implemented in
the stated schedule for RPP Programs.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Council Member Scharff suggested Staff consider the 200-car parking lot at
the Golf Course as offsite parking while the Golf Course was closed.

Mr. Rodriguez would review that option as part of the design process.


                                                                       Page 19 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
