                            MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd asked if the discussion Council Member Holman requested
could be part of Staff's presentation of a work plan for the Comprehensive
Plan Update.

Mr. Keene recalled the prior week the Council directed Staff to provide an
update of all initiatives currently pending. The Agenda for the August 18
meeting would need to be revised to include the discussion requested by
Council Member Holman.         It was also similar to the holistic parking
discussion scheduled for September 2014. Staff's workload would not
permit them to discuss the same issues week after week.

Council Member Holman did not understand the difference between
continuing the item to August 18 and the discussion she requested. Both
would require revision of the Agenda and additional noticing.

Mayor Shepherd suggested the Council discuss the Motion and determine
support for it prior to resolving Agenda and noticing issues.

Council Member Schmid explained that satellite parking provided very small
gains in parking spaces. It impacted new neighborhoods and residents who
utilized the Baylands. It would affect parking in neighborhoods and overflow
parking throughout the Baylands. The intersection of Embarcadero Road
and Highway 101 was already one of the worst in the City. Downtown
businesses would reap the benefits while residents would pay the costs of
satellite parking.

Council Member Berman was surprised by the lack of community support for
satellite parking. He referenced an email from Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Filseth
requesting satellite parking be placed on a fast track. He inquired whether
shuttle stops would be added to the existing route.

Mr. Rodriguez proposed a minimum of two new shuttle stops to support
shuttle activities for the parking lot.

Council Member Berman asked if the proposed stops would be located east
of Highway 101 or within neighborhoods west of Highway 101.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated they would be located east of Highway 101.

Council Member Berman inquired whether additional shuttle stops would be
proposed for residential neighborhoods west of Highway 101.



                                                                      Page 14 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 08/11/14
