                              MINUTES
Mr. Friend would provide that information to the Council.

Mr. Keene remarked that Staff was obtaining a sense of the Council's
attitude regarding challenges and of the areas on which the Council wanted
Staff to concentrate. In relatively short order, Staff could return to the
Council with proposals for action. Any programs initiated in the next year
would not meet the ultimate goal.

Council Member Burt did not want a year to pass before Staff presented
proposals to the Council as a number of Council Members had been asking
for initiatives for a number of years. He inquired whether the reference to a
car-free city meant a vision of a city with no cars or a vision of a city where
people did not need cars.

Mr. Friend responded the latter, people did not need cars. He preferred
doing things in a way that made them better, more attractive, more
convenient, more economical, more fun, and more satisfying.

Council Member Burt believed there was the potential for the press and
residents to misinterpret things if they were not stated with adequate clarity.
Cost savings would be important for broad community support.

Mayor Shepherd was interested in having products come into Palo Alto that
were not heavily manufactured and not recyclable. She did not mind if Staff
considered and imported actions taken in other cities. She wanted to see a
comparison of savings with other communities.           There were many
opportunities for sustainability in Palo Alto.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

4.    Resolution 9401 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of the City
      of Palo Alto Expressing Appreciation to Eduardo Martinez for His
      Service as Planning and Transportation Commissioner.”

Council Member Schmid read the Resolution into the record.

Fred Balin indicated Mr. Martinez had intelligence, an architectural
background, a low-key and witty manner, ethics, and drive. Mr. Martinez
made presentations supported by reason and information. Mr. Martinez
made a significant contribution to the City of Palo Alto.

Arthur Keller, Planning and Transportation Commissioner, thanked Mr.
Martinez for serving on the Planning and Transportation Commission.


04/21/2014                                                              114- 480
