                              MINUTES
Nathan Perez, Vice President of David Taussig and Associates, clarified that
fees could repay debt service or fund other public safety capital facilities with
a useful life of more than five years.

Council Member Klein requested Mr. Perez assume there were no other
facilities.

Mr. N. Perez reported that the Government Code required the City to credit
fees if there were no other capital needs on which to spend the fee in five
years.

Council Member Klein asked if the City could borrow against the fee.

Mr. N. Perez replied yes.

Mr. Perez clarified that the challenge in borrowing against the fee was
predictability of the fee revenue for a credit rating.

Council Member Klein believed the City would have to identify other public
safety capital needs in order to utilize the fee. The fee would not have an
impact on the Public Safety Building if it was constructed in the next year or
two.

Mr. Perez commented that only 15 percent of the cost could be allocated to a
development impact fee. Variables of cost and time would require Staff to
revisit the whole process.

Council Member Klein calculated the fee could contribute $7.5 million
towards the $50 million cost of a Public Safety Building.

Nancy Nagel, Senior Management Analyst agreed that $7.5 million would be
the maximum amount projected from collection of the fee over 20 years.

Mr. N. Perez suggested the amount would be $8 million, because collection
was a product of the pace of development in Palo Alto. If the Public Safety
Building was constructed at a lower cost than estimated, then the nexus
study would be incorrect. He vetted the cost of the needs list with Staff who
typically provided conservative cost amounts.

Council Member Schmid was interested in equivalent dwelling units. Table
19 indicated the amount was split roughly 50/50, because non-residential
uses were growing twice as fast as residential uses. Therefore, non-
residential uses were in essence paying half the amount of residential. The
Fire Study and Police Blotter seemed to imply that public safety was
spending roughly half their time on the daytime population.


11/03/2014                                                                116- 56
