                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked if Staff assumed the need for grade separations
was driven by the pace of growth in Palo Alto.

Ms. Gitelman replied no. The Council would be able to mix and match
scenarios to illuminate policy choices. The Council would not choose one
scenario over another.

Council Member Burt noted a growing community concern about enormous
residential rent increases. He inquired whether participants at Our Palo Alto
events wanted more discussion of initiatives for renter rights.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff held a couple of workshops on housing
affordability where similar ideas were raised.    Comprehensive Plan
workshops focused primarily on the location and amount of housing and
types of units.

Council Member Burt was interested in including residential rental rates
within community discussions without a predetermined outcome.          He
requested Colleagues comment on inquiring with the Leadership Group
whether a Council liaison would be beneficial. The Council was responsible
for success of the outreach program, but had no participation in the
outreach program.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled a Council Member was assigned to the community
group in the prior Comprehensive Plan Update. She was disappointed by the
lack of public attendance for the discussion. Obtaining and retaining retail
was an issue for most cities. She asked Staff to comment on methods to
retain areas for local-serving retail uses.

Ms. Gitelman reported local-serving retail required further definition or
discussion. She wished to confirm the Council's intent was not to change
some retail requirements in marginal areas and whether any policy changes
were necessary to achieve that goal.

Vice Mayor Kniss commented that some retail stores were very popular in
areas similar to California Avenue. The Council should discuss formula retail.
She supported the variety of restaurants located Downtown. There did not
appear to be a large number of chain restaurants in Downtown. She
inquired about Staff's interpretation of amortizing non-retail uses in
Downtown with ground-floor retail protections.

Ms. Gitelman reported amortizing non-retail uses would require a great deal
of effort; therefore, she would need more definition from the Council before
pursuing that.


11/03/2014                                                             116- 44
