             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
6.    Update the existing timeline and schedule in December, 2014 for all
      Components of the OFP including next steps for the development of
      Component Four, Processing of Yard Trimmings, where Staff will seek
      to identify and pursue technologies to harness the energy and
      resource potential of yard trimmings that could be located on the
      relatively flat 3.8-acre portion of the Measure E site or elsewhere.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Holman, Schmid yes

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

9.    Discussion and Council Direction Regarding Potential November 2014
      Charter Amendments Related to Council Seats, Including Term Limits,
      Beginning/End of Council Terms and Annual Reorganization Meeting,
      and Other Matters.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
refer this back to Policy and Services Committee, to consider and recommend
any or all of the items listed in the staff report.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to eliminate the discussion of election by district and directly
elected Mayor.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-1 Klein no

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
move Agenda Item 12 forward to be heard at this time.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

12.   Adoption of a Resolution Supporting Proposition 13 Reform.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid to
adopt the Resolution providing preliminary support for the Prop 13 reform as
it relates to commercial properties; this does not constitute formal support
of any particular ballot measure on this issue or related subject, until such a
ballot measure is separately reviewed and endorsed by Council.

                                                                               Page 5 of 7
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 05/12/14
