            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Council Member Holman requested the City Attorney comment.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, believed the general rule was that a neighbor
had leeway to select fencing if the fence was on the neighbor's property.
She did not know if the City had any specific rules to direct the neighbor's
choices.

Council Member Holman encouraged Staff to work with the neighbors to
design fences appropriate for open space.

Council Member Scharff was pleased to dedicate another 7.7 acres as
parkland. He asked when the property could be open to the public.

Mr. Betts advised that Acterra would have to construct a safety fence around
the nursery to prevent deer entry into the nursery. A second factor was
PARC's recommendations for uses of the property. Different uses would
require different construction schedules. Staff met with MIG regarding
incorporating ideas for the property into MIG's public outreach process.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether PARC would provide its
recommendations to the Council or begin the outreach process in the fall of
2014.

Mr. Betts indicated PARC hoped to hold its outreach with interested users
and stakeholders in the fall of 2014 and follow up with recommendations to
the Council by the first of 2015.

Vice Mayor Kniss was enthusiastic about dedicating any amount of land as
parkland. The property was not pristine parkland. She asked about the
period of time Acterra had leased the property.

Mr. Betts responded nine years.

Vice Mayor Kniss wished to ensure Acterra was included in public outreach.
She suggested PARC tour the property before making recommendations for
use of the property.

Council Member Schmid thanked Mr. Borock for providing detailed maps at
the Council's Closed Session discussion of the item. Along the northern
border of the property was an exclusive easement for landscaping. He
inquired whether the City was legally responsible for that easement.

Ms. Stump reported at the time the easement was granted, the City held fee
title to the land, but not use and access of the land. Use and access was
reserved by the estate. The easement was permanent and not subject to

                                                                         Page 8 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
