                             MINUTES
Ms. Struve advised that unenclosed areas were part of the existing
Ordinance; however, those provisions needed some clean-up language
because smoking was allowed in 50 percent of unenclosed dining areas. The
Committee directed all outdoor dining areas, public events, work sites, e-
cigarettes, and a penalty escalation be included in the Ordinance.

Jan Parcel stated studies were providing evidence in favor of the safety of e-
cigarettes and indicating young people were quitting smoking in
unprecedented numbers.       E-cigarettes should not be included in the
proposed Ordinance.

Omar Chatty noted the number of deaths on Caltrain tracks. He hoped the
Council would support replacing Caltrain with Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART)
in order to save lives.

Council Member Price reported that the Committee's discussion included the
importance of expanding the smoking ban and modifying boundaries. The
discussions focused on the issue of public health risks associates with
smoking.      Other communities commonly included e-cigarettes in the
definition of cigarettes. She proposed modifying Item 2 in the Committee's
recommendation to include examination of potential banning of smoking in
multifamily residential units that had a shared ventilation system.

Mr. Bobel did not have any concerns about including the proposed language.

Council Member Price felt the proposed language clarified the Committee's
intent.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
Adopt an Ordinance Amending Chapter 9.14 (Smoking and Tobacco
Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to:

1.    Establish New Smoking Restrictions for Outdoor Commercial Areas,
      Outdoor Eating Areas, Public Events, Work Sites and Service
      Locations; and

2.    Include Penalty Escalation for Repeat Offenders; refer further
      investigation to the Policy & Services Committee on tobacco retailers
      licensing and indoor smoking, including examination of potential
      banning of smoking in multifamily residential units that have a shared
      ventilation system; and

3.    Require Cigarette Butt Receptacles and Signage Immediately Adjacent
      to and Within Areas Covered by the Ban.


12/15/2014                                                             116- 272
