                             MINUTES
Sea Reddy spoke regarding the election the following day. More women
were needed on the Council. Council Members with integrity were also
needed.

Dr. Martell had filed a complaint against the City as she was injured at a Palo
Alto public facility. The City Attorney failed to provide her with surveillance
video of her accident. She requested a hearing in order to confront her
accusers. The City's case was based on hearsay. She requested the Council
order the City Attorney to stop harassing her and to dismiss the lawsuit.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Victoria Sullivan, Palo Alto Woman's Club President, spoke regarding Agenda
Item Number 9. She thanked the Council for supporting the nomination of
the Woman's Club of Palo Alto to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Club House was important to the architectural history of Palo Alto. A
listing on the National Register would be the highlight of the centennial
celebration of the Club House in 2016.

Council Member Holman recalled current and prior Councils had supported
the activities of the Woman's Club. She thanked them for helping to
preserve the institution in the community.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt it was important for the facility to be maintained and
sustained.

Wayne Douglass spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 3. The Independent
Police Auditor was a successful program and should be expanded to include
EMTs and firefighters.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-10.

3.    Approval of a Contract with Independent Police Auditor in the Amount
      of $27,500 Per Year for a Period of 1 Year, with Possibility of Renewal
      for up to Two Years, with Compensation Not to Exceed a Total of
      $82,500.

4.    Ordinance 5279 entitled “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adding Chapter 4.60 to the Palo Alto Municipal Code Regarding
      Business Registration Program (First Reading:     October 6, 2014
      PASSED 8-0 Klein absent).”




11/03/2014                                                              116- 36
