Council Member Schmid requested Staff update the Council regarding permit
issues for the Flood Control Project.

Mr. Keene would do so. If the Golf Course Project was delayed for months,
one construction season would be lost. The State Water Board's decision
also involved life safety issues which hopefully would factor into the State
Water Board's review.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Staff reviewed plans for lighting
with the City of East Palo Alto.

Mr. Teresi did not have a plan for lighting as plans were conceptual at the
current time. Staff shared the EIR with the City of East Palo Alto; however,
it did not comment. The EIR indicated the best available technology would
be utilized to shield lighting as much as possible.

Council Member Schmid asked if the City of East Palo Alto was aware of the
possibility of lighted fields.

Mr. De Geus was not sure if the City of East Palo Alto was aware of the
possibility of lighted fields. Staff had not created a design for the 10 1/2
acres.

Council Member Schmid suggested informing the City of East Palo Alto of
possible lighting would be important.

Mr. Keene explained that the EIR accommodated the possibility of lighting.
Should a design include lighting, Staff would coordinate with the City of East
Palo Alto.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether information similar to the
sensitivity analysis would be utilized to determine the City's risk.

Mr. De Geus answered yes.

Council Member Schmid noted the PARC added another acre to the Baylands
habitat and reduced the term of maintenance. That appeared to be a
beneficial mitigation at approximately the same cost.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to accept the Parks and Recreation Commission
recommendation on tree mitigation in the Baylands.

Mr. Keene understood the PARC did not view the habitat addition as a
mitigation.

                                                                        Page 27 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/03/14
