                             MINUTES
other issues were part of a long-term vision for the City. He wished he could
offer better alternatives with a combination of near-term measures that
addressed current problems. The Council had discussed whether to return
to an update of the Comprehensive Plan rather than a rewrite. Returning to
an update would accelerate the Comprehensive Plan approval process, but
would not address zoning issues. Updating the Zoning Ordinance could
require another four years once the Comprehensive Plan Update was
complete. He was leaning toward a focused approach on zoning changes
that could occur in a matter of months as opposed to a rewrite of the
Comprehensive Plan. Focusing on zoning changes would influence the
Council's decision on EIR scoping.

Council Member Holman felt the proposed scenarios were not well vetted,
were not clear, and did not provide clear direction to the consultant. The
vision behind the scenarios was not clear. The Council was attempting to
accomplish too much too fast. The Comprehensive Plan Update began with
two modest updates. She had always been skeptical about the process.
She was concerned that the City was losing opportunities while the Update
process was underway. She could not imagine preparing EIRs for the two
Concept Area Plans would require as much time as obtaining public input for
a full-scale EIR. She would not support development on the east side of
Highway 101. The Council should act on those items it could comprehend.

Council Member Klein did not want the Council to move onto a tangent that
could jeopardize Palo Alto's success. He preferred to focus on initiatives that
addressed current problems. In 2006, the Council began a program to
update the Comprehensive Plan. At that time, there was consensus that the
Comprehensive Plan needed some revision.         The City did not need a
dramatic revision of the Comprehensive Plan. There were a variety of voices
in the community, and the Council had not heard from all of them. Staff
needed to identify methods to hear from the various segments of the
population. The Council did not yet have good data regarding number of
drivers passing through Palo Alto versus driving around Palo Alto. Both of
those categories would be difficult to regulate. A broad rewrite of the
Comprehensive Plan needed better constraints. Staff had not proposed all
possible scenarios. The amount and pace of growth in Palo Alto had been an
issue almost since the community was founded.

Ms. Gitelman commented that some Council Members recognized that
Scenario 2 was the existing Comprehensive Plan with an annual growth limit.
Existing zoning and land use designations would not change.            The
Comprehensive Plan would be largely the same. If the Council chose to
pursue only that scenario, then Staff would have to analyze the cumulative
impacts of growth during the lifetime of the Comprehensive Plan. The fact
                                                                         Page 13 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes 08/06/14
