                             MINUTES

Ms. Cameron explained the technical definition of intersection level F was if
the average delay of every vehicle approaching or going through the
intersection was 80 seconds or more.

Council Member Burt asked for clarification on average; was that throughout
the day.

Ms. Cameron stated average during the peak period. The practice was there
may be a delay of more than 80 seconds in more than one signal but the
majority of the traffic was completing the process within the 80 second
cycle.

Council Member Burt said the intersection was based on all movement.

Ms. Cameron stated yes.

Council Member Burt recalled the metric did not include the number of lanes
but he requested that be added. He raised the safety issue of reduced speed
zones on Page Mill Road and Foothill Expressway for pedestrians and
bicycles. He asked what the caring capacity of a road system was within the
VTA and how that should interplay with zoning created as cities and county
planning.

Mr. Rodriguez clarified there was tracking at a regional level how jobs and
housing had a transportation impact of the infrastructure on the entire
county.

Ms. Cameron noted the County was identifying potential improvements but
the Expressway 2040 Plan was focused on the near term 2025 year. Mr.
Rodriguez and Mr. Collen were very involved in the VTA planning efforts
which was where all of the cities in the Santa Clara County and San Mateo
County were coming together to discuss and review the greater issues.

Council Member Scharff understood Central Expressway was not adjacent to
Palo Alto although it was a vital part of the communities travel. He asked
what the vision was for improvements to the Expressway.

Mr. Collen explained when the right-of-way was originally purchased there
was long term planning in place building the structure wide enough for 6-
lanes. Only 4-lanes were actually constructed but with the ability for
widening as future needs required.



06/16/2014                                                            115- 153
