illegal or non-conforming signs around Palo Alto.      Either better Code
enforcement or a revision of the Sign Ordinance was needed.

Council Member Schmid referenced the Code section regarding sign
exceptions. The Housing Element included 13 sites within 1,000 feet of the
sign location. He questioned whether a residential, densely populated
neighborhood and a vibrant, auto-based commercial sector had competing
claims. The Council should discuss whether an exemption from the Sign
Ordinance was consistent with development of a residential neighborhood
prior to passing Item Number 6.

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Our Palo Alto: A Community Conversation About Our City’s Future.
     Staff Requests Council Input and Endorsement of a Three-Part
     Strategy to Engage Residents in a Community Conversation About the
     Future of Our City.     The Strategy Would Include (a) a Series of
     Conversations and Events Focused on Ideas, Dialogue and Building
     Community; (b) Near Term Actions Aimed at Addressing Today’s
     Critical Issues; and (c) Community Engagement Effort Aimed at the
     Design of Alternative Futures Through the Comprehensive Plan Update
     Planning Process.
James Keene, City Manager, reported the prior year saw the emergence of
many impacts related to growth pressures in and beyond Palo Alto. While
traffic and parking problems were apparent and constant reminders of the
pace of change in the Bay Area, they also raised many other questions
regarding the current and future direction of the City. Since December
2013, Staff worked to structure a framework for community conversations
regarding the City's future and a revised Comprehensive Plan in order to
build a strong, clear roadmap to the long-term future. Three themes of
ideas, action and design would occur concurrently through 2014 and well
into 2015. In the ideas section, Staff compiled ways to build broad-based
engagement with the community and hoped to provide opportunities for
sharing different perspectives. Staff envisioned a framework beyond City
Hall for dialog with the community. At the February 10, 2014 Council
meeting, Staff would present a series of issues related to parking solutions.
On February 24, 2014, Staff would present traffic and Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) decisions and directions. On March 3, 2014,
Staff would present a proposed Comprehensive Plan process. Our Palo Alto
began with an ideas and engagement foundation that ran parallel to
discussion and Council action and concluded with a long-term plan and
engagement process for the future.



                                                                        Page 8 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/03/14
