steps needed to wait for perfect data. She suggested the Council discuss the
recommendations separately due to Council Member conflicts.

Chop Keenan noted the lack of a Council liaison to meetings of the Business
Improvement District Parking Committee. He supported Item Numbers 3
and 4. Construction of a parking garage could occur at Lot G and/or Lot O.
With respect to Item Number 5, there should be a priority for employees in
the district. Gated parking structures should be avoided because they
implied no admittance.

Allen Akin indicated more than 4,000 cars passed his house daily, with peaks
at 8:00 a.m., noon, and 5:00 p.m. Building a garage on Gilman Street
would likely increase traffic on Bryant and Waverly. Garages in Downtown
were neither attractive nor the most economically sound use of real
property.    He suggested priority be given to the Urban Lane and
Embarcadero Road proposals rather than Downtown core garages.

Bill Phillips, Stanford University Land, Buildings and Real Estate, reported
that Stanford University, the Joint Powers Board (JPB), the City of Palo Alto,
Palo Alto Medical Foundation, and the adjoining property owner would be
part of any negotiations regarding Urban Lane. Stanford University would
not accept an identified alternative of parking rather than transit uses on the
ground floor.      As the transit center relied on infrastructure from 27
University Avenue and the Arts and Innovation District, developing a
proposal for Urban Lane could be premature.

Tommy Derrick asked the Council to reaffirm the January date which would
necessitate Staff providing a proposal to the Council by July. The California
Avenue core was rapidly approaching the same level of parking demand;
therefore, it should be included in parking considerations.

Robert Moss preferred a garage be located on Lot E so as not to displace the
Farmers Market. Before changing Embarcadero Road, Staff should ensure
remote parking was effective. Restricting parking in neighborhoods and
requiring employees to park in garages should be implemented prior to
building garages.    Encouraging the use of public transportation and/or
carpools should be a part of parking efforts.

Eric Filseth thanked the Council for directing Staff to proceed with the
Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Program and delineating the January 1
schedule. Implementation of RPP Programs should not be tied to other
parking efforts.



                                                                         Page 15 of 37
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 2/10/14
