             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              FINAL MINUTES
                                                            Regular Meeting
                                                            October 6, 2014

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:00 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, Holman, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:    Klein

Mayor Shepherd announced the upcoming retirement of Donna Grider, City
Clerk, in November 2014.

Donna Grider, City Clerk, was privileged to have worked with the City
Council and public.

Mayor Shepherd thanked Ms. Grider for her service to the City.

STUDY SESSION

1.   City Council Study Session with Senator Jerry Hill.

Mayor Shepherd thanked Senator Hill for authoring Senate Bill (SB) 1064
regarding rail transportation of oil, and for supporting SB 270 prohibiting
single-use plastic bags at retail locations and Assembly Bill (AB) 1014, AB
1594, AB 1826, AB 2328, AB 2577, and SB 1014. Senator Hill was
responsive to the interests of Palo Alto.

Senator Jerry Hill was pleased the Governor signed into law SB 270. The
City's advocacy and activism were appreciated in Sacramento. The State
completed the prior fiscal year with approximately $4 billion in excess of
expenditures. Senator Pavley's bill placed limitations and requirements on
fracking in California. Rail transportation of oil to the Bay area was a
concern. SB 1064 required more oversight and disclosure of trains carrying
oil. First responders could not adequately respond to a train derailment that
involved oil. In the upcoming year, he wished to create funding to assist
first responders with handling train derailments. He was disappointed by the
Governor's veto of three bills that would have increased transparency of,
provided greater oversight of, and implemented more restrictions on the use
of campaign funds. His office had contacted the State Water Board in


                                                                     Page 1 of 35
