                             MINUTES
Voting For Richard Whaley:         Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein,         Kniss,
                                   Price, Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Donna Grider, City Clerk, announced that Nancy Clark and Richard Whaley
with 9 votes and Hal Mickelson with 8 votes were selected to serve for the
Storm Drain Oversight Committee in three year terms ending October 31,
2018.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

None

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced that the San Francisquito Joint
Powers Authority and the Santa Clara Valley Water District would jointly host
a community meeting regarding the Pope-Chaucer Street Bridge
Replacement Project on January 15, 2014, at 6:30 P.M.               The Fire
Department invited the public to participate in the Racing Hearts Foundation
Spot the Box Campaign. A fatal fire occurred January 10, 2014 and burned
quickly due to a large amount of combustibles stored in the home. The Palo
Alto Junior Museum and Zoo was selected to receive a 2014 State
Superintendant's Award for Excellence in Museum Education for the School
Science Program.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Mayor Shepherd read a message from City Attorney Molly Stump regarding
Council Member Questions, Comments, and Announcements. The purpose
of the item was to make brief announcements for the public or short
statements to Staff.     Major policy items should not be discussed or
considered. The entire item should be limited to 15 minutes.

Council Member Price was appointed to the Housing, Economic, and
Community Development Committee of the California League of Cities and to
the Steering Committee of the Transportation, Infrastructure, and Services
Committee of the National League of Cities.

Council Member Schmid noted a County meeting of the Association of Bay
Area Governments (ABAG) occurred the prior week. An update of the Plan
Bay Area was presented. ABAG wished to accomplish truncated California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) review for affordable housing. One of the
problems with financing affordable housing was a city's commitments to
Counties, State, and Federal funding sources as each agency added
constraints.


                                   3                     January 13, 2014
