                            MINUTES
Staff recommended proceeding immediately with a Zoning Ordinance(s) to
address retail preservation and parking exemptions; scheduling a work
session in January 2015 related to pace of growth; scheduling a series of
community workshops regarding policy choices; utilizing community
workshops to reconcile the Planning and Transportation Commission's
(P&TC) work with existing Comprehensive Plan goals, policies, and
programs; performing impact analyses of policy choices; and drafting a
Zoning Ordinance concurrent with the Comprehensive Plan Update.        A
potential timeline would be holding a work session with the Council in
January 2015; in early 2015 presenting a draft Zoning Ordinance and
preparing for community workshops; and holding community workshops in
the spring of 2015.

Council Member Klein urged Ms. Gitelman to differentiate between
suggestions from individual Council Members and actions taken by the
Council. Staff should not write an Ordinance incorporating all 19 ideas as
the ideas had not been approved by a majority of the Council.

James Keene, City Manager, believed Staff's orientation was to design a
process that could include Council Member suggestions. Staff would be clear
about any Council direction given to Staff.

Council Member Klein felt the recommendations exceeded the Council's
original intent that 90 percent of the Comprehensive Plan would remain
intact. He inquired whether the Comprehensive Plan Update process would
merely update the Comprehensive Plan to reflect the passage of time or
reconsider many of the policies.

Ms. Gitelman reported many goals and policies in the Comprehensive Plan
did not need revision; however, some policy choices were now available. It
would be a mistake not to confront those choices in the context of the
Comprehensive Plan Update. The list of policy choices was not long, but it
was important.

Council Member Klein did not wish to mislead the public. The program
seemed to be more than an update of the Comprehensive Plan.

Mr. Keene remarked that some people would not want to make changes,
because they presumed outcomes of existing policy. Those outcomes could
be different and could become apparent while discussing choices.

Council Member Klein inquired about criticisms that the P&TC worked behind
closed doors.



11/03/2014                                                          116- 39
