                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff noted the issue was included in the Policy and
Services Committee work plan. The Planning Director stated to the Policy
and Services Committee that Staff did not have sufficient resources to take
on the issue as well as other pressing matters until mid-2015. This issue
was not a priority in relation to traffic, parking, and other planning
initiatives.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to remove the verbiage of returning no later than March 31,
2015.

Council Member Scharff did not oppose the Council reviewing the issue, but
was concerned about Staff resources.

Council Member Schmid wanted to provide Staff with the flexibility to
determine when they could return with a Study Session.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff review actions taken by other cities
and present that information to the Council. An important first step would
be adopting an Ordinance. The Council could then consider methods to
enforce the Ordinance.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the larger issue was a community
discussion regarding what should be allowed in R-1 neighborhoods. Staff
could quickly provide information on actions taken by other cities.

Council Member Burt believed there were two aspects to the issue. One was
that regulations for these businesses aligned with regulations for traditional
short-term rentals. The second aspect was what the Council and community
wanted to allow. Adoption of an Ordinance could be done quickly, followed
by a prolonged discussion of what to allow.

Ms. Stump advised that the TOT Ordinance presented to voters in November
2014 clarified the language.   Council Member Burt's first aspect was
accomplished.

Council Member Klein was disappointed by the Planning Director's comments
to the Policy and Services Committee and felt the problem was larger than
Council Member Scharff believed. Without clear policies for collection of tax
revenues, the problem would grow. These businesses were negatively
affecting Palo Alto's hotel industry. It would be a mistake not to include a
date for Staff to return to the Council.

Council Member Price would support the Amendment.              She too was
concerned about Staff's workload.

12/15/2014                                                             116- 279
