                             MINUTES
Herb Borock stated at some point the Council needed an Agenda Item
related to programs to be studied in the Environmental Impact Report (EIR).
He opposed applying for the grant, because the purpose of the grant was to
increase employment development. The number of jobs generated by the
land use designation would overwhelm the amount of housing.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether five minutes for each Council Members'
comments would provide sufficient information for Staff.

James Keene, City Manager, remarked that Staff could capture Council
comments through observing the session and reviewing the Minutes. The
item was a preview of the Council's reaction to the Plan before Staff
presented it to the public for comment. The Council was not acting on the
Plan, simply informing Staff about its concerns.

Council Member Burt felt five minutes would be a brief opportunity for the
Council to provide comment on a significant development. Five minutes was
not sufficient time for the Council to properly consider significant decisions.
If the Council wanted to make changes when the Plan returned in a year's
time, the process could be too far advanced to make changes.

Mr. Keene reported the Council could comment on the Plan at the current
time and again at the Comprehensive Plan discussion in May 2014 or
schedule another session on the Plan. The Council should vet the Plan
before presenting it to the public; however, the Council should not complete
the Plan prior to obtaining public input.

Council Member Burt recommended the Council agendize a meeting on the
topic separate from discussion of the Comprehensive Plan.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) take up the California Avenue Concept Plan tonight, 2)
schedule an additional Council meeting specifically on the Concept Plan,
and 3) allow for a vote to take place tonight on the VTA grant.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Burt was suggesting the
Council discuss applying for the grant at the current time and postpone
discussion of the Plan to a separate time.

Council Member Burt asked when the grant application was due.

Ms. Gitelman responded April 28, 2014.



04/21/2014                                                             114- 489
