                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene noted the City's revenue stream was better than in past years;
however, there were many demands on revenue. If the Council felt there
was a viable business plan, then Staff could review ways to stage decisions
to possibly free up funds. The City did not have excess funds just waiting to
be spent.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the History Museum Board wanted $2.5
million in a lump sum.

Mr. Green commented that would be the quickest way to rehabilitate the
Roth Building and to entice philanthropists.    The Board was flexible
regarding funding. A matching grant would also be a trigger event for the
donor community.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled the City bought the building at the turn of the
century. She expressed concern that the History Museum had been delayed
for such a long period. The Council needed to know that the Board was
motivated to search for funding from the community.

Council Member Price noted the History Museum Board performed research
and inquired of prospects. She requested comment regarding the statement
that indications were very good.

Bob Woods reported donors were interested in various aspects of the
project.   His experience led him to believe that support would be
forthcoming quickly, especially if the Council joined in a positive way.

Council Member Price remarked that Mr. Woods made a distinction between
factors and interests. Some people were interested in the capital campaign
while others were interested in programs.

Mr. Woods developed a list of gift opportunities and was identifying
prospects who gravitated to each opportunity.

Council Member Price inquired about the type of candidate the Board would
solicit for funds.

Mr. Woods indicated a number of foundations stepped forward for the capital
campaign. The genre of philanthropy in Palo Alto was driven mainly by
individuals.   85 percent of giving across the United States was from
individuals, 12 percent from foundations. The Board was focusing on those
individuals in Palo Alto who would want to make an investment in the
project.

Council Member Price asked if pledges included bequests.

                                                                        Page 8 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 3/24/2014
