Council Member Klein indicated a return on the Consent Calendar was only a
hope. He wanted to see an item returned to the Council by the first meeting
in June 2014.

Mr. Keene explained that if the Finance Committee identified other capital
facility objectives, then that would require a rigorous analysis by Staff.
Projects should not be driven by a desire to set a new fee. The same Staff
would be working on this item and the Budget.

Council Member Scharff would agree to the Finance Committee hearing the
item in May 2014. The Finance Committee could decide it was not ready for
the Council at that time. He did want the Finance Committee to hear the
item prior to beginning the Budget.

Council Member Klein expressed concern that the item had already been
delayed two years as that cost the City money.

Council Member Scharff felt acting too quickly could also cost the City
money.

Council Member Klein believed if the Finance Committee did not finish the
item prior to beginning Budget hearings, then it would have a good excuse
not to work on it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to bring this
back to the Council on Consent Calendar, contingent on a unanimous vote
by the Finance Committee, and to return to the Council by the first meeting
in June 2014 with whatever portion is ready.

Council Member Holman requested Staff answer questions such as the
meaning of residential subdivision of over 50 parcels. She inquired about
the basis for Mr. Nathan Perez stating commercial impact fees appeared to
be low compared to other communities.         She suggested the Finance
Committee complete as much work as soon as possible and then determine
whether a second phase of work was needed.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Finance Committee would have to make that
determination.

Council Member Burt agreed with the Finance Committee having the
discretion to bring some or all of the item to the Council at the same time.
The item would return on the Consent Calendar only if there was unanimous
approval by the Finance Committee.


                                                                      Page 20 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 03/03/14
