                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt understood Staff was concerned about additional work.
If Council Member Klein was agreeable to simply continuing the discussion,
then that would not create additional Staff work.

Council Member Klein was agreeable. Staff could make revisions; however,
revisions would not be required for the Special Meeting.

Council Member Burt asked if a Special Meeting could be scheduled sooner
than June if Staff did not need to revise the draft document.

Ms. Gitelman did not want to create an expectation that Staff could move
forward with extensive community outreach while preparing for another
Study Session. Community outreach would need to be delayed.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Council would take action at the proposed
meeting; therefore, it would not be a Study Session.

Council Member Klein used the term "Special Meeting" so that the Council
could take action.

Mr. Keene reported continuing the discussion to another meeting would
require less effort than determining Council expectations of Staff at the end
of the session.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff frame the issues raised by Council
Members as questions or alternatives for the public to ponder. The Council
was raising issues rather than taking action. He inquired whether colleagues
felt that would be a good method to incorporate input from the Council.

Vice Mayor Kniss knew Staff had expended an enormous amount of time to
prepare public engagement. She understood Council Member Klein's wish to
continue the discussion; however, public engagement should begin as
planned.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Council would review the proposed
document line-by-line and take action at the proposed Special Meeting. The
Council should receive public comment, and then review the proposed
document line-by-line at the August 4, 2014 Council meeting. He assumed
the first available Saturday in June meant a Saturday in June rather than the
first Saturday in June.

Council Member Berman concurred with comments made by Vice Mayor
Kniss and Council Member Scharff.


05/05/2014                                                           114- 569
