Council Member Price felt the Council had made sufficient progress with
respect to Infrastructure Strategy and Funding. It was clearly articulated in
the Work Plan. Environmental and sustainability issues were critical in terms
of much of the Council's work.

Council Member Burt wished to ensure Mayor Shepherd's comment
regarding relative importance of the Priorities was not reflected as the
position of the Council. The order of the Priorities was roughly aligned in
importance to the Council and to the community.

Mayor Shepherd suggested the Policy and Services Committee determine
whether the Priorities were equally weighted.

MOTION PASSED for Technology and the Connected City: 9-0

Council took a lunch break from 12:30 PM until 12:45 P.M.

Priorities & Work Plan: Getting the Work Done

4.   Committees
     a.  Technology & Connected City: Action: Review reappointment of
         the Committee. Schedule Staff updates to Council as part of
         2014 Work Plan.

     b.    Rail Committee: Action: Consider folding the committee work
           into Council for 2014. Cal Train EIR will be brought to full
           Council. Staff will monitor other items and bring to Council as
           needed.

     c.    Committee of the Whole:      Action:   Consider establishing a
           Committee of the Whole format for use a few times a year
           (quarterly?) for key emergent issues that could benefit from full
           Council discussion and potential action in a committee setting
           format.

Mayor Shepherd stated Agenda Item Number 4 was focused around not yet
having assigned Council appointments to either the Technology and the
Connected City Committee or the City Council Rail Committee for 2014.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Clerk's calendar for calendar year
2014 contained 31 Council meetings, 21 Finance Committee meetings, 10
Policy and Services Committee meetings, 11 Regional Housing Mandate
Committee meetings, 1 Infrastructure Committee meeting, and 11 Rail
Committee meetings.
                                                                       Page 14 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/01/14
