                      FINAL MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman offered "draft a scope of work and evaluation criteria for a
Request for Proposals from qualified design firms for design and
environmental review and preparation of construction cost estimates publicly
financed preferably on Lot D or alternatively on Lot G and potentially to
include alternate sites if automated parking was a viable alternative."

Council Member Burt asked how that differed from Staff recommendations
for other Downtown lots where stacked parking could be a favorable
alternative.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that her suggested language would obtain proposals
as a result of the RFP. The Amendment requested Staff to return with
recommendations.

Council Member Burt inquired whether "return with recommendations within
the RFP" was acceptable.

Mr. Keene advised that a review of lots in terms of a stacked parking option
would be a separate analysis. Under the criteria the Council considered
previously, Lot D was the chosen location. Staff could proceed with Lot D
and offer a stacked version solely for Lot D as an alternative within the RFP.
Staff could review separately other garages with alternative financing
mechanisms or different technologies.

Council Member Burt could accept Staff evaluating stacked parking for Lot D.
He asked if that verbiage needed to be clarified in the main Motion if his
Amendment was withdrawn.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff would return with an analysis of stacked
parking similar to the ground-floor retail component.

Mr. Keene answered yes, and it would be included as an alternative in the
RFP.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Burt disagreed with the comment that office space was the
primary driver for the parking deficit.       Over the last several years,
Downtown had experienced a small net loss in retail and a significant
exacerbation of the parking deficit. That was the result of office use.

Council Member Price would not support the Motion because it prematurely
limited parking garage financial alternatives to publicly funded options.

Vice Mayor Kniss would not support the Motion. The integrated parking
strategy had not been implemented. She assumed the TOT (Measure B)
                                                                          Page 34 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
