Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Golf Course would be closed if
it did not meet financial metrics.

Council Member Klein replied no. The Golf Course would be notified that
closure was a possibility. The City was not committing to a continuing
subsidy regardless of the amount of revenue.

Council Member Scharff felt the Golf Course Project was exciting and a win-
win situation. Reconfiguring the Golf Course was the best chance for
improved revenue. He inquired whether Staff recommended the entry sign
be incorporated into the Motion.

Mr. De Geus responded yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO use the branding sign suggested by Staff.

Council Member Price inquired whether Staff needed Council support with
State Legislators regarding permitting.

Mr. De Geus suggested that was an option that might be used in the future.
Events over the next few weeks would determine whether Staff needed
additional support.

Mr. Keene felt the State Water Board's focus was on the Flood Control
Project.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the City was also awaiting final
approval of a permit for the Flood Control Project.

Mr. De Geus answered yes.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Golf Course Project could proceed
without the Flood Control Project obtaining its permit.

Mr. De Geus explained that was the State Water Board's response. The Golf
Course Project could stand alone and provided environmental and water
quality benefits.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the outcomes for the Golf Course
Project if the Flood Control Project's permit was delayed for months.

Mr. De Geus stated that would be a problem for the City and Staff. Soil was
stockpiled on the Golf Course, and the Golf Course was losing approximately
$100,000 monthly.


                                                                     Page 26 of 30
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 02/03/14
