which were not proposed to change; that described the land use pattern in
the City based on the land use map in the Comprehensive Plan; that
described the development caps stated in the Comprehensive Plan; and that
described the work that occurred to begin revising the Comprehensive Plan.
All of that would be combined into descriptive material that allowed and
elicited meaningful comments regarding ideas and alternatives. For the
Community Leadership Group, Staff could not utilize a 60-person committee
in a schedule of 18-24 months. Staff proposed the Community Leadership
Group be composed of 12-15 people. Staff would request applications from
people who were interested in being leaders, who had connections in the
community, and who had the ability to assist with community engagement.
Staff was specifically searching for people with talent in community
engagement and community networks.

Council Member Holman did not believe the Community Leadership Group
would perform the actual work of revising the Comprehensive Plan.

Ms. Gitelman reported the group would make recommendations regarding
the Comprehensive Plan. Community engagement would be added to the
group's charge.

Council Member Holman inquired whether           Staff   was   searching       for
representatives from broad interest groups.

Ms. Gitelman would solicit applications from people in various categories and
evaluate those applications to empanel a group that would be partners
throughout the Comprehensive Plan effort.

Council Member Holman asked if the Community Leadership Group would
hold public meetings.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes. EIR tutorials were beyond the scope of the
Comprehensive Plan effort. Staff anticipated a much longer review period
for the draft EIR than was typical. Between December 2014 and December
2015, Staff would provide redline versions of the Elements on which the
P&TC worked and request community input on policies and program
language. Staff needed an extended period to achieve those two objectives.

Council Member Holman inquired about a method to expedite the California
Avenue Concept Area Plan.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the P&TC's work regarding the California Avenue
Concept Area Plan was a public document and available for review. At the
Regional Housing Mandate Committee meeting, Staff promised to provide an
analysis of the amount of housing that could be incorporated into the Fry's
                                                                       Page 17 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
