                      FINAL MINUTES
INTER-GOVERNMENTAL LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS

11.   Discussion and Recommendation on the Proposed Santa Clara County
      Transportation Project Sales Tax Increase.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, reported the goal of the item was
to provide an overview of the proposed Santa Clara County transportation
tax initiative.   Staff did not expect the Council to make detailed
recommendations but to provide direction as to a policy process. The
Council's packet contained preliminary polling data.

Carl Guardino, President/CEO Silicon Valley Leadership Group, reviewed
successful ballot measures led by the Silicon Valley Leadership Group (SVLG)
for transportation funding improvements within Santa Clara County. Traffic
continued to be a major concern. The Federal Highway Trust Fund was
expected to be bankrupt in August 2014. A State needs assessment
demonstrated a $298 billion funding gap in the State highway systems. In
December 2013, SVLG shareholders approved the potential for leading
another transportation funding measure to be placed on the ballot in
November 2016. Four working groups comprised of regional transportation
agencies; Public Works Directors and Transportation Directors from the 15
cities and towns and the County of Santa Clara (County); stakeholders; and
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) professionals from SVLG
member companies were meeting. Information compiled by the working
groups was utilized in a survey of 600 registered voters in April 2014.
Transportation professionals proposed six categories to help provide
transportation improvements and traffic relief. All six categories of funding
received more than two-thirds support in polling. The three categories for
road improvements were street maintenance and pothole repair,
improvements on the expressway system, and bicycle and pedestrian
improvements. The three categories for transit were the second segment of
the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) extension, Caltrain commuter rail
improvements in Santa Clara County, and improvements for senior citizens,
the poor, and the disabled. An increase of 1/4 cent over 30 years would
raise approximately $3.2 billion conservatively or $3.75 billion less
conservatively. A 75-word ballot question which captured all pertinent
information received 73 percent support, 23 percent opposition, and 4
percent undecided. The previous five campaigns did not receive such a high
level of support. SVLG proposed moving the measure from the November
2016 ballot to the November 2014 ballot, because the economy in 2014 was
better known than the economy in 2016 and few tax or fee measures were
proposed for the November 2014 ballot. Another poll of 800 residents would
be performed later in the week. By early June 2014, SVLG would know
whether the climate was right for a sales tax measure. He wished to hear
                                                                          Page 17 of 29
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
