                       FINAL MINUTES
Manager, the Office of the City Clerk, and his fellow Council Members. The
difference between Palo Alto and other cities was policy because it
outweighed personality and politics, which was a good thing. There was
always someone on the Council that looked deeply into the details and
someone that was looking at things from a higher level.          All Council
Members put in much effort and having nine Council Members brought a
variety of views.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Wynn Grcich cited a news article that talked about highest healthcare pay-
outs for previous Council Members. She noted a building plan that she
disapproved of and talked about harmful chemicals being used.

Cheryl Lilienstein looked forward to Council Member Scharff’s mention of a
moratorium on limiting density for Planned Community Zoning. She thought
density was not necessary because the housing inventory was adequate.
She suggested a full Council discussion about how commercial development
greatly increased density and how that was going to impact the character of
Palo Alto. She wanted the Council set-aside density proposals that harmed
the City.

Tom Dubois asked that the Council read the Ordinance amending Title 18 of
the Zoning on the Housing Element because of the consideration of the
environmental impact or other elements of the General Plan. The State
Mandate enabled many buildings to exceed the current zoning. He asked
Council to wait to adopt the change tied to the upcoming comprehensive
plan updates and wanted to know why citizens would limit the mixed-use
units to the Architectural Review Board approval only.

Andy Vought discussed the sudden increase in overnight guest parkers at
Edgewood Drive and Newell Road and added that the temporary overnight
parking ban gave people back their neighborhood. He suggested Council
move forward with the replacement of the Newell Bridge and urged the City
to focus on a smaller bridge which would preserve the functionality of the
existing bridge, but would not overwhelm the neighborhood.

Stephanie Munoz emphasized accepting civic responsibility and not
forgetting the obligations of the faith communities. Homelessness was part
of growth and was the result of industry; industry did not leave behind
work-housing for its workers. Other communities and the County were
helping the homeless; the role of religion was to tell people what to do and
how to behave.
                                                                        Page 10 of 11
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 01/06/14
