                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid called point of order. The Motion had a third
component of determining a date for a follow-up session.

Mayor Shepherd understood the City Manager stated it was Staff's intent to
return to the Council.

Mr. Keene reiterated that a two-hour Study Session was scheduled for the
Comprehensive Plan and would include the California Avenue Area Concept
Plan. At the end of that meeting, the Council could determine if more time
was needed. Land use for the majority of the City would remain the same at
the end of the Comprehensive Plan discussion. Land use in a few areas
would change. As the Council reviewed the Comprehensive Plan, it could
determine areas for more intensive focus.

Council Member Burt questioned whether the Council would have a separate
discussion of the California Avenue Area Concept Plan.

Mr. Keene reported at the end of the May 5, 2014 meeting, the Council could
discuss whether another session was needed. Staff was committed to
ensuring the Council released the Plan to the public when it was ready.

15.   Public Hearing -- Council Adoption of an Ordinance Modifying: 1)
      Chapter 18.16 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) to: (a) Address
      Sidewalk Width and Building Setbacks (Setback and “Build-To” Line
      Standards and Context Based Design Criteria) along El Camino Real,
      and (b) Reduce the Allowable Floor Area Ratio on CN Zoned Sites
      Where Dwelling Units are Permitted at 20 Units Per Acre; and 2) PAMC
      Chapter 18.04 to Adjust the Definition of Lot Area and Add a Definition
      for “Effective Sidewalk”. Environmental Assessment: Exempt from the
      Provisions of CEQA per Section 15305 (Minor Alterations in Land Use
      Limitations) (STAFF REQUESTS ITEM BE CONTINUED TO APRIL
      29, 2014)

Council Member Scharff reported he would be in Washington, DC with the
Utility Department the following week.   As an author of the original
Colleague's Memorandum, he would appreciate the Council continuing the
item until he could be present.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to defer item until after May 5, 2014 or later.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, suggested the Council select a date certain for
noticing purposes.


04/21/2014                                                           114- 497
