Council Member Berman did not view the recommendations as taking money
from PAUSD. Ending the Covenant not to Develop would end an obsolete
agreement and allow the City to invest funds in the community. The
Cubberley and Ventura sites were heavily used assets that had fallen into
disrepair; therefore, funding should be focused to those two facilities. He
looked forward to working with PAUSD to create a vision for Cubberley.

Council Member Burt noted the State passed a law that restricted a School
District's prerogative to sell surplus land. Students from Los Altos Hills and
Stanford benefited from the City's subsidy to PAUSD. To the extent that the
City invested funds in physical structures on PAUSD's portion of the
Cubberley site, it would be investing in the long-term value of an asset
owned by PAUSD. The City Manager and Superintendent Skelly negotiated
for more than a year without reaching a resolution. Positions had not
changed in that time and likely would not change in the next year.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to direct the City Manager to attempt to complete the lease agreement
negotiations by May 2014.

Council Member Scharff requested the City Manager comment on the
Amendment.

Mr. Keene understood the Council's position was to eliminate the Covenant
not to Develop. Once that was realized, then the City had a good chance of
reaching an agreement. The default position was that there would not be a
lease in 2015. As long as the Council was clear that there would not be a
Covenant not to Develop, he could accept the direction to complete
negotiations prior to Superintendent Skelly's departure.

Council Member Burt did not believe positions would change.

Vice Mayor Kniss supported an attempt to complete negotiations by May
2014.    It would be wise to have Superintendent Skelly in place for
negotiations. If negotiations were not resolved by May, then at least the
Council moved in that direction.

Council Member Klein felt a deadline was not a good strategy. The real
deadline was December 31, 2014. The City's leverage was the lack of
funding if the lease was not renewed. Imposing a deadline seemed to be an
empty gesture and did not improve the tenor of negotiations.

Council Member Schmid stated the Covenant not to Develop was of prime
importance. He disagreed with imposing a deadline in a public session. The
Council needed to be cooperative.


02/24/2014                                                             114- 346
