                              MINUTES
Eileen Landauer, speaking as an individual, preferred the name Main Library;
however, the name no longer fit the facility. This was an opportunity to
thank all those individuals who made the new library possible.

Martin Bernstein, speaking as an individual, felt it would be confusing to
name Main Library for Birge Clark when the building was designed by
another architect. The Post Office was a more appropriate facility to name
for Mr. Clark as he designed it.

Loretta Green supported naming a library in honor of Doris Richmond. Ms.
Richmond was synonymous with Palo Alto's libraries and valued the
importance of research. She was the first African-American employee of the
City's library system. Thousands of Palo Alto residents benefited from her
broad knowledge, enthusiasm, and encouragement.

Alison Cormack asked the Council to rename Main Library to Rinconada
Library. Main Library and Mitchell Park Library should be named in a parallel
manner. There was no reason to rename Main Library for a person who was
not connected with the facility or services provided therein. Retaining the
name Main Library, which was located in north Palo Alto, would contribute to
the perception that more services were available in north Palo Alto than in
south Palo Alto.

Leonardo Hochberg, Library Advisory Commission Chairperson, did not
believe the name Main Library was deliberately chosen for the facility. The
Council had the opportunity to make a deliberate decision regarding the
name. The name Rinconada was appropriate and historically accurate.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Policy & Services Committee did not provide a
recommendation as directed by the Council.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Council had full discretion to
discuss the topic as the referral procedure was followed. As a policy matter,
the Council could discuss names suggested by members of the public or
contained within the Staff Report as well as other names.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to rename the Main Library in honor of Birge Clark

Council Member Price indicated Birge Clark was responsible for hundreds of
buildings located throughout Palo Alto and Stanford University. Mr. Clark
was a major contributor to the definition of the Bay Area's primary building
styles. He had a significant impact on the architectural character of Palo
Alto. She named several of Mr. Clark's projects. Mr. Clark served on the
Historic Resources Board. Mr. Clark's legacy was significant. During his 22
years at Stanford University, Mr. Clark influenced the design sensitivities,

                                  11                              April 7, 2014
