                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene noted the Substitute Motion contained a combination of Staff
returning with specific information and the Council holding a discussion. He
inquired whether Staff should provide options for a revised breadth and
scope with more advanced, robust, relevant data.

Council Member Burt's intention was not to seek additional Staff work, but to
continue the item.

Council Member Klein would replace "direction" with "Staff suggestions."

Council Member Burt asked what the suggestions would cover.

Council Member Klein clarified that Staff would suggest a revised breadth
and scope of the Comprehensive Plan accompanied by more robust, relevant
data taking into account the Council's comments.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff would provide data at that time
or the Council would provide direction on the data it sought.

Council Member Klein had no opinion on that point. He was attempting to
respond to Council Members' request for more data.

Council Member Burt believed the Council should provide better guidance on
the data it sought and have concurrence regarding data. The Council would
determine any additional data it needed to proceed with the Comprehensive
Plan revision.

Council Member Schmid asked if Staff would provide a list of types of data
that was available and that would be relevant to Council questions. The
Council could then choose which data was appropriate.

Council Member Klein proposed language of "Staff suggestions for a revised
breadth and scope ... ."

Mr. Keene suggested separating that into two items; "revised breadth and
scope; list of the type of data necessary for informing the Comprehensive
Plan."

Council Member Burt asked where "and taking into account comments heard
from Council" should be placed in the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Klein indicated it would be Number 4.

Mayor Shepherd requested the City Attorney comment                    on      the
appropriateness of the discussion in relation to the Agenda item.

                                                                       Page 21 of 25
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes 08/06/14
