                             MINUTES
If the Council wanted to segregate some ideas and advance them ahead of
the Comprehensive Plan Update, Staff was open to that discussion; however,
Staff would need to review other ongoing initiatives and reprioritize them.

Council Member Burt did not believe Staff could move items through the Palo
Alto process in a timeframe Ms. Gitelman was suggesting. He failed to see a
difference between implementing zoning changes in parallel with the
Comprehensive Plan and moving some portion of changes ahead of the
Comprehensive Plan, because Staff would be performing the same amount
of work in the same two-year period.

Ms. Gitelman felt Staff could work on a subset of ideas and potentially
present an Ordinance to the Council within three or four months. The
balance of ideas would occur during the Comprehensive Plan Update
process. The majority of work on the Comprehensive Plan Update would
occur in 2015, so that the Council could adopt a Comprehensive Plan Update
and Zoning Ordinance in early 2016.

Council Member Burt was skeptical that certification of a final EIR, adoption
of the Comprehensive Plan, and implementation of a Zoning Ordinance could
be accomplished in early 2016. The City's hotel overlay and marketing
campaign had been successful; however, modifying the FAR could allow
better and more compatible designs. He inquired whether Staff assumed
costs for future grade separations would be fully funded by the City.

Ms. Gitelman had not reviewed financing. Staff offered the scenario because
it had impacts and benefits.

Council Member Burt noted other possible means to fund grade separations.
It was inappropriate to mislead the community into thinking that grade
separations would necessarily be solely or predominantly funded from local
tax dollars.   He asked if only high growth scenarios within the EIR
considered grade separations.

Ms. Gitelman proposed pairing grade separations with one of the scenarios
that contained an annual cap on office and Research and Development
(R&D) growth. Scenario 2, slow growth, was paired with County Expressway
improvements.    Scenario 3 was paired with Caltrain grade separation.
Scenario 4 was paired with significant investments in transit.

Council Member Burt inquired about reasons for pairing those.

Ms. Gitelman wished to define a range of simple scenarios to illuminate
policy choices.   Staff could pair growth levels with transportation
investments; however, a review of those scenarios would never end.

11/03/2014                                                            116- 43
