Keri   Wagner    commented     that   Agenda   Item    Number     9,  the
Charleston/Arastradero Complete Street Project was vigorously vetted and
received approval. Charleston/Arastradero Road would be an important part
of the proposed integrated network and should be included in the complete
network.

Michael Midolo opposed Agenda Item Number 8, the addition of a bocce ball
court to Scott Park because of noise. Heritage Park would be a better site
for a bocce ball court.

Omar Chatty spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 9 and believed bringing
the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) up the Peninsula would allow a 60-mile
bike path between San Francisco and San Jose. Bike networks in all cities
could tie into the bike path. Bike networks aligned with the larger picture of
regional transportation.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 5-13.

5.    Cancellation of April 14, 2014 Council meeting.

6.    Approval of the Acceptance and Expenditure of Citizens Options for
      Public Safety (COPS) Funds on Various Law Enforcement Equipment
      and Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5237 entitled
      “Budget Amendment Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
      for the Supplemental Law Enforcement Services Fund.”

7.    Revenue Agreement with the County of Santa Clara in the Amount of
      $250,000 Over Two Years for Support of Intensive Case Management
      in Connection with Housing Subsidies to be Provided by the County of
      Santa Clara for Palo Alto’s Homeless.

8.    Recommendation to Adopt a Park Improvement Ordinance for the
      Design of the Scott Park Capital Improvement Project.

9.    Approval of Five Consultant Contracts Totaling $2,231,211 for Design
      and Environmental Review of Bicycle Plan Implementation Projects and
      Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5238 for $335,000.

10.   Approval of Seven On-Call Planning and Environmental Consulting
      Services Contracts and Amendment of One On-Call Planning Contract
      for the Department of Planning and Community Environment to
      Support Routine Current Planning Activities, Special Projects, and
      Environmental Review for a Total Not to Exceed Amount of $931,998.


                                                                        Page 11 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/17/14
