                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump advised that some complaints similar to those that prompted the
discussion had been made. The $250,000 amount could not and had not
eliminated all problems related to homelessness. The City did not track that
type of complaint and should not, because it would require emergency
service workers to make a classification. Citizens also should not make that
type of classification. Acute concerns that motivated Council action had
eased due to other circumstances; however, some concerns remained in the
community. Staff would need to work with the Police Department and
Community Services to help citizens resolve their concerns.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled the Policy and Services Committee discussion was
contentious because of problems at Cubberley. Those problems were much
better now. She inquired whether anyone was fined under the Ordinance.

Ms. Stump replied no.       The Ordinance was never applied and never
enforced.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted no one personally spoke in support of retaining the
Ordinance.    Peninsula Healthcare Connections had been hired for the
homeless program.       The Santa Barbara program was operated by a
nonprofit organization and utilized parking lots located on the outskirts of
the city or county. She suggested the Council provide Staff with definitive
direction to explore alternative programs. She would not feel comfortable
supporting the Motion without the additional discussion of exploring
alternative programs.     She inquired about the difference between no
overnight parking in residential neighborhoods and the current Ordinance.
The City was considering a Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Program.

Ms. Stump explained that a no-parking restriction was very different legally
from a vehicle habitation ordinance. Briefly, the issue raised before the
court was clarity of the vehicle habitation law. That type of vulnerability did
not exist in a no-parking restriction.

Vice Mayor Kniss was concerned that an RPP Program could exacerbate or
alter the problem.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to refer this back to Policy and Services Committee to discuss
an updated Ordinance and should it include differential about size of vehicle.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND




11/17/2014                                                              116- 127
