                            MINUTES
Council Member Burt met with Doria Summa and Jeff Levinsky two weeks
earlier and also with Jim Baer. He did not learn any information that was
not in the public record.

Council Member Holman held telephone conversations with Doria Summa
and Jeff Levinsky and did not learn any information that was not in the
public record.

Council Member Berman held a telephone conversation with Jim Baer a few
weeks prior and did not receive any information that was not public record.

Council Member Price spoke with Mr. Baer as well and did not learn any
information that was not in the public record.

Council Member Klein exchanged voicemail messages with Jim Baer and
gained no information that was not in the public record. Approximately two
weeks earlier, he received a call from Mark Khoury and learned that Mr.
Khoury had negotiated with Patrick Smailey; however, those negotiations
were not successful.       Mr. Khoury authorized Council Member Klein to
disclose that information.

Council Member Schmid had conversations with Doria Summa and Jeff
Levinsky regarding information in the record.

Vice Mayor Kniss had read many emails pertaining to the Item.

Mayor Shepherd had a telephone conversation with Mr. Baer and did not
learn any new information.

Jim Baer, Applicant, had provided comprehensive, unredacted documents
related to all matters. Uriel Chavez, as grocery operator, was under a 20-
year operating agreement. Mr. Chavez had a background of operating 40
markets. With annual gross revenues of more than $200 million at their
peak, these markets caused Mr. Chavez to be an extraordinary candidate for
serving as the grocery operator. The operating agreement delegated all
responsibilities and authority to the grocery operator. College Terrace
Market was highly capitalized for durable success with almost $1 million.
Bank statements demonstrated investments of $750,000 in the past six
weeks by James Smailey. Refrigeration, racks, and cook lines were financed
by vendors. The landlord would provide $101,250 or 4.5 months of free rent
after the store opened. The landlord guaranteed the lender that the grocery
store rent would be paid. The landlord and Patrick Smailey, who had no
ownership interest in the property, had guaranteed the $40 million real
estate loan. Rent for the space was below market value at $1.88 per square
foot or $22,500 per month. The landlord provided surety for $2,000 per day
related to not having a grocery operator.


12/01/2014                                                          116- 148
