                              MINUTES
The first roadway configuration featured a painted median busway and
stations similar to rail stations with level boarding and all fare payment
systems. The mixed flow configuration would have bulbout stations in the
Number 3 (outside) lane. While the investment amount was significant,
operating costs would be less expensive with extended dedicated lanes. VTA
performed a comprehensive review of 82 traffic intersections within the
corridor and 165 traffic intersections outside the corridor to determine traffic
flow. VTA's traffic demand model forecast ridership and future traffic levels.
The traffic demand model included input from the City's General Plan land
uses and all current and future roadway and transit networks. The traffic
analysis was reviewed in terms of traffic delay and impacts to all 240
intersections. Currently, a bus could travel from Palo Alto to Diridon Station
in approximately 85 minutes. In a dedicated travel lane, a bus could travel
the entire corridor in 48 minutes. Implementing a dedicated travel lane
would result in a 3.7-minute impact to vehicular traffic. A portion of travel
trips displaced by a dedicated lane would move to the bus, convert to a
different travel mode, or disperse to other streets. In some instances, traffic
dispersion to other streets would be small. If the dedicated lane option was
chosen, VTA staff would work with City Staff to determine whether to
implement on-street parking or a dedicated bike lane. A dedicated bus lane
would require signalizing or closing some left-turn lanes. Both options would
require some tree removal; however, all trees would be replaced in-kind.
VTA staff would work with City Staff to mitigate traffic impacts to
intersections; and the project would pay for improvements.            VTA had
scheduled a number of public meetings in various cities and would visit
almost all city councils as well. VTA staff wanted feedback from cities along
the corridor.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff would present a comment letter to
the Council on December 15 rather than December 8, 2014.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff would likely return to the Council by December
15, 2014.

Mayor Shepherd noted VTA's mailing address for individuals to provide their
comments directly to VTA.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled that El Camino Real was a state highway.

Mr. Ristow concurred.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about the City's influence over a state highway.




11/17/2014                                                              116- 111
