bike friendly community, walkable communities, quality of life, vision and
innovation, planning, open and transparent government, inclusiveness and
tolerance, youth well-being, safety and security. A smart screen was rotated
throughout locations in the City. The smart screen captured more than 50
responses reflecting themes similar to those provided on Open City Hall.
Four Jordan Middle School students interviewed residents about Core Values
and a video was created. All input and video would be posted online for
public review.

Mr. Keene recalled the Council's discussion of Priorities at the 2013 Retreat.
As part of that discussion, the Council wanted to identify enduring Core
Values. Staff would continue to collect community input and proceed as the
Council directed.    Use of Open City Hall encouraged direct citizen
participation.

Tom Dubois felt the limited number of responses was not representative of
the community. Analysis of comments on paloaltoonline.com could be
useful.  Because the National Citizen Survey had a more rigorous
methodology, its data would be more useful.

Penny Ellson hoped the Council would place emphasis on bicycle and
pedestrian transportation during the discussion. She noted the Matadero
Bike Boulevard was delayed by months and hoped it would move quickly.

Cheryl Lilienstein encouraged Staff to focus data collection in areas south of
Page Mill Road.

Council Member Price inquired about Staff's use of traditional methods of
outreach to the community.

Ms. Keith indicated Staff would continue outreach using non-technology
methods, such as face-to-face interviews and written responses.

Council Member Price suggested Staff utilize natural networks, such as the
Council of Parent Teacher Associations (PTAs).

Council Member Berman reported the thoughtfulness of responses exceeded
his expectations. He encouraged Staff to continue their outreach efforts and
the public to respond.

Council Member Klein was concerned whether Staff was reaching the entire
community. The Asian-American community, residents under age 40, and
renters constituted a majority of Palo Alto citizens; however, their input was

                                                                         Page 2 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/01/14
