                            MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:16 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt arrived @ 5:46 P.M., Klein arrived @ 5:21 P.M,
             Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid arrived @t 5:46 P.M., Shepherd

Absent:      Holman

Study Session

1.    Update on Santa Clara County Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) El
      Camino Real Bus Rapid Transit Project.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Council held a Study Session in 2012
regarding Bus Rapid Transit (BRT). In 2013, the City submitted comments
regarding the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) scoping report and
supported the Santa Clara County Valley Transportation Authority (VTA)
preferred option. VTA was considering dedicated lanes to Embarcadero
Road. The Council would receive VTA's report regarding options so that
Staff could prepare a letter commenting on the VTA Draft EIR. The Staff
Report indicated comments were due by December 15, 2015; however, the
correct date was January 14, 2015.

Council Member Price, Council Representative to VTA Board of Directors,
introduced John Ristow and Steve Fisher.

Jaime Rodriguez, Transportation Manager, noted the Draft EIR was released
approximately two weeks prior to the meeting. Staff requested feedback in
order to develop a comment letter for approval by the Council and
submission to VTA.

John Ristow, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Administration Director of
Planning and Program Development, reported the overall project extended
from the Palo Alto Transit Center to the SAP Arena near Diridon Station. The
proposed alternatives were composed of varying lengths of dedicated lane.
On El Camino Real, VTA proposed repurposing two of the six lanes of travel
for BRT. After the comment period, VTA staff would present a preferred
alternative to the VTA Board of Directors. VTA staff expected to certify the
Final EIR in the late summer of 2015. The intent of the project was to
provide a fast, frequent, and reliable BRT system. The corridor had the
highest ridership for VTA buses. VTA wished to improve the transit option
for the corridor, because of the investments made by cities and private
development.


11/17/2014                                                           116- 110
