                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein wanted to make the existing built environment more
efficient and to create programs that incentivized people to participate. He
requested a status update regarding the Georgetown Prize.

Mr. Friend explained that the Georgetown University Energy Prize was a two-
year competition to reward the city that was most successful at reducing its
energy use and greenhouse gas emissions with a $5 million prize. Palo Alto
was one of approximately 50 cities entered in the competition. Staff was
using the competition to extend outreach to the community and to involve
more people in energy reduction and greenhouse gas reduction in addition to
the Utilities Department's existing programs.

Council Member Klein asked when the two-year period began.

Mr. Friend believed the start date was January 2015.

Council Member Klein stated the City had to increase public awareness of all
initiatives.

Mr. Friend hoped to involve a broader spectrum of the community in
conversations.

Council Member Price suggested appropriate Staff Reports contain a section
that addressed sustainability, future scenarios, climate adaptation, or
resiliency. In this manner, the Council could discuss sustainability issues
within topics on its Agenda. Younger generations were shifting to bicycling
as a mode of transportation; however, bicycling needed to be more
attractive for older generations.

Mr. Friend clarified that transportation contributed 20 percent of greenhouse
gas emissions nationally, and 60 percent locally. Transportation was an
essential component of any greenhouse gas strategy.

Council Member Price stated density, Floor Area Ratio (FAR), building
performance, building height, smart growth, and New Urbanism were
directly aligned with sustainability issues.  The critical connection and
alignment should inform policy makers and the public. She inquired about
ways to determine feasible action items and when Staff would implement
programs that were feasible and would lead to measureable outcomes.

Mr. Friend advised that Staff would begin that work in the next phase.

Mr. Van Orsdal was reviewing various behaviors, policies, and other issues
that would support programs and attempting to identify programs with a
quantitative relationship that could be included in an analysis.


12/08/2014                                                               116- 199
