Ms. Gitelman reported current zoning created expectations on the part of
property owners and the public that there was a development potential for
property. If the Council implemented restrictions on development, then it
would have a larger conversation with more complicated issues. With
respect to public comment regarding design exceptions, the Council
reviewed exceptions it wanted to grant, such as exceptions that allowed for
wider sidewalks. In some circumstances, exceptions were beneficial and
encouraged quality design. Broadening the time-out to include additional
tools and circumstances beyond PC Zoning would create unintended
consequences and complexities.

Mr. Keene did not believe the Council could lightly consider reducing or
potentially removing entitlements that were granted and might be
longstanding. Such consideration would require a foundation of facts and
data, an understanding of the implications, and demonstrable fairness. Staff
could return with a time-out on a discretionary decision.

Council Member Holman suggested the Council could address some issues
such as up-zoning. Someone could skirt the PC issue by requesting an up-
zoning. The structure of parking considerations did not necessarily benefit
the community at the current time. Some of those issues would not
necessarily have the impact that Staff referenced.

Council Member Price would not support a time-out at the current time,
because she was not comfortable with a time-out as a way of doing
business. The pending application should continue through the application
process with existing public input and reviews. The PC process provided a
design outcome that could be attractive for the intersection of El Camino
Real and Page Mill Road. She strongly supported reform of the PC process.
The issues of quantification and enforcement clearly needed work. The PC
process should be reformed within the next three to four months, rather
than waiting for the update of the Comprehensive Plan. Over the prior two
to three years, the community refined its thinking regarding the elements of
the PC process that needed improvement.

Council Member Klein asked if the P&TC would review Staff's proposed PC
reforms prior to the proposed reforms being presented to the Council. He
asked if Staff's proposed deadline of summer meant June or August.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff first considered a deadline of July; however,
they would need to reconsider that timeframe. If Staff sought Council
direction, then they would have to circle back to the P&TC for
recommendations. Staff was seeking Council direction. If the Council
wanted to proceed quickly, then Staff could draft alternatives, present them

                                                                      Page 17 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 02/03/14
