                              MINUTES
Public Hearing closed at 9:37 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to adopt the Ordinance to create Underground Utility District No. 46 and
thereby amending section 12.16.02 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

17.   Council Review and Direction to Staff Regarding the Risk Assessment
      for Storing and Handling Hazardous Materials at 607-811 Hansen Way
      (CPI) and Possible Zoning Ordinance Amendments.

Mayor Shepherd advised that CPI manufactured microwave and radio
frequency products for defense, communication, and medical scientific
applications. In 2005, CPI was the sole plating shop in Palo Alto using and
storing hazardous materials at or above the California Accidental Release
Prevention Program (CalARP) threshold levels. In 2006, CPI upgraded
facilities, storage, processing, and safety equipment, but continued to store
hazardous materials above the correct levels. Between 2005 and 2008,
three hazardous material releases occurred. In response, the City enacted a
Zoning Code amendment related to hazardous materials in 2007. CPI was a
nonconforming use until March 2012, when CPI reduced the levels of
hazardous materials below threshold levels.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported in
April 2012 the Council requested Staff retain a consultant to evaluate
potential offsite hazards related to CPI and compare current zoning to best
zoning practices. The Council also requested Staff prepare definitions and
thresholds of hazardous material facilities for possible restrictions related to
the distance between uses similar to CPI and residential uses. The Council
also requested recommendations on potential amortization options and a
review of those in the context of the consultant's report.

Rodney Jeung, AECOM, explained three concepts which contributed to the
concept of risk and the understanding of possible public health implications
from an accidental release. First, the type and amount of hazardous
materials at a facility or source was simply a characterization of quantity,
type, and potential health impacts from an accidental release. The second
concept was a pathway or mechanism by which hazardous materials might
be transported from the source to the surrounding receptor population. The
third concept referred to engineering and administrative controls in place at
the site to reduce the accidental release.       Not considering all three
components could lead to inaccurate conclusions or statements that might
be taken out of context. He was primarily concerned with Building 2, the
cryogenic liquid storage area and the plating shop. The assessment focused
                                                                          Page 19 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/06/14
