                             MINUTES
should provide. He inquired whether each scenario had a list of subordinate
policies.

Ms. Gitelman attempted to describe the alternatives in the Staff Report at a
similar level of detail with the understanding that each would need further
definition. Each alternative would probably result in adjustments to policy
language. Staff requested Council input regarding additional information it
wanted prior to Staff beginning the EIR analysis.

Council Member Klein believed the discussion was more detailed than he
originally thought.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council could begin to specify greater detail than
originally proposed in order to define additional topics the Council wished
Staff to analyze. A large number of topics would impact the ability of Staff
to perform the analysis within a specified timeframe. The Council might
need to temper its request for details.

Council Member Klein was unsure of the effect of a Council vote. Perhaps by
Wednesday, Staff could clarify that. He inquired about other alternatives
Staff may have considered but chose not to propose.

Ms. Gitelman reported participants at the scoping meeting proposed nine
alternatives with a great deal of commonality.         PlaceWorks and Staff
condensed those nine alternatives into four. Only a few details contained in
the nine alternatives were not included in the four alternatives. One such
detail was the undergrounding of Caltrain. Staff felt that detail was too
ambitious for a 15-year plan based on City resources. In the four scenarios,
Staff attempted to capture a vast majority of ideas from the public meetings.

Council Member Klein asked if Staff had any ideas they chose not to
propose.

Ms. Gitelman believed the four scenarios would capture the ideas that would
need to be analyzed in the EIR. Some scenarios needed further refinement,
and Staff had some ideas about that. The goal was to define a range of
alternatives that could bracket a likely outcome to the planning process.
Staff felt the four alternatives could do that.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City would look much the same
in 15 years under the first three alternatives.

Ms. Gitelman felt the City Manager was correct in stating the vast majority
of the City would look the same. In each alternative, Staff attempted to
identify very specific focus areas where change could occur in the next 15


                                                                       Page 12 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/04/14
