                             MINUTES

Ms. Gitelman requested Council Member Klein review Item Number 2. She
asked if he intended to replace the P&TC with the City Council or to remove
P&TC. The Resolution as drafted left decision making between Phases 1 and
2 to the Director with the City Council reviewing it at the end of Phase 2.

Council Member Klein wanted to give the Director authority to make changes
between Phases 1 and 2. The Council would have full authority at the end of
Phase 2.

Council Member Schmid understood the Motion was for the Director to make
recommendations to the Council rather than make the decisions.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that during Phase 1 the Director will recommend
to the City Council the maximum number of permits to be issued during
Phase 2.

Council Member Schmid remarked that Phase 1 would generate extremely
important information that would inform Council discussions. The Council
should engage directly.

Council Member Price would support the Motion. If traffic initiatives were
successful, perhaps the Council could reduce the extent of the RPP Program.

Council Member Burt commented that the stakeholder group demonstrated
that well-designed groups allowed complex issues to proceed. He wanted to
understand the process for other modifications between Phases 1 and 2.
The stakeholder group could add value to the entire process.

Ms. Gitelman advised that many refinements could be needed; therefore,
Staff proposed decisions be made at the Director level subject to approval by
the City Council at the end of Phase 2. Possible issues were allocation of
spaces, the number and prioritization of employee permits, and others.

Council Member Burt inquired about the process for making refinements.

Ms. Gitelman envisioned the stakeholder group as a continuing resource as
Staff collected data and began to assess potential refinements.

Council Member Burt asked if the process would involve administrative
decisions or Council decisions.

Ms. Gitelman stated it would be an administrative process. Staff would
consult with interested parties and make informed decisions, knowing the
Council could change any decisions at the end of Phase 2. The P&TC
suggested a public hearing through consultation between Staff and the
P&TC.
12/02/2014                                                            116- 186
