                      FINAL MINUTES
6.   Approval of Mutual Cooperation and Support Agreement Between
     (YCS) for Youth and Teen programs in Partnership with the Community
     the City of Palo Alto and Youth Community Services Department.

7.   Approval of Council Appointed Officer Committee Recommendation to
     Appoint Beth Minor as Acting City Clerk.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Numbers 3-7: 9-0

ACTION ITEMS

8.   Palo Alto Shuttle Program Expansion -- Presentation of Phase 2
     Alternatives.

Mayor Shepherd recalled the Council authorized Staff in February 2014 to
consider a variety of parking strategies, including expansion of the shuttle
program. In July 2014, the first phase of the program expanded services in
conjunction with East Palo Alto services. The City of East Palo Alto paid for
the expanded service; however, the City of Palo Alto managed the program.
She reviewed next steps described in the Staff Report.

Ruchika Aggarwal, Associate Engineer, Planning and Community
Environment reported the Crosstown route was fully funded by the City and
provided a north-south connection within the City. A special route served
David Starr Jordan (Jordan) and Jane Lathrop Stanford (JLS) Middle Schools.
The Crosstown route operated Monday through Friday from 7:40 a.m. to
5:30 p.m.      The Embarcadero route operated as part of the Caltrain
commuter shuttle program and was funded 25 percent by the City and 75
percent by the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board (JPB).            The
Embarcadero route connected the University Avenue Caltrain Station to
businesses located east of Highway 101 and was popular among commuters
and students. Shuttles operated during peak hours only Monday through
Friday. The East Palo Alto route began operating in July 2014, was fully
funded by the City of East Palo Alto, and connected the University Avenue
Caltrain Station with the Woodland Avenue community in East Palo Alto.
The route operated seven days per week, between 6:00-10:00 a.m. and
4:00-9:00 p.m.

Steve Crosley, Fehr & Peers, performed an independent review of the City's
existing shuttle system and proposed routes. At the time of the analysis,
the East Palo Alto route had no data for analysis; therefore, he analyzed the
Crosstown and Embarcadero routes only. He reviewed the amount of
ridership per run for each route over the course of a day; however, he did
not have data regarding the demand for stops. Over the course of a day,
demand for the Crosstown route was extremely high and consistent
                                                                         Page 4 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes10/27/14
