                            MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Holman proposed the Council vote
or discuss changing the process.

Council Member Holman did not wish to discourage current applicants by
reopening the application process without first demonstrating support for
them.

Council Member Burt felt voting on applicants and reopening the application
process would be confusing. In the past, the Council had interviewed
additional candidates and selected candidates from the original interviews;
therefore, he would not view reopening the application process as a
prejudgment of applicants. Experienced applicants had knowledge and
commitment; however, new candidates were beneficial.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to reopen the recruitment for the Historic Resources Board.

Council Member Schmid noted five candidates were available for four seats
on the HRB. Four of the five candidates were incumbents. The Council
should question the lack of applicants for the HRB in relation to the number
of candidates for other Boards and Commissions.

Council Member Klein would not support the Motion; although, he agreed
that turnover of Board and Commission membership was necessary at times.
The HRB likely had more years of service than any of the other Boards and
Commissions.     Because of strict requirements for applicants, the HRB
typically did not field many candidates. Until the Council changed those
requirements, it should not assign fruitless work to Staff.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the City Clerk's Office did
anything different in soliciting applicants for the HRB than for the ARB or
P&TC.

Beth Minor, Acting City Clerk, responded no. The Clerk's Office conducted
outreach through newspapers, neighborhood associations, and other usual
methods.

Council Member Berman did not believe Staff outreach efforts affected the
number of applicants. He would not support the Motion.

Council Member Holman would support the Motion with the understanding
that it was not a rejection of all candidates. Qualifications for the HRB
ranged broadly from owning an historic home to experience and expertise in
history.



11/10/2014                                                            116- 81
