                            MINUTES
Council Member Holman wished to take some broad action now and reserve
study and detailed action for a later time.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff had obtained a great deal of data regarding
Downtown and could accomplish a review in the next few months.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff knew of a short-term means to
address office density until the Business Registry was in effect.

Ms. Gitelman had not considered ways to address office employment
density, she understood it would be part of the Comprehensive Plan Update.
She would review whether requiring a use permit for more office uses would
accomplish the goal.

Council Member Holman requested that be moved forward. Zoning changes
that slowed the pace of development seemed to conflict with additional
incentives for small lot consolidation along El Camino Real.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the list was comprised of Council Member ideas
offered during the Study Session.        They could conflict.    Small lot
consolidation grew from the Housing Element discussion.

Council Member Holman stated parking exceptions were always a high
priority. The Code was clear regarding Design Enhancement Exceptions
(DEE). She did not understand why that would require revision.

Ms. Gitelman placed DEEs on the list for further discussion. The Code was
written to provide DEEs for small items rather than items requiring a
variance. She did not believe Code changes were needed.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff would revise specific areas of
the Code or the Code in general to increase clarity.      Topics such as
mezzanine and grandfathering could be addressed in the near term.

Ms. Gitelman envisioned some revisions in the short term and concurrent
with the Comprehensive Plan Update. Staff did not have the ability to
conduct a comprehensive Code revision.

Council Member Holman recalled that Neighborhood Commercial (CN)
Zoning increased FAR from 0.9 to 1.0 if the additional 0.1 FAR was retail.
She asked if reverting to the former FAR would require a community
discussion.

Ms. Gitelman believed Staff had Council direction to review the CN Zone
along El Camino Real in the context of the Comprehensive Plan Update.


11/03/2014                                                          116- 47
