                            MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz believed the Council could obtain correct information and
commit to act appropriately.     The City's use of amortization was
inconsistent.

Lydia Kou questioned the ability of CPI to obtain a building permit when it
stored hazardous materials onsite. Residents learned about the storage of
hazardous materials in 2006 when the first spill occurred.        The Risk
Assessment Report did not guarantee residents' safety in the case of an
earthquake or catastrophic event. She urged the Council to amortize now
and for the shortest time period allowed.

Arthur Liberman stated Staff assumed CPI was safe because of Fire
Department inspections. Seismic analysis could not be trusted. Removing
hazardous chemicals would make residents' lives more healthful. He urged
the Council to ban hazardous materials from Research Park.

Reine Flexer discovered her home on Matadero would be impacted by a spill
at CPI.

Mr. Steres advised that Barron Park and CPI had been located in the same
place since the 1950s and not one person had been harmed. The Loma
Prieta earthquake did not cause any problems at CPI even though seismic
upgrades were not in place at that time.

Council Member Burt noted the Staff Report mentioned regulations that
would cover other facilities containing similar materials and volumes.
However, the Motion did not address that. He did not wish to create an
Ordinance in reaction to one specific circumstance. The Ordinance should
identify facilities that posed risks that the Council felt an obligation to
mitigate. Zoning referenced distance to residents. Zoning should also
consider schools and any other incompatible uses.         There was not a
distinction with respect to volumes of hazardous materials. The risk was
very similar whether volumes were 10 gallons over or under the threshold.
There was no attempt to distinguish between a facility with 20 gallons of
hazardous materials and a facility with the volumes CPI used and stored.
The Ordinance should set boundaries that reflected risk. Mr. Jeung reported
a 33-foot distance to the toxic endpoint in one scenario while the distance
was 92 feet in the second scenario. He requested an explanation of those
two scenarios.

Mr. Jeung asked if Council Member Burt was referring to the scenario he
created as one of the extreme events with a 92-foot toxic endpoint.

Council Member     Burt   inquired   whether   that   scenario   involved       the
earthquake.
                                                                         Page 26 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/06/14
