                      FINAL MINUTES
ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ken Horowitz indicated the West Bay Opera Association was experiencing
financial difficulties. He asked the Council to invite the Director to speak to
the Council regarding the West Bay Opera Association.

Donald Barr previously reported on a survey of Barron Park residents.
Residents were very aware of the demographics and policy issues
surrounding Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.         Barron Park residents
supported retention of Buena Vista residents in Palo Alto and preferred
redevelopment of the property as low-income and market-rate apartments
with a preference given to Buena Vista residents.

Roger Smith attended Avenidas' awards ceremony and a Boy Scout event.
In speaking with other attendees, many agreed that the number of Council
Members should be reduced. He encouraged the Council to place a Charter
amendment on the Ballot.

Fred Balin advised that the proposed new grocer for College Terrace Center
was the developer's son who had no grocery experience. He questioned
whether a lease agreement between father and son would be enforceable
and whether a grocery owner with no experience would operate a market
comparable to the former JJ&F grocery. He encouraged the Council to abide
by the wording and intent of the Conditions of Approval related to the
selection of a new grocer.

Art Liberman referred to an article     in the Daily Post regarding hazardous
materials and toxic fumes at CPI.        The topic would be presented to the
Council in the future. City Staff and   Council Members were concerned about
citizens' welfare and searched for      creative solutions to problems in the
community.

Council Member Burt inquired about the procedure for reviewing the lease of
the former JJ&F grocery site to determine the adequacy or validity of the
lease.

James Keene, City Manager, understood Staff had              conducted some
preliminary review.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reviewed the lease for commercially reasonable,
appropriate, and customary terms. The lease met that standard. The
Planning Department was reviewing the nature of the lease in other
contexts.

Mr. Keene would provide a written response to the Council within the week.
                                                                            Page 3 of 29
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
