                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt recused himself from the item as his residence was
located within 500 feet of the Junior Museum and Zoo. He rescinded his
second to the Motion.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff would negotiate the amount of input
the City and the Friends would have into programs.

Mr. Rossmann replied yes. Negotiations would also include the type of
interaction the City and the Friends would have over the following 40 years.

Ms. Halpern added that negotiations would shape the public-private
partnership.

Council Member Scharff believed the topic would be more of a discussion
rather than a guiding principle. The Council would not direct Staff regarding
the amount of input the City would have.

Mr. Keene concurred.     The balance of input would be expressed in an
agreement.

Council Member Scharff stated the guiding principles were not really guiding
principles.

Ms. Halpern advised that the guiding principles were key discussion points.

Council Member Scharff felt the guiding principle to stabilize and reduce
long-term the City's financial support was a direction and a guiding principle
rather than a discussion point. He had concerns about that, because the
City's contribution seemed stable.

Mr. Rossmann explained that the City's budgeted amount for JMZ was
increasing annually due to benefits costs for JMZ Staff.

Council Member Scharff indicated the City's budget for JMZ was stable in
that Staff costs for JMZ increased at the same rate as Staff costs for other
departments. The statement seemed to imply there was some other issue.

Ms. Halpern reported the guiding principle was included to indicate the City's
benefit was reduced long-term financial support.

Council Member Scharff questioned whether it was necessary to include that
guiding principle. The financial support guiding principle appeared to be
directional. If it was not meant to be directional, then it should be deleted
or revised to "balance long-term costs and financial support versus
programs." He did not want to be prescriptive without understanding the
tradeoffs.

11/10/2014                                                              116- 98
