The cost to the General Fund was approximately $550,000.               Key
stakeholders were residents. He questioned the benefits that a TMA would
provide residents. Staff should return with a recommendation that provided
some context. The development cap should be integrated with a TMA.

Mr. Keene felt Staff advanced the right methodology. If Staff explored
potential context, then Staff would need three years to provide a
recommendation. Staff would invite the marketplace to provide alternatives.
The Council would modify and improve any recommendation Staff could
make. The best approach was to obtain as many ideas and options as
possible and allow the Council to apply context and values.

Vice Mayor Kniss indicated the Council had made significant progress since it
began the discussion a year previously. Communications to the Council
were positive, with only minor changes proposed.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to: 1) solicit proposals to provide car share
services within city-owned parking lots; 2) evaluate rideshare tools,
including a trial of the “TwoGo” Rideshare App, for coordination and
marketing by the TMA; and 3) authorize the City Manager to enter into an
agreement with the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board to participate in
the Caltrain Go Pass Program.

Council Member Scharff requested time to address the Go Pass issue.

Mayor Shepherd hoped Staff would hold a rigorous conversation with the
Business Improvement District (BID) to quantify the number of people, as a
TMA was designed for employers with 1 to 1,000 workers. Staff noted
SB 1339 provided pretax incentives for companies with more than 50
employees. One of the most important parts of the Contra Costa TMA was
the ability to create revenue streams from the TMA to support the concepts
and components inside the TMA. At some point the TMA would be self-
supporting. She had difficulty understanding why a City employee waiting
for a parking permit at the Civic Center could not obtain a Go Pass and
remove his name from the waiting list.

Council Member Scharff could accept a trial period of nine months to
evaluate participation in a Go Pass program. If the City offered Go Passes to
all employees, then Staff should consider employees who worked past the
last train departure. Employees could be given three months to determine
whether they liked using the Go Pass, then the trial period could move into
the next six-month phase. He asked if there was a waiting list for the Civic
Center garage.



02/24/2014                                                            114- 336
