                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired whether the trench would be open.

Mr. Canepa answered yes.

Council Member Klein heard a number of suggestions to build things over
the trench to recoup some costs. He asked if that was possible with an open
trench.

Mr. Canepa clarified that any covering could only span 1,000 feet without
having a 200 or 250-foot opening. At the 1,000-foot threshold, mechanical
ventilation or a study to prove airflow was sufficient would be needed. That
would be difficult for the depth of the trench. Noise and vibration would
affect anything constructed over the trench.

Council Member Klein inquired about the cost for a covered trench.

Mr. Canepa did not look at that and did not have a range of cost.

Council Member Klein asked if the cost could be twice as much.

Mr. Canepa did not know.

Council Member Klein noted a 2-percent grade alternative would require a
design exception, and asked who would determine whether a 2-percent
grade alternative would be acceptable.

Mr. Canepa reported the Joint Powers Board (JPB) owned the right-of-way,
and Union Pacific Railroad (UPR) held track rights.

Council Member Klein asked if the Caltrain Board was the final authority.

Mr. Canepa indicated it would make the final determination.

Council Member Klein asked if any other authority had input into the
decision.

Mr. Canepa advised that UPR and possibly FRA would have input.

Council Member Klein requested Mr. Canepa's professional opinion as to
whether the Caltrain Board was likely to approve a 2-percent grade
alternative.

Mr. Canepa explained that a 2-percent grade was difficult for freight. If UPR
had to run additional locomotives because of the grade, then it might not
agree to a 2-percent grade.


                                                                          Page 16 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
