Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff would not be proposing a two-year process if
they had not spent the prior six years reviewing the Comprehensive Plan.
Staff would learn what they could from the past processes. She hoped the
Council would support the concept of intensive community engagement work
to bring a long process to a conclusion.

Council Member Burt felt the proposal was not complete. Staff committed to
reviewing the prior processes, and he assumed that would not be a hollow
review. If Staff learned information that would change their thinking about
the process, then they would return to the Council.

Council Member Berman was looking forward to reviewing the California
Avenue Concept Area Plan.        The Council should review the P&TC
recommendations regarding the Comprehensive Plan rather than reviewing
anew the existing Comprehensive Plan.        He was concerned that the
Community Leadership Group would not contain people aged 20-44. He
suggested Staff consider some at-large spots to include people outside the
mainstream. The new Comprehensive Plan was proposed to sunset in 2030.
Because of the length of time needed to revise the Comprehensive Plan,
perhaps Staff should note work on a future revision should begin in 2025 or
change the sunset date to 2028. He recommended Staff review thoroughly
and comprehensively any and all baseline data.

Mayor Shepherd was not interested in a Council Member participating in the
Community Leadership Group, because they could influence the group's
report. Working with groups that had stronger contact lists would be more
effective than Staff's proposal.

Ms. Stump indicated the composition of the Community Leadership Group
was an illustration provided by Staff. The various Board Members listed
would most likely not be a part of the group. The Community Leadership
Group would focus on citizens.

Mayor Shepherd suggested Staff include a representative from Safe Routes
to School. Reaching the family demographic would be difficult. She wanted
to make community engagement palatable to individuals so they would
provide input. Website information should be contemporary and accessible
and topical.

Council Member Holman proposed a change to the Motion to direct Staff to
present the P&TC Comprehensive Plan recommendation to the Council for
comments and recommendations. The current Comprehensive Plan should
be the basis.


                                                                     Page 24 of 27
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 03/17/14
