                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Price recalled that the PAUSD Board had voted to contribute
$50,000 annually to the shuttle program; however, budget constraints
eliminated that funding.

Council Member Scharff commented that the proposal for the trolley did not
contain many details, and asked if Staff would present details should the
Council approve trial service.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes. Staff received good recommendations from
Fehr & Peers regarding the trolley route, and would present information
regarding the proposed service. Staff wished to obtain Council comments
regarding recommendations from the report. Staff was not requesting
direction to implement any programs or changes.

Council Member Scharff suggested a shuttle resembling a San Francisco
trolley would be fun and weekend service would be more successful than
weekday service. Those were the types of details he wanted.

Mr. Crosley advised that the initial Staff recommendation was to operate a
shuttle during lunch hours in the summertime. Fehr & Peers suggested Staff
consider a holiday shuttle in addition to the summer shuttle. It could
operate midday during December, on weekends, or evening periods. Staff
needed to identify the areas of greatest demand for such a shuttle. A
second option to the summer program would be a holiday program.

Council Member Scharff asked about reasons for operating during lunch
hours.

Mr. Rodriguez wanted to utilize a trolley resembling a cable car during a
season that would be attractive to riders.

Council Member Scharff clarified that his concern was the time of day rather
than season of the year.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that discussions with Stanford Shopping Center
representatives raised their interest in building a lunchtime crowd. A trial
period of one month with service seven days a week could determine
demand in order to present a recommendation to the Council.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff sought Council direction to
contact businesses regarding financial contributions to the proposed west
route.

Mr. Rodriguez replied yes.


                                                                        Page 7 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes10/27/14
