                             MINUTES
behind. She would enthusiastically support the Amendment. She asked if
the HRC would determine the use of Reserve funds.

Council Member Berman clarified that the Council could utilize Reserve funds
rather than decreasing funding for HSRAP. His goal was to establish a
Reserve Fund and begin funding it; not to fully fund a Reserve Fund at 18
1/2 percent. He hoped in prosperous years, the Council would contribute
additional funds to the Reserve Fund.

Council Member Price inquired whether the authority to utilize the Reserve
Fund was strictly within the auspices of the City Council or in partnership
with recommendations of the HRC.

Council Member Berman indicated utilization of the Reserve Fund was strictly
within the auspices of the City Council. Within Budget hearings, the Council
could discuss utilizing Reserve funds to make up funding shortfalls.

Council Member Price felt $50,000 was an extremely small amount.

Council Member Berman hoped the Council would not have to utilize the
Reserve for a while.

Council Member Klein would not support the Amendment as it was fiscally
irresponsible. Funding charities was not one of the City's main purposes.
Increasing funding for HSRAP was inconsistent with the City's main
obligations and would be make union negotiations more difficult. He clarified
that PACCC and Avenidas were eligible to participate in the additional
funding, but he did not believe the HRC would provide them with funding.

Vice Mayor Kniss was sure the HRC would agree to consider PACCC and
Avenidas.

Council Member Klein reported the HRC had not been good to PACCC and
Avenidas historically. He did not believe future Council Members would
honor the Reserve if funding was needed elsewhere.       The process to
consider and allocate $68,000 incurred a high administrative cost. The
Amendment was bad fiscal policy and sent the wrong message to
constituents.

Council Member Schmid enthusiastically endorsed the Amendment. He
interpreted the Amendment to mean the HRC had discretion to allocate the
$68,000 amount.


                                                                       Page 22 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 06/09/14
