                      FINAL MINUTES
public financing option and the private financing option. Staff requested the
Council direct Staff to proceed on parallel tracks with public and private
financing and to draft scopes of work and evaluation criteria for RFPs
addressing public financing and private financing. Staff would present the
draft scopes of work and evaluation criteria for both RFPs to the Council for
review prior to releasing them.

Robert Moss suggested the Council delay discussion of a parking garage for
six months. An RPP Program in Downtown North would alter spillover
parking. Implementation of RPP Programs in other neighborhoods would
again alter spillover parking. A previous attempt to charge for parking in
Downtown destroyed the economic vitality of the area. Implementing paid
parking would reduce parking demand, because no one would visit
Downtown. A garage should not be combined with other uses.

Arthur Keller questioned whether      valet parking facilities were compatible
with a driver wanting to charge his   electric vehicle. Perhaps there could be a
collaborative effort involving Lot    E and adjacent private parking lots to
create a larger structure and share   parking spaces.

Faith Bell viewed proposals as a land grab. The City should not relinquish
control of property. Parking facilities combined with other uses would
increase demand for parking rather than decrease it. She encouraged the
Council to reject proposals involving public-private partnerships.   Local
businesses had paid for customer parking spaces in garages through
assessment districts.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain and Peninsula Transportation Alternatives,
suggested the Council obtain an update on the TMA timeframe and potential
parking demand decrease before committing resources to constructing
parking garages. Charging for on-street parking was a sensitive community
issue and would need substantial vetting with business and residential
stakeholders.

Tom DuBois inquired whether the goal of parking garages was to address
parking in residential areas or to offset new development. He would favor
the public alternative.

Jeff Levinsky concurred with Ms. Bell's comments. Public funds should not
be used to solve the parking problems of private companies. Private
businesses should buy the land and erect parking garages. He urged the
Council to deny the proposals.

Council Member Scharff reported the Council promised to build two garages
if residents approved the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) increase. He
                                                                            Page 23 of 35
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 10/20/14
