                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein questioned whether the community received a future
benefit for a historic Category upgrade.

Ms. Gitelman felt the purpose was to offer an incentive by making
rehabilitation projects more feasible, which conferred the value. Without the
TDR, the value was not applied to the rehabilitation and it was less likely
that the rehabilitation would occur.

Council Member Klein inquired about the Centennial Plaques on Centennial
Way, and did not see any mention of the rights to have the Plaques on that
wall. He recalled some type of license or easement in 1993 or 1994.

Ms. Campbell said the applicant proposed retaining three of the Plaques, and
moving the remaining three to the University Avenue side of the building.
The Plaques were not public art and there was no mode of regulating them.

Council Member Klein did not recall the agreement of the Plaques.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney said there was no research done
regarding an existing license agreement or a lease agreement for the
replacement for the Plaques.

Ms. Gitelman added that the applicant proposed maintaining all Plaques,
even though some would be relocated.

Council Member Klein questioned whether that was in the interest of the
City.

Roxy Rapp noted that if the project was approved, there was going to be
documentation that ensured the Plaques remained for the life of the
building. The President Hotel was identical to the proposed building, but
improvements were not made for persons with disabilities and it was not
brought up to earthquake standards. He proposed bringing this project up
to earthquake standards and making all bathrooms accessible to persons
with disabilities; he emphasized life-safety.

Council Member Klein explained that there was usually never one way to
read an Ordinance or a law. He thought Staff misread this Ordinance and
said understanding what the drafter of the Ordinance meant was the key:
“the proposal should not increase in height, length, building envelope, or any
other increase in the size.


06/23/2014                                                       115- 203
