                              MINUTES
A Notice of Preparation (NOP) was issued on January 31, 2013, to which the
City of Palo Alto responded in March 2013. Caltrain released its Draft
Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) in February 2014, and comments were
due by April 29, 2014. Staff anticipated the Final Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) would be released in the fall of 2014 with certification in the
winter. California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) requirements included
identification of an environmental baseline; analysis of direct, indirect and
cumulative impacts; comparison of impacts to significant criteria;
identification of feasible mitigation for significant impacts; consideration of
alternatives; and review of reasonable worst-case assumptions. Goals of the
project were to improve Caltrain system performance; increase service;
reduce fuel costs; reduce environmental impacts; and create a system
compatible with the blended system. Key project benefits were improved air
quality, increased service and capacity, and reduced regional traffic
congestion. Project concerns were tree removal, impacts of catenary wire
installation, electromagnetic fields, and local traffic impacts. The City's NOP
letter identified 19 areas for additional analysis. The proposed EIR letter
identified seven areas for additional analysis: impacts on local traffic,
catenary wire installation, pedestrian accessibility, ridership estimates and
Caltrain service impacts, construction impacts, visual impact of Paralleling
Station 5 (PS5), and impacts on historic resources. As stated in the DEIR,
utilization of Electric Multiple Units (EMU) was not recommended because
they did not meet the project purpose of providing electrical infrastructure
compatible with High Speed Rail (HSR); and the environmental
improvements and operational improvements of EMUs were not as great
those of an electrified system.       The DEIR indicated longer trains and
platforms provided increased capacity, but did not meet the project purpose
of providing increased service. Project benefits and impacts should be
weighed in the context of the Palo Alto Corridor as a whole. Comments
should be focused on items the City needed to address in the Final EIR.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, suggested electrification of Caltrain could
provide additional service in the California Avenue area. The City's plans for
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Programs and reduction of
vehicle trips depended heavily on increased Caltrain service and capacity.
With electrification, longer platforms would enable significantly greater
capacity. She concurred with the suggestion to have a mitigation fund
related to grade separations.

Sven Theisen suggested the letter contain language at the beginning
indicating the City supported electrification of Caltrain as quickly as possible.
Electrification of Caltrain would reduce Palo Alto's carbon footprint.



04/21/2014                                                              114- 500
