                              MINUTES

Council took a break from 6:50 P.M. to 7:00 P.M.

25.   PUBLIC HEARING: City Council Review and Consideration of a
      Proposed Reclassification from a Category 3 Historic Resource to a
      Category 2 Historic Resource and an Architectural Review Application
      for the Historic Rehabilitation Project Located at 261 Hamilton Avenue
      that would Generate 15,000 Square Feet of Transferable Development
      Rights for Off-Site Development. The Rehabilitation Project Includes
      Renovations to the Existing Building And Relocation of Floor Area to
      Make A 5,910 Square Foot Addition at the Rear of the Building.
      Environmental Assessment: Exempt from the California Environmental
      Quality Act per Sections 15331 Historical Resource Rehabilitation and
      15301 Existing Facilities.

Mayor Shepherd recapped Staff’s recommendation and said this Item was
quasi-judicial and required Council to disclose any information known to
them that was outside the public record.

Council Member Berman met with Doria Summa and Jeff Levinsky but did
not learn anything outside the public record.

Council Member Scharff spoke with Annette Glanckopf but did not learn
anything outside the public record.

Council Member Holman talked with Doria Summa and Jeff Levinsky and
learned that Encina, California was a neighborhood.

Mayor Shepherd clarified Encina was listed as a town in the Staff Report.

Council Member Holman said it was implicated as a town.

Council Member Schmid met with Jeff Levinsky and Doria Summa; the
conversation did not include anything that was not in the public record.

Council Member Burt met with Doria Summa and Jeff Levinsky and did not
learn anything outside public record.


Mayor Shepherd said 261 Hamilton Avenue related to the renovation of a
historic building and the applicant’s request to reclassify this historic building
from a Category Three to Category Two building to gain Transferrable
Development Rights (TDR).


06/23/2014                                                           115- 196
