                            MINUTES
The draft Plan would increase commercial as much or more than housing,
while decreasing retail at both the Fry's site and automotive sites. He did
not agree with a technology overlay on top of the automotive overlay. Along
the entire technology overlay the FAR would be 1.5, and the Fry's site would
have a 2.0 FAR. Those were major up-zonings without real consideration.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would return to the Council quickly with accurate
FARs.

Council Member Burt requested Staff confirm zoning for the technology
overlay as light industrial or general manufacturing and the FAR for each
designation. FARs were not provided for many of the designations. There
was not sufficient time for him to address his many concerns regarding
Staff's responses to written questions.

Council Member Scharff could not identify areas where a ground-floor retail
requirement would apply. He suggested Staff require a certain percentage
of ground-floor retail on the Fry's site as ground-floor retail created a
walkable and service feeling.     He agreed with Council Member Klein
regarding the jobs/housing imbalance; however, the issue was getting
people out of their cars. Anecdotal evidence seemed to indicate people
rented homes near a Caltrain station or near their work. To address the
issue, the Council should consider making a portion of the area rental
housing.     Regarding a technology corridor with a focus on start-up
businesses, the Council should consider limiting the amount of office space
available for businesses. One large office building would be occupied by one
large company rather than several small start-ups.         He asked if the
technology corridor would have significant up-zoning.

Ms. Gitelman reported there was an increase in FAR along the technology
corridor.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd to
authorize Staff to submit an application for a priority Development Area
Grant to the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority for the preparation
of a Master Plan of the Fry’s property.

Mayor Shepherd announced remaining Council Members could provide
comment before discussion of the Motion.

Council Member Berman felt the City needed more housing, and the
California Avenue area was ideal for additional housing. The Plan contained
two priorities: safety on Park Boulevard for bicyclists and pedestrians and
maintaining the small-town feel of the business district.

04/21/2014                                                          114- 494
