                             MINUTES
He concurred that maximum Floor Area Ratio (FAR) was essentially equated
to minimum FAR. The City could not limit a developer to anything less than
the maximum. The Comprehensive Plan should have a policy for FAR. The
California Avenue area needed a concept plan. He recommended the Council
agendize a follow-up discussion to remove FAR recommendations from the
Area Concept Plan and to defer recommendations to a specific plan.

Council Member Berman agreed with Council Member Holman regarding
diversity, particularly socioeconomic diversity. Socioeconomic diversity
should be included in public engagement. He was pleased to see an
emphasis on data and data collection. A strong data infrastructure was
incredibly important.    Another topic for community discussion was the
housing imbalance. Strategic intelligent growth could benefit the City.
Residents should remember that development in other cities affected Palo
Alto. He inquired whether the Downtown CAP Study would be a part of the
Comprehensive Plan discussion.

Ms. Gitelman intended to discuss it as part of the process.

Council Member Scharff felt some components of the document were too
prescriptive.   For instance, the energy policy indicated the City would
participate in cost-effective programs offered by Northern California Power
Agency (NCPA). The City chose not to participate in NCPA programs on
several occasions, because NCPA programs reduced the City's renewable
energy portfolio.     Another concern was the instruction to "maximize."
Maximizing programs was not always feasible or desirable. The document
implied that growth would continue and quality of life would decrease
slightly. Diversity of retail businesses could be accomplished by increasing
retail throughout the area so that marginal retail sites allowed smaller
businesses to thrive. He wanted a resident-centered concept focused on
livability and improved quality of life. He wanted to know the P&TC's
rationale for including some statements. It was a mistake to even consider
the jobs-housing imbalance, because additional housing units would not
improve the quality of life. The jobs-housing imbalance should not be part
of the conversation. He agreed with the policy to have diverse housing
types; however, the effect on the community should be considered.

Council Member Price wanted to know how Staff would incorporate into the
document existing conditions, changes from the existing Comprehensive
Plan, and implications of forums. The issue of growth management and
alternative scenarios was critical. The document should contain the financial
implications for the various types of land use scenarios.



05/05/2014                                                           114- 564
