                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman inquired about consequences of not updating the
Comprehensive Plan.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the Council could do that for a period of time. As
the end date of 2010 receded, the Council's land use decision making ability
could be impaired or challenged.

Council Member Berman asked if there could be legal vulnerabilities.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes. In general, the State advised local jurisdictions to
update Comprehensive Plans every ten years.

Council Member Berman did not understand the apprehension about the
proposed scenarios. He questioned whether the scenarios were sufficiently
broad.    Council Members had not commented regarding changing the
scenarios. Current policies made it impossible for Palo Alto to be an
inclusive and diverse community. As people were priced out of the housing
market, more workers would commute into Palo Alto which created
greenhouse gas emissions and traffic and parking issues. Quality of life
should be an important consideration in Council decisions.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to continue this item and to direct Staff to return as soon as
possible with: 1) a menu and present a work plan for studies underway with
respect to traffic, parking, and zoning for Council review; 2) suggestions on
a revised breadth and scope of the Comprehensive Plan update; 3) baseline
data regarding environmental issues to be considered in the Environmental
Impact Report (EIR); and 4) Staff to schedule a study session for Council to
consider options for potential changes to the commercial portions of the
Zoning Code and Zoning Map.

Mayor Shepherd requested clarification of data.

Council Member Klein indicated Staff should determine the data.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff comment regarding data.

Mr. Keene would need more direction and clarity. A revised scoping process
provided some flexibility for Staff to divine modifications the Council and
public could want. Identifying which data to pursue was different from using
data to identify the scope of alternatives for consideration.

Ms. Gitelman had trouble understanding the data component, because some
Council Members talked about data that could only be generated from the
impact analysis. She questioned whether Staff should lower the priority of

                                                                         Page 17 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes 08/06/14
