                             MINUTES

INTER-GOVERNMENTAL LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS DISCUSSION AND ACTION

16.   Resolution 9407 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto in support of Measure AA (Midpeninsula Regional Open Space
      Bond).”

Yoriko Kishimoto, former Palo Alto Mayor and Midpeninsula Regional Open
Space District Director, reviewed the Mission and the history of the
Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District (District). The District acquired
62,000 acres and opened and operated 220 miles of trails. Public comments
indicated they wanted more public access, more open space, and more
restoration. Proposed projects in and around Palo Alto included: work on the
Bay trail; improvement projects at Windy Hill; restoration and improvement
of Alpine Road as a trail; construction of a welcome center; and improved
transit access at Rancho San Antonio. Measure AA sought authorization for
the District to issue up to $300 million in Bonds over the next few decades.
The impact on the taxpayer would not exceed $3.18 per year per $100,000
of assessed value.

Council Member Holman noted the project would affect Palo Alto because it
supported corridors for wildlife.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to adopt the Resolution in support of Measure AA on the June 3, 2014
ballot.

Council Member Holman noted many Council Members had supported
Measure AA individually.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

17.   Discussion and Approval of Caltrain Draft Environmental Impact Report
      Comment Letter.

Richard     Hackmann,      Management     Analyst,   reported   the    Caltrain
Electrification Project (Project) was proposed via overhead contact system or
catenary wires. The Project proposed to increase the number of trains from
five to six per peak hour per direction and to restore service at the Atherton
and Broadway Stations. The trains would continue to travel at speeds of up
to 79 miles per hour.




04/21/2014                                                             114- 499
