                             MINUTES
Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, advised that State law was moving away
from level of service; therefore, the main CEQA metric would most likely be
vehicle miles traveled per capita. Vision Zero was not a policy but could be
used as a vision overlay of scenarios. Vision Zero could be used to increase
the mix of uses to decrease vehicle trips.

Elaine Uang hoped the Downtown and California Avenue areas remained
socially vibrant and intellectually stimulating in 2030. She hoped El Camino
Real would become a pedestrian mall that was safe, beautiful, and filled with
interesting activities. She hoped her children had access to safe and
convenient transportation options.

Neilson Buchanan felt the City could move from the stasis by engaging in a
creative scenario planning process. Younger adults requested relief from
housing costs. If there was a way to decrease rental and housing prices,
then that scenario should be explored. More scenario planning should occur
prior to consideration of adopting a new Comprehensive Plan.

Sea Reddy wanted to retain the current Comprehensive Plan. Transportation
issues could be resolved by studying transportation in other cities.

Monica Yeung Arima indicated parking was a prime issue. A study found
that neighborhood parking was 100 percent occupied during the week. The
Comprehensive Plan should address parking. She supported high density
and affordable housing. High rise buildings could accommodate that.

Stephanie Munoz recalled Council Member Klein's presentation regarding the
transformation of Palo Alto from a model town. Zero growth was a good
idea, because the City had too much office space. Stanford University
needed to supply housing for its workers.

Council Member Klein noted Ms. Munoz did not accurately describe his
presentation.

Doria Summa suggested the Council remain up-to-date with the Housing
Element as required by law and make only minor changes to the existing
Comprehensive Plan. The scenarios did not fully represent the wishes of
residents, and were vague and premature. The Council should protect the
residential experience for all residents.

Tim Gray stated the Council should begin with an inventory of housing
opportunities provided by the existing Comprehensive Plan.      Increased
density provided new value to real property. That new value should be
returned to the community rather than gifted to the landowner. New offices
which created jobs should be responsible for creating new housing. New
housing should designate funds for schools and infrastructure.
                                                                       Page 20 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/04/14
