                             MINUTES
Reducing the FAR could be problematic from an economic development
standpoint. She inquired whether the proposed outreach budget included
additional outreach efforts outlined in the Staff Report.

Ms. Gitelman reported PlaceWorks would perform the majority of the
outreach related to the Comprehensive Plan. If the Council approved the
contract with Flint Strategies, Flint Strategies would handle other Our Palo
Alto events and activities.

Council Member Price asked if the proposed budget would cover the
additional outreach.

Ms. Gitelman felt the six recommendations could be accomplished within the
scope and budget allocated for the Comprehensive Plan Update. If more
items were added or the timeframe extended, Staff would need to
reevaluate the budget.

Council Member Burt explained that two questions could result from the
Council wishing to substantially change the pace of development prior to the
completion of the Comprehensive Plan and Zoning Ordinance updates. The
first question was which changes to density and use listed in Attachment A
could be implemented without triggering the need for a new EIR. The
second question was could a growth management program be implemented
on an interim basis while completing the Comprehensive Plan and zoning
updates.

Ms. Gitelman wanted to consult with the City Attorney and respond to the
second question on November 17. An interim Ordinance would require Staff
to make particular findings. With respect to the first question, any one
change probably would not create impacts that would trigger an EIR. The
concern was whether collective changes would diminish the attractiveness of
one type of development and, therefore, stimulate another. Changes in
density could be comfortably paired with the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Council Member Burt was concerned that the Staff proposal would not go as
far as he would like in the next two years. Staff did not indicate the amount
of change or which changes could be problematic. The Council would need
some meaningful guidance as to changes that could be made without
triggering an EIR.

Ms. Gitelman provided a professional recommendation to pair the collective
group and include them in the Comprehensive Plan Update, because they
were clearly defensible and clearly provided an opportunity for community
input.


11/03/2014                                                            116- 42
