                     FINAL MINUTES
inquired whether the Amendment could include other pages, perhaps
selected by Staff in order for the Council to hold a general discussion when
Staff returned.

Council Member Holman noted the two pages referenced building design.
Staff could identify other pages to bring forward.

Council Member Burt suggested the Amendment state "and any other
Guidelines that Staff deems important to include." The Council was not
directing Staff to review each Guideline.

Council Member Schmid felt some elements were questionable. It was
important for Staff to have some discretion in reviewing the Guidelines. A
number of other elements in the Design Guidelines were important. Staff
should be able to identify those Guidelines to present to the Council.

Council Member Klein remarked that most of the Guidelines were in place.
To the extent Staff thought it was necessary to have more standards, they
would have brought that forth as part of the Comprehensive Plan process.
Adopting the Amendment would set a bad precedent from process and
workload standpoints.

Council Member Price concurred with Council Member Klein's comments.
The issue was the added value of the Amendment. She assumed this type
of discussion would occur in the Comprehensive Plan Update. Also she
assumed Staff incorporated the South El Camino Design Guidelines in the
analysis and review of projects. She would not support the Amendment.

Vice Mayor Kniss was convinced from Staff that Guidelines were incorporated
in the Ordinance.

Council Member Berman was not inclined to support the Amendment. If the
Amendment directed review of only the two sections, then he would support
it. Staff should not place a high priority on the direction. He was not
interested in Staff or the Council reviewing all the Guidelines.

Council Members Burt and Holman agreed to delete "and any other
Guidelines that staff deems important to include."

Council Member Scharff concurred with Council Member Berman regarding
priority for Staff. He suggested the Amendment direct Staff to return with
recommendations prior to completion of the Comprehensive Plan Update.


                                                                         Page 21 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
