                             MINUTES
The first traditional planning workshop was scheduled for May 29, 2014 with
subsequent meetings scheduled in mid- and late-June. One public hearing
would occur at a Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) meeting in
July. In August the Council would discuss community input and hopefully
provide Staff with direction on how to proceed with the draft Comprehensive
Plan and Environmental Impact Report (EIR) phase. Staff requested Council
comment regarding the Community Engagement Plan and composition of the
Community Leadership Group.

Lois Salo wanted the City to obtain State and Federal funding to buy the
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park property and to build a homeless shelter.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled Council Members submitted names as a
consideration for the leadership group in 1992. Staff could consider that for
the proposed group.

James Keene, City Manager, encouraged the Council to submit names and to
urge folks to apply. The concept for the Community Leadership Group was
to focus on a robust engagement effort.

Vice Mayor Kniss indicated participation in the group would require a big
commitment.

Council Member Price asked if Staff would consider cultural, ethnic, age, and
socioeconomic diversity within the group. The group needed to represent a
broad range of individuals. She suggested Staff consider naming alternates
for the group in case members had to leave the group. She asked if current
Board and Commission members could be considered for the group.

Ms. Gitelman accepted Council Member Price's suggestions regarding
diversity and alternates. She wanted to look beyond members of existing
Commissions, Boards, and task groups in an attempt to involve more
people. Applications would determine whether Staff could meet those goals.

Council Member Price requested a deadline for the Council to submit names
for consideration.

Ms. Gitelman could disseminate an application form with a deadline towards
the end of May 2014.




05/05/2014                                                           114- 581
