Ms. Gitelman would need to review the Colleague's Memo regarding retail
retention. Staff would return to the Council in April or May 2014 with a
proposed Ordinance regarding sidewalk widths.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff would have sufficient information
after only four to five months of community engagement and scoping to
prepare a draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR).

Ms. Gitelman deferred a response until March 3, 2013, when Staff would
present a detailed discussion of the Comprehensive Plan process.

Council Member Holman wished to ensure Staff included greenhouse gas
evaluations as part of the baseline data reports and dissemination of
environmental analysis, because the City needed that data for planning and
communications with State Legislators. The section regarding the draft EIR
with mitigation strategies seemed to assume mitigations as opposed to
avoiding impacts.

Council Member Burt felt a great deal of work was necessary for a successful
initiative. The initiative was aimed primarily at the under-40 group; yet,
they would be the least involved and influential group. The City struggled to
draw Asian ethnic groups into community dialog. He recalled that the
Comprehensive Plan Advisory Committee and the SOFA Committee utilized
subcommittees to focus on specific issues and provide outreach to the
community. Staff should interview members of the two groups with respect
to committee structure and successful outreach efforts. The City needed to
educate the community in order for the community to make informed
decisions. Regarding the title "A Conversation About the City's Future," he
recommended the Council consider whether it was just a conversation or
more than a conversation. The initiative concerned the physical City,
primarily the built environment and transportation. He did not find anything
in the Staff Report concerning less visible elements such as youth well being,
senior services, utilities, environmental policies, parks and community
facilities, and emergency preparedness.         Staff should ensure that a
discussion of the built environment also educated residents about the most
visible part of the community.

Council Member Scharff believed the initiative would be a community
conversation and action regarding the built environment. He liked the
inclusion of timelines for action. He inquired whether housing-related
actions were separate and apart from the Housing Element or about the
Housing Element.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the housing-related action referred to the
Housing Element update.
                                                                        Page 12 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/03/14
