                             MINUTES
Ms. Grider confirmed the approval of the Resolution to accept the Secretary
of States lottery was on the August 4th tentative agenda.

Council Member Scharff shared his concern with the combining of the two
initiatives. If the reduction of Council seats failed the lottery would fail as
well. If the Resolution was approved after the voters spoke, it may appear
as though the Council was not abiding by the vote. He believed the lottery
should be a separate Measure or not done at all.

Council Member Price decided not to support the Motion after hearing from
her Colleagues.

MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Kniss, Shepherd yes

Ms. Stump stated it was good drafting practice when amending the Charter
to remove obsolete transitional provisions. There were two sentences: 1) the
terms of Council Members who took office on July 1, 1977 shall expire on
December 31, 1981 and 2) Terms of office commenced before January 1,
1992 shall not be counted when determining eligibility under this section.
Neither of the sentences had relativity and she suggested removing them.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to direct the City Attorney to remove the below obsolete sentences
in the Charter, Section 2- Number- Term Limits- The terms of council
members who took office on July 1, 1977, shall expire on December 31,
1981. Commencing January 1, 1992, no person shall be eligible to serve
consecutively in more than two full terms of office as a member of the
council. Any partial term of office longer than two years shall be deemed a
full term. Terms of office commenced before January 1, 1992, shall not be
counted when determining eligibility under this section.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Schmid left the meeting at 10:40 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to hear Agenda Item Number 23 prior to Agenda Item Number 22.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Schmid absent

23.   Public Hearing: Recommend Adoption of an Ordinance Requiring All
      New Multi-Family Residential and Non-Residential Construction to
      Provide for Current or Future Installation of EV Chargers.


06/16/2014                                                             115- 174
