                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman noted Attachment I provided a status of the Health Risk
Assessment recommendations that fell within the City's purview. The risk
assessment laid groundwork for further consideration of zoning revisions and
amortization. At Council direction, Staff surveyed other jurisdictions but did
not find an Ordinance comparable to these circumstances. However, Staff
learned definitions of uses and methods to establish buffer zones between
uses and residential areas.        Staff reviewed the City's current zoning
regulations and summarized different aspects of zoning regulations. The
Code specified the uses generally permitted in Office, Research and
Manufacturing Districts.       Conditional Use requirements for hazardous
materials uses above Title 19 thresholds and the 300-foot buffer instituted
for any new use above those thresholds was summarized in the Staff Report.
Staff reviewed the mapped landscape buffer included on the Zoning Maps as
a means to deal with the question of a buffer. The Staff Report also included
information about rules governing legal and nonconforming uses and
Building and Fire Code provisions. Staff identified three possible approaches
to zoning. The three approaches assumed the City would adopt a Zoning
Ordinance consistent with the Comprehensive Plan and expand the
landscape buffer adjacent to the site. Using Fire or Building Code definitions
would not be a practical strategy. The concept of defining plating shops as a
permitted use within Manufacturing Zones except within a specified buffer
distance of residential districts received the most attention. The Council
would need to determine the appropriate buffer distance. A buffer distance
of 100 feet would be appropriate in the first scenario. Other jurisdictions
used a 500-foot buffer. The City's Ordinance contained a buffer distance of
300+ feet. In the third scenario, 616 feet would be an appropriate buffer
distance. The common concept was to create a regime in which the current
use would be legal and nonconforming.           That raised the question of
amortization. The law allowed nonconforming uses to be phased out over
time provided there was a reasonable amortization period commensurate
with the investment. The amortization period was calculated based on the
value of the investment, not on the date of adoption of the Ordinance. In
2011 the City had a consultant study the value of the investment assuming
that a portion of CPI's facility would become nonconforming and have to be
relocated. The study assumed the plating shop and the storage area would
have to be relocated.       The following year, CPI conducted a study of
amortizing the entire facility, which indicated it would not be practical or
feasible to relocate a portion of the facility. Staff wished to retain a
consultant to review both studies and to determine if additional plating
shops would be affected by the distance selected in the proposed Zoning
Ordinance.     Supplemental materials provided to the Council included
AECOM's review of a seismic memorandum prepared by CPI's consultant, the
PowerPoint presentation, and questions raised at a neighborhood meeting

                                                                        Page 22 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 10/06/14
