                            MINUTES
was not sufficient.  Number 3 concerned a gap between studies and
mitigations outside the Comprehensive Plan. That could be a huge
undertaking.

Council Member Klein proposed "Staff would return with a proposal for
review of potential changes in the Zoning Code and Zoning Map."

Council Member Burt asked on what Staff would base a proposal without the
Council having discussed it.

Council Member Klein asked on what the Council would base its discussion.

Council Member Burt answered some of the Council's concepts. The Council
could provide conceptual direction to Staff, who would return with details.

Council Member Klein commented that that was not the usual process. The
Council usually worked from Staff input. The proposed language did not
contain Staff input.

Council Member Burt wanted to try to accomplish a discussion around the
topic.

Council Member Klein concurred with holding a discussion but wanted some
framework for the discussion. Staff's role was to provide framework.

Council Member Burt offered "Staff to return with a framework of options."

Ms. Gitelman indicated that would be a significant body of work that could
require six months.

Council Member Burt stated the Council could give more narrow guidance
regarding Zoning Code changes that Staff could refine and present to the
Council at a subsequent meeting.

Council Member Klein felt the language was not a six-month assignment.
Staff should provide a framework of options from which the Council could
choose.

Council Member Burt advised that the discussion could be focused rather
than open-ended. The language should indicate that the Council would hold
a discussion and provide narrow direction to Staff.

Council Member Klein was not agreeable to the proposed language. He
asked what information would be contained in the packet for public
comment.

                                                                       Page 19 of 25
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes 08/06/14
