                             MINUTES
Nicole Byer indicated James Smailey wanted the project to succeed. There
was no reason for the Council not to approve the project.

Brian Spiers, College Terrace Centre, did not want the space to remain
vacant. A successful grocery store was critical to financing of the entire
project. The entire project included eight Below-Market-Rate units as well
as the grocery store. The City placed many requirements to ensure the
space remained a grocery store.

David Sterlace, College Terrace Centre, was dedicated to providing a quality
product for the City. He supported James Smailey as the grocery store
operator.

Alice Oeschger advised that the consultant's report indicated College Terrace
Market fulfilled all the requirements. The combination of Smailey/Chavez
was ideal for operating the market. She requested the Council approve the
lease.

Fred Balin read PC Ordinance 5069, Section 4(b). James Smailey, with no
grocery experience, did not meet the condition. Only a lease from the owner
directly to and exclusively for an experienced grocer would satisfy the
condition. The Council needed to direct the Applicant to return with a signed
lease from an experienced grocery tenant that the Council could approve.

Malcolm Slaney urged the Council not to approve the proposed grocery store
operator. The Applicant had not demonstrated a grocery store was viable.

Irina Cross noted the consultant's report endorsed the grocery store as
comparable to JJ&F with Mr. Werness as the operator. The Council should
question Mr. Chavez's work in the past five years.

Robert Phillips recalled the changes in proposed grocery store operators. He
urged the Council to perform due diligence with respect to Mr. Chavez. He
was concerned that the public benefit would not materialize. He thought the
Council should reject the application.

Doria Summa asked the Council not to approve the proposed grocery store
operator. She reviewed changes in the proposed management of the
grocery store since August 2014. Many residents were convinced the
proposal would not succeed. The proposed penalty was insufficient relative
to the financial benefits the Applicant would receive about the 40,000 square
feet of office space.




12/01/2014                                                            116- 150
