Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff had not performed any surveys. Satellite
parking was mentioned in discussion of an RPP Program, and Staff felt it was
worth a trial.

Council Member Burt stated a survey would inform the decision of whether
to try an idea. Staff should perform a survey to determine if there would be
any participation.

Mr. Keene remarked that survey results would shift based on circumstances.
Survey results could differ between the current time and the implementation
of an RPP Program.

Council Member Burt suspected a survey would find weak participation at the
current time. Staff did not mention that the intersection of East Bayshore
Road and Embarcadero Road was already a Level F. Embarcadero Road east
of Faber Place could be better utilized as it was an extremely wide street
with low traffic volume. There could be complications with using the
Baylands Athletic Center parking lot. He asked if the parking lots were
located on parkland.

Mr. Rodriguez did not know.

Council Member Burt encouraged Staff to ensure such a use was permitted.

Mr. Keene commented that Staff was attempting to be prepared for
opportunities as they arose. The Motion was to solicit proposals for design
and review for possible discussion and award. The advantage of soliciting
proposals was that it could determine if satellite parking was inexpensive per
space. Soliciting proposals did not obligate the City to any course of action.

Council Member Burt did not interpret the Staff Report in that light. He
would not support a Motion directing Staff to begin design and
environmental review, but would support the Motion as stated.

Council Member Holman noted that the International School utilized the
Baylands Athletic Center parking lot for pick-up and delivery of children
because of congestion on East Bayshore Road. Construction projects coming
online would create additional traffic along Embarcadero Road.
Implementing satellite parking would transfer traffic impacts from one area
to another, create conflicts, and urbanize Embarcadero Road.

Council Member Klein disagreed that Embarcadero Road would be urbanized.
Embarcadero Road was underutilized. The intersection at East Bayshore
Road was Level F traveling north-south, not east-west. A shuttle would
                                                                        Page 28 of 37
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 2/10/14
