If the Council delayed its decision, it could lose the opportunity of adjusting
other fees at the current time.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Council could carve out the parks fee
and return to it in the future.

Mr. Nathan Perez answered yes. Parks could be omitted at the current time
and the fee would remain the same. DTA could either add new categories or
increase other categories as applicable.

Council Member Scharff reiterated that the parks fee would remain in place
and the Council could review it at a later time.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council typically reviewed DIF every two to four
years. Staff could perform the review more often if the Council directed
them to do so.

Council Member Scharff asked why Cubberley was not included in the needs
list.

Mr. Lalo Perez reported the needs for Cubberley were not fully known.

Council Member Scharff stated the amount for a PSB was not known, and
asked how that discussion was different from Cubberley.

Mr. Lalo Perez explained that the review of DIF had been delayed because of
the number of pending decisions. At the current time, the Council was more
likely to make a decision regarding the PSB than Cubberley. Cubberley
needed a great deal of negotiation and discussion. To include Cubberley in
the needs list, Staff needed a degree of certainty that a project would occur.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the needs list was a vision for the
community through 2035 or simply a list of projects that needed a funding
source. He did not see a consistent methodology.

Mr. Keene commented that the goal was to set a fee that was applied in a
given year to a new construction project. The Council could adjust fees each
year. Nothing precluded the Council from marginally adjusting one area
without reviewing all areas.

Mr. Nathan Perez noted the recommendations considered the total cost per
category. Given the lack of dollars in some categories, DTA determined that
updates could be better discussed at a later time.

Mr. Keene reported the needs list did not contain all definite unfunded
capital needs or community facilities. The Council could set a policy
                                                                         Page 12 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 03/03/14
