                              MINUTES
not sure the City held title. The SLC gave a lease to the County for the
duration of the County's lease from the City. The SLC offered to continue
that process with the City. In order to operate the Airport and to receive
federal grants, the City was required by federal law to have good title to the
property through title or a lease. If the City held a lease, the lease was
required to extend at least 20 years from the date of the last federal grant.
Because three years remained on the lease with the SLC, the current lease
would not be satisfactory to the Federal government unless the City could
prove it held title. The City believed it held title, but could not prove that to
the satisfaction of the Federal government. The SLC was willing to enter
into a new lease for a period of 25 years, which provided the City with time
to resolve the issue. If the survey determined the City held fee title, the
SLC lease would terminate and the issue would be resolved. If the City did
not hold title, the SLC proposed to enter into a new lease that would give
the City satisfactory title for purposes of federal grant assurances.

Council Member Klein asked if the City would have control of the Airport
property for the foreseeable future either through lease or fee ownership.

Mr. Kirsch responded yes.

Council Member Klein asked if this issue would affect the City's claim to
other property in the Baylands.

Mr. Kirsch indicated the SLC believed it owned more property than just that
in dispute at the Airport. If the survey provided additional information, it
would be useful for the City's claim to other property. The focus was on the
boundaries of the Airport.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
adopt:

   1. Resolution, incorporating the Council’s explicit approval of: (A) the
      Termination Assignment and Assumption Agreement between the City
      and the County, regarding the transfer of sponsorship, management
      and control of the Palo Alto Airport to the City; (B) the Federal
      Obligations Assignment and Assumption Agreement among the City,
      County and the Federal Aviation Administration, regarding the City’s
      assumption of the County’s outstanding federal grant agreement
      assurances and obligations pertaining to the Palo Alto Airport; (C) the
      Supplemental Lease Agreement between the City and the FAA,
      regarding the Palo Alto Airport Air Traffic Control Tower lease and
      Operating Agreement; and (D) a new lease (State Lands Commission

                                                                          Page 33 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 08/11/14
