                              MINUTES
Ann Xu spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. She favored a public
hearing for further discussion of the cell tower. The proposed cell tower
posed serious health and safety issues.

Willy Lai spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. He opposed locating the
cell tower in a location close to schools, child care and youth athletic fields.
He urged the Council to remove the item from the Consent Calendar.

Barbara Cooley spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. She did not
support the location of the cell tower. In her own survey of residents, 90
percent of respondents preferred an industrial or commercial location; 75
percent preferred another location.

Kim Amsbaugh, Palo Alto Little League Board Member, spoke regarding
Agenda Item Number 13. She encouraged the Council to approve the CUP.
The ARB, P&TC and the Planning Director and Staff showed that opponents'
arguments were misguided, misinformed and misleading.

John Markevitch spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. He supported
approval of Agenda Item Number 13. Verizon attempted to accommodate
residents' concerns.

Don Amsbaugh, Palo Alto Little League Board Member, spoke regarding
Agenda Item Number 13. He urged the Council to retain the item on the
Consent Calendar. Palo Alto Little League worked with Verizon, City Staff
and Boards, and the community to present the proposal to the Council.
There were no grounds to deny the proposal.

Daryn Reicherter, Palo Alto Little League Board Member, spoke regarding
Agenda Item Number 13. The tower would not change the ball park. The
item should remain on the Consent Calendar.

Mark Priestley spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. Issues raised by
opponents to the cell tower were addressed and resolved. Postponing the
discussion would not benefit anyone.

Kristin Foss, Palo Alto Little League President, spoke regarding Agenda Item
Number 13. The focus of the ball park would not be the cell tower, as
claimed by opponents, but the games being played on the field. She
requested the item remain on the Consent Calendar, so that Palo Alto Little
League Board Members could return to providing baseball to kids.

Helen Li spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. She opposed the
location of the cell tower. She believed Verizon would add more equipment
at a later time. The item deserved a public hearing with the Council.

12/15/2014                                                              116- 238
