                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene clarified that at the August 4, 2014 meeting, Council Members
Holman and Burt and possibly Council Member Schmid requested the item
be agendized. At that time, he stated that Staff would return with an
informational item as the Project was already underway.

Ms. Stump added that the Council was essentially receiving a report.

Council Member Klein inquired about the number of contracts let.

Mr. Keene advised that two contracts had not been let; one for the public art
project totaling $174,000 and one for wayfinding totaling approximately
$307,000.

Council Member Klein believed the Council followed its procedures. Any
large building needed capital investment regularly. City Managers since
construction of City Hall had indicated it was inadequate. All previous
improvement projects for City Hall had been placed on the Consent
Calendar. Projects totaling more than $2.7 million were routinely placed on
the Consent Calendar. Council Members knew the procedure for removing
an item from the Consent Calendar. Approval of the contract was conducted
according to Council procedures.

Council Member Schmid had requested the item be agendized. The City
Manager's review was useful and valuable. A contract totaling $4 million
placed on the Consent Calendar raised questions. The contract was an
investment in the City's future, which was important to him. An item on the
Consent Calendar did not necessarily alert the public to events affecting
them. A $4 million contract concerning the public's property was more
appropriate for an Action Item.

Council Member Burt believed consolidating IT Staff would result in
efficiency. He asked if the City could abandon the space formerly occupied
by IT Staff.

Mr. Keene did not know the term of the lease for the space; however,
Utilities Staff would backfill that space.

Council Member Burt indicated the explanation was informative and useful.
The Project involved primarily upgrades and secondarily maintenance to City
Hall. The City should not only justify projects in and of themselves but also
in relation to other community needs. The Council owed the public a greater
accountability for a project affecting community space.




11/17/2014                                                             116- 131
