Mr. Bobel explained that Staff would request Council authorization to
proceed with design of the dewatering facility, not to build it. Staff would
continue to answer some questions during the design process. Staff would
not present a design to the Council in April 2014.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff would have sufficient time to obtain
needed data during the design process.

Mr. Bobel stated Staff would take sufficient time to design the facility
correctly.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Harvest Power and We Generation
utilized the same technology or proprietary technology.

Mr. Bobel remarked that thermal hydrolysis was a general term, while Cambi
was a proprietary term. Harvest Power could utilize thermal hydrolysis.

Council Member Scharff asked if the second stage of dewatering applied only
to the Cambi process or to any thermal hydrolysis process.

Mr. Whitlock explained that all technologies required a similar dewatering
process prior to thermal hydrolysis.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the process was the same such
that a facility could be designed prior to deciding which technology to
implement.

Mr. Bobel reported Staff would have to determine the technology during the
design process.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the advantages and disadvantages of
rejecting the RFP proposals and issuing another RFP.

Mr. Bobel indicated Staff would return with a timeline. Staff did not analyze
cost and did not address cost in the presentation. Purchasing procedures did
not allow Staff to reveal cost information until negotiations were complete.
Cost information would have an important bearing on whether the Council
wished to proceed with proposals.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff would have cost information by March
or April 2014.



                                                                        Page 7 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
