                      FINAL MINUTES
CLOSED SESSION

2A.   (Former No. 12) CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY-Existing
      Litigation
      Subject: Donald Sipple, et al. v. City of Alameda, et al., Los Angeles
      County Superior Court, Case Number: BC462270
      Subject Authority: Government Code Section 54956.9(a)

The City Council reconvened from the Closed Session at 7:00 P.M.

Mayor Shepherd announced no reportable action.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported Staff was conducting a thorough
review of the work being performed at 1101 Embarcadero Road. Recent
work appeared to fall within the scope of permits issued for landscaping and
HVAC work. The prior week the Architectural Review Board (ARB) conducted
a preliminary review of architectural concepts related to a rezoning proposal
filed in 2011 that would permit 21 new housing units rather than 11 units on
a vacant site on El Camino Real. The applicant agreed to submit to the
prescreening process; although, the project was not subject to prescreening
requirements of the Municipal Code. He felt it was best to steer the
applicant to the Council initially, so that the Council could perhaps take
action on the request before further work was performed. The City made $6
million available from its Housing Trust funds for development of affordable
housing projects.     Interested community organizations and affordable
housing developers were encouraged to apply by the deadline of June 30,
2014. Palo Alto was named one of the top ten best cities for kids by
livability.com.    May 19-23, 2014 was designated Emergency Medical
Services (EMS) Week. Under City law on May 12-14, 2014, an Independent
Hearing Officer took evidence and heard oral testimony and comments from
residents and neighbors regarding the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park closure
application. The Hearing Officer's decision on the closure application was
expected in August or September 2014. Either party could appeal that
decision to the City Council. On May 14, 2014, three large commercial
customers responded to Staff's request to reduce peak electrical usage
caused by record heat.        Altogether customers reduced usage by 4
megawatts, more than four times the amount Staff hoped to obtain. Nearly
two dozen residents attended the Solar 101 workshop to evaluate whether a
solar/electrical system was suitable for their homes. Palo Alto ranked
number 12 in the country in April's National Mayor's Water Conservation
Challenge. Earlier in May, a record crowd of 85 attended the Laundry to
Landscape workshop to learn about gray water.

                                                                           Page 2 of 29
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
