                            MINUTES
some or all of these sites from the inventory in the next Housing Element,
then the sites would no longer be eligible for the increase in zoning.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Council would have a full and open
discussion of the California Avenue Concept Plan and the Downtown
Development CAP prior to voting on the new Housing Element.

Ms. Gitelman stated the Council would have an opportunity to discuss the
status of both of those.

Council Member Schmid requested Staff commit to discussing the contextual
information which would make it easy for the public to have a transparent
discussion.

Ms. Gitelman was unsure whether the Council could have a good
conversation about adding sites to the inventory without a thorough
discussion of the context.

Council Member Schmid accepted that as a commitment that the Council
would have the discussion.

Mr. Keene clarified that the intention was to make as much progress as
possible with every planning effort. The Area Plans would become part of
the Comprehensive Plan when completed and adopted.          The Housing
Element was part of the Comprehensive Plan. The Council's discussion of
the Housing Element could be informed by plans in progress or other
contextual components. In preparing the next Housing Element, the Council
would assign or reassign the location for housing.

Council Member Schmid noted the Housing Element component usually
occurred at the end of the Comprehensive Plan discussion.

Council Member Holman felt the reasonable accommodation component
lacked adequate examples or definition. There should be other ways to
accommodate any number of means. The utilization of accommodations in
circumstances involving Covenants, Conditions, and Restrictions (CCRs) also
was not addressed. She inquired whether Staff would find alternative means
to solve practical access issues.

Ms. Gitelman reported the Ordinance contained review criteria for reasonable
accommodations that gave the decision maker some discretion. Staff would
have to find that the proposed request met the criteria in order to approve
it. In addition Staff would have the latitude to work with a requester to
ensure a project did not have significant negative consequences. The City
had a Reasonable Accommodation Ordinance associated with below-
moderate units for some time, and rarely received a request for

                                  13                    January 13, 2014
