                             MINUTES
be mitigated. The building should remain a community meeting space with
a plaza and more human-scale buildings nearby.

Kate Downing believed basic community needs could not be met without job
growth. Job growth could not occur without office space and employee
housing. Without growth, Silicon Valley would cease to exist.

Andy Isaacson could not afford to remain in Palo Alto with rising housing
rents. As the demand for jobs and housing grew, supply must also grow.

Robert McGrew felt only millionaires could truly afford housing in Palo Alto.
Residents in their 20s and 30s wanted to live in apartments and
condominiums and wanted to walk to work and shops. Without additional
housing, residents would be forced to move. Additional parking should also
be constructed. Taller buildings could be constructed and dedicated to
housing.

Iliya Nepomnyastacting favored increased development and housing.
Restrictions on development resulted in increased traffic and a decreased
sense of community. Development need not affect open space areas and
areas of single-family homes.

Zachary Bush reported rising rental rates caused him to move further from
his job in Palo Alto, and further increases would cause him to move again
and drive to work.

Nick Fohs would have to move away from Palo Alto if his rent increased. He
asked the Council to consider proposals to create housing.

Peter Wilczynski felt Council Member Klein's comments were pertinent.
Three of the scenarios appeared to be the same. The fourth scenario offered
an opportunity for growth. These did not change the character of Palo Alto
but did open Palo Alto to younger workers.

Ari Gesher was saddened that the lack of office space in Palo Alto forced
dynamic businesses to move to San Francisco. He urged the Council to
proceed with plans that allowed growth.

Robert Moss believed Scenario Number 1 was the most logical. Scenario
Number 4 was not feasible, because the City could not require the implied
changes in behavior. When reviewing new development, the Council should
consider traffic, parking, and the cost of supporting new development. He
did not agree with increasing the height limit beyond 50 feet. The Council
should also consider the impact of new development on schools.



                                                                       Page 17 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/04/14
