                              MINUTES

Council Member Schmid believed the key part of planning was to establish
priorities.   The P&TC stated clearly that the Land Use Element was
important, because the relationship between land use, urban design,
transportation, and economics was emphasized in that particular piece. The
vision statement contained three critical words: balance, sustainable, and
quality of life. Those were priorities the Council could use in planning for
public engagement. One element for consideration was changes in the City.
Population growth and commercial development meant density.
Comprehensive Plan programs and policies did not necessarily address the
critical tradeoff between balance and quality of life on one side, and density
on the other. Four key questions ought to be addressed by the public. The
first question was sustainable growth. The Housing Element should state
one-third of housing should be located in Downtown, one-third in California
Avenue, and one–third in El Camino Real. Quality of design was extremely
important. Design standards should be compatible with the neighborhood
and with the City. Commercial spaces were monetized immediately in that
market value of the property reflected the zoning of the property. Residents
could only monetize when homes were sold. Despite the fantastic growth in
commercial property, 73 percent of property taxes were paid by residents,
and that amount grew 1 percent per year. The issue of fair share should be
addressed in the public forum.       While there was some debate about
extending the boundaries of the development cap area, the City needed a
development cap. Staff should provide good data prior to beginning public
engagement.

Vice Mayor Kniss indicated density was a primary concern. Council Member
Schmid suggested new density be located one-third in Downtown, one-third
along California Avenue, and one-third in south Palo Alto. That sounded like
a good plan; however, it was difficult to be that prescriptive. Designing and
maintaining street frontages that contributed to walkability and to retail
vitality in all commercial districts was difficult along El Camino Real. That
was not a good area for walking.             It was difficult to take each one
individually without considering the whole. Again, ensuring that every
residential neighborhood had public gathering spaces was difficult. If she
considered the draft Comprehensive Plan as a whole, then it was close to
what she wanted.         She wanted to ask the P&TC how infrastructure
improvements could serve all areas of the City fairly. She questioned the
interaction between expanding the scope of the original direction and
density. She wanted to hear from residents before the Council addressed
other critical issues. Priority of specific alternatives or planning concepts had
to include density.



05/05/2014                                                              114- 562
