                             MINUTES
Mr. Woods indicated a matching grant would drive donor interest on the
program side as well as the renovation side. At the current time, probably
more donors were interested in the establishment of the Museum than the
renovation of the building. A matching grant would drive donations for the
museum itself.

Mayor Shepherd understood the terms of the lease option required the
History Museum to raise all money before the option could be exercised.

Mr. Perez clarified that there would not be a lease option. The City's and
History Museum's interests would be best served by entering into a lease.

Mayor Shepherd could be more supportive of the proposal if the City could
utilize the second-floor space proposed to be leased to other entities. It was
important to use the building five days a week. TDR rights could not be sold
until the building was constructed according to standards. She asked if the
City Council made the determination regarding the TDRs.

Mr. Keene asked if Mayor Shepherd was questioning whether the Council
had discretion related to the amount of the TDRs.

Mayor Shepherd wanted to know who made the decision to sell the TDRs.

Mr. Keene reported the City owned the building; therefore, the TDRs
belonged to the City. If the Board could close the gap on funding, then the
City could activate the sale of the TDRs as another funding source. If the
relationship was different at a future time, then the City Attorney would
have to comment on discretion.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Council was under pressure not to generate
additional development Downtown; however, the project would increase
development through the TDRs. She questioned whether the Council should
consider that as a policy matter for the City.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated the sale of the TDR right was the City's
decision at the current time. Mayor Shepherd's suggestion to hold a
conversation about that was appropriate.

Mayor Shepherd would like to see the History Museum become a reality, but
more discussion with the City Manager was needed.

Council Member Holman explained that the TDRs were created almost two
years ago. The City decided not to sell them. The TDRs were created once
plans were approved. The City did not have to wait until the project was
constructed to sell the TDRs.

                                                                        Page 12 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
