implementation process. A stakeholders group comprised of residents and
businesses would be part of the conversation regarding specific details of an
RPP Program in a specific District. Staff was flexible regarding analysis of
proposed alternatives. He encouraged the Council to direct Staff to draft an
Ordinance and to convene a stakeholder group.

Council Member Burt supported Staff's concept as it was comprehensive.
Needed approaches to resolving parking problems were an RPP Program,
increased parking supply and decreased parking demand. Staff would return
with an Ordinance containing a process and criteria. A stakeholder group
comprised of residents, businesses and property owners would develop a
draft implementation strategy and timeline. Possibly the stakeholder group
would inform the process and criteria. He requested Staff's vision regarding
the specificity of the draft Ordinance and whether the draft Ordinance could
be modified based on stakeholder group recommendations.

Ms. Gitelman recommended Staff draft an Ordinance concurrently with
stakeholder group discussions. The Ordinance would create a framework
and would enable the stakeholder group to discuss details. Stakeholder
discussions could inform the Ordinance.

Council Member Burt stated it was important to anticipate unforeseen
consequences. The stakeholder group would identify many, but not all, of
those consequences. Once the Council adopted the Ordinance and Staff
implemented it, the framework would not be perfect and would need
modifications.

Mr. Keene concurred. Any framework would need to be adjusted after it was
put into practice.

Council Member Burt understood there would be scenarios that no one could
anticipate. An informal stakeholder group proposed early implementation
measures. Many of those measures needed to be implemented prior to
implementation of RPP Districts. The Council could consider two tiers of
permits for those who parked in neighborhoods. He questioned whether the
tiers should be based on price or form of work. He acknowledged that some
workers would report to work during the day and not leave until after dark.
With respect to RPP Programs in other cities, he inquired about the majority
percentage required to opt into an RPP Program.

Ms. Sullivan reported the threshold varied from 51 percent to 66 percent to
75 percent.

Council Member Burt believed employers needed to be active participants in
helping employees reduce their number of car trips. The City should provide
                                                                       Page 12 of 19
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/27/2014
