                            MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez explained that Caltrain operated and maintained the existing
Embarcadero Road route. At least two shuttle stops would need to be added
to the proposed parking lot, because there were no existing stops there.

Council Member Burt clarified his question to be whether additional shuttles
would mean additional stops west of Highway 101.

Mr. Rodriguez was not proposing any new shuttle stops. The frequency of
buses could increase.

Council Member Burt stated the Embarcadero Road shuttle currently had a
series of stops. He inquired whether additional shuttles would stop at
existing stops along the route.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that enhancing service would provide the option to
stop at existing stops.

Council Member Burt focused on a specific question for a certain reason.

Mr. Keene did not have an answer for Council Member Burt, because the
Council was finalizing work on the shuttle RFP. The design study would be
sensitive to the potential impact of pop-up satellite parking lots.

Council Member Burt commented that increased shuttle headway would
result in existing stops becoming de facto satellite parking lots. He hoped
the scenario would be reviewed in the study. Spending $180,000 now and
committing to more expenditures in the future for two years of shuttle
service along with many unanswered questions was a problem. He asked if
the intersection at East Bayshore Road and Embarcadero Road carried a
Level of Service (LOS) rating of F.

Mr. Rodriguez did not have the LOS number for existing conditions.

Council Member Burt advised that the Council would need that information
to make a responsible decision.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether that would be analyzed in the study.

Mr. Rodriguez answered yes. Analysis would confirm existing levels of
service and any changes in levels of service as a result of the potential
increase of traffic. There were no proposed lane or capacity reductions at
East Bayshore Road. Proposed roadway changes would occur east of Faber
Place. The capacity of existing intersections would not change.

                                                                       Page 17 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
