                              MINUTES

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein that
if permissible, to change term limits to three consecutive terms, to be on
the 2014 ballot not to take effect until 2018, and no current Council Member
would have the opportunity of a third term.

Vice Mayor Kniss stated if history was reflective of term limits, most seated
Council Members would not complete a third term. She mentioned in the
past 14 years more than 8 of the seated Council Members did not complete
a second term. She believed if there was a Council Member who chose to
serve a third term it could serve the community well.

Council Member Klein stated in the early 1990’s he voted against term limits
and he continued to disagree with their benefit. He wanted to be clear the
Colleagues Memo was to place the extended term limits on the Ballot not to
extend the terms of any specific Council Member.

Council Member Schmid spoke against the Motion. Democracy provided
more turn-over, fresh perspective and a wider range of ideas which were
more important than efficiency. Term limits were not a matter of Palo Alto
needing to catch up to other cities or be like other cities but rather Palo Alto
was leading the way for other cities in democracy.

Council Member Holman stated she would not be voting in support of the
Motion. Her concern was the topic of discussion was not brought about by
the constituents but seated Council. She favored having broader
participation by Council and the community and serving 8-years was
sufficient. She asked the Maker to reconsider the Motion language to verify
the use of the word permissible.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, clarified the action requested in the Motion was
permissible so the added language in the Motion was unnecessary.

Council Member Berman asked for clarification on the language of effective
date of the term limits. He asked if the term limits would apply to incumbent
Council Members or only incoming Council Members.

Vice Mayor Kniss clarified the date was to ensure it would not apply to
incumbent Council Members.

Council Member Berman stated he would support the term limit Motion if it
was clearly written to not include incumbent Council Members.



06/16/2014                                                              115- 167
