                            MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
continue this Item to a date uncertain.

Council Member Scharff thought the project was good but it did not follow
the rules. He wanted the applicant to come back, removing the proposal of
space from the basement. Once that was done, Council was able to grant
Category Two status.

Vice Mayor Kniss thought the best idea was to continue this Item.

Council Member Berman agreed with Staff most of the time but thought it
was wise to continue this Item and hoped another proposal would be
brought back.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the Staff Report said the HRB, ARB,
and Staff “recommended”, but the minutes noted that the building envelope
was not in their purview. An impact of this project was parking. About two
years ago, Council passed an Emergency Ordinance regarding parking in the
downtown area. In this project, the usable retail space went down by 25
percent, usable office space increased by 25 percent, and the total usable
space went up by 11 percent. A month ago, the Development Coordinated
Area Plan (CAP) evaluation noted that the downtown area was consistently
under-parked.     There needed to be 14.4 thousand parking places to
accommodate non-resident properties; the downtown area had 4.9 thousand
parking spaces, and the surrounding area required 8.9 thousand parking
spaces; these were issues that were compounded over time. Proposals
regarding the downtown area were continually under-parked.

Council Member Price supported the application and the work of Staff and
felt that their interpretation about the building envelope had merit. People
were concerned with transparency and open government, but there were
extensive ARB and HRB discussions and ample opportunity for the
community to engage in this discussion. She wanted clarification that some
of the basement space was being used as office space, and not just storage.

Mr. Rapp said the basement was used for frame work, an outside sales
office, customers were brought to businesses there, it was used for
manufacturing; no cars occupied the basement.

Council Member Price questioned whether there were other ways to gain
more parking.


06/23/2014                                                      115- 206
