                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd advised that she requested the Clerk determine if the Vice
Mayor's vote would affect the outcome of the Council's vote. She believed
removing Vice Mayor Kniss' vote from the Planning and Transportation
Commission would result in a change.

Ms. Stump reported that the Mayor raised two aspects. One was to reopen
some of the votes the Council made. If the Mayor was in the majority on
those items, she could request that be done. The second aspect was
whether Vice Mayor Kniss could participate by phone, which was an
interpretation of rules that the Mayor could make in the first instance subject
to a vote of the Council. Mayor Shepherd stated as a fact that the rule was
not followed. Ms. Stump felt that was an interpretation that could be made
by the body in terms of how to apply and interpret its rules.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether she should move for the Council to vote
as to whether the rule was followed and to reopen appointments.

Ms. Stump indicated the appointments should be reopened first. If the
Mayor was in the majority for those appointments, she could move to reopen
the appointments. Secondly, the Council should determine whether Vice
Mayor Kniss could participate.

Mayor Shepherd asked if she could determine whether Vice Mayor Kniss was
allowed to participate telephonically.

Ms. Stump advised that the Mayor could make an initial ruling; however, the
Council could overrule the Mayor's interpretation.

Beth Minor, Acting City Clerk, reported Kyu Young Kim for the Architectural
Review Board would have received four votes and Adrian Fine for the
Planning and Transportation Commission would have received four votes.

Minutes Approval

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the Minutes of September 15 and 22, 2014

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Consent Calendar

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-18.

4.    Policy and Service Committee Recommendation to Release Agenda
      Packets One Week Earlier and Make Other Conforming Changes.

11/10/2014                                                              116- 89
