                              MINUTES
General Fund to the Airport Fund totaled $1.6 million. In 2017, Staff would
renegotiate two major land leases. Staff projected the Airport would be
operating at a profit in 2018 and could begin repaying the General Fund loan
at that time. Replacement of the terminal building was a capital project.
The County of Santa Clara (County) would provide matching funds for a
grant for runway rehabilitation and taxiway repairs.       The State Lands
Commission (SLC) was scheduled to review the 25-year lease agreement on
August 15, 2014. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) approval of the
lease agreement hopefully would occur in the next two weeks.

Alberto Rossi, Rossi Aircraft, reviewed services offered by Rossi Aircraft.

Ralph Britton, Palo Alto Airport Association President, was pleased the City
was taking control of the Airport. The transfer process proved to be
considerably more complex than originally thought. The Palo Alto Airport
Association was committed to making the Airport the best possible.

Bob Lenox was looking forward to making the Airport a signature gateway to
the community.

Council Member Schmid noted in 1978 the County assumed the principle
duty for maintaining the levee, which duty would be transferred to the City
along with the Airport.       He inquired whether the City was assuming
responsibility for the levee.

Mr. Sartor answered yes. The City would maintain the levee parallel to the
runway.

Council Member Schmid noted money could not be transferred from the
Airport Enterprise Fund to the General Fund. He asked if the City's
responsibility was through the General Fund.

Mr. Sartor explained that Airport Enterprise Funds would be utilized to
maintain the levee.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether maintenance of the levee would be
a permanent City responsibility.

Mr. Sartor indicated the levee was a permanent part of the Airport and
Airport operation. It protected the runway from tidal action.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Staff anticipated maintenance to
be a large cost.

                                                                          Page 31 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 08/11/14
