                     DRAFT MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd asked if the Council could submit comments by the
following evening rather than comment on each response.

Ms. Stump reported the Council had to work in public in order to comply with
the Brown Act.

Council Member Holman inquired about criteria for determining surplus
property. The response to Recommendation Number 3 did not address how
public debate regarding disposal of real property would occur.      She
questioned the meaning of "a manner consistent with public interest" as
stated in the response to Recommendation Number 3. The response to
Recommendation Number 4 should state how the recommendation was
implemented.

Mr. Keene asked if she meant Recommendation Number 4a.

Council Member Holman responded Number 4.

Mr. Keene indicated that was the same as Council Member Burt's comment.

Council Member Holman advised that the response to Recommendation
Number 5a sounded defensive. It should describe actions factually.

Mr. Keene remarked that Staff attempted to explain that there was some
reason those actions were taken.

Council Member Holman added that the response to Recommendation
Number 5 did not contain a description of how the recommendation was
implemented. When projects did not comply with the Comprehensive Plan,
they should be presented to the Council as a prescreening or preliminary
review.   Attachment C should be reviewed by Policy and Services
Committee.

Council Member Schmid focused on Council responsibility. The response to
Finding Number 3 should include a sentence that Council Members would
agree publicly that necessary contextual information regarding real property
was adequate prior to moving to a Closed Session.

Ms. Stump categorized the suggestion as a procedural change that the
Council would consider going forward. In the response, the Subcommittee
could indicate the Council would consider making that change.

Council Member Schmid understood the Grand Jury was making
recommendations. The Grand Jury wanted the Council to demonstrate that
it would address issues contained in the report.

                                                                        Page 35 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
