Ms. Stump expressed concern that the item was not specifically called out
for Brown Act purposes in terms of the Council taking action on it.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the direction to Staff had to be
initiated outside the current agendized item.

Ms. Stump answered no.         The Council could provide general direction
regarding a related topic if the appropriate number of Council Members
wanted Staff to return with information.

Mr. Keene reported the Amendment could result in many permutations for
Staff consideration. The simplest method for Staff consideration would be a
straight increase in existing FAR. A project could propose a change in use
that would not result in increased density.

Council Member Burt explained that the Amendment would only apply if an
applicant wanted to change the zoning for a parcel.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the Amendment provided clear direction
for Staff.

Mr. Keene understood the general intent of the Amendment. If the Council
directed Staff to do so, they would give their best effort to identify the
different aspects of up-zoning. If somehow Staff did not provide all the
information the Council wished to have, then hopefully the Council would
have sufficient information to take some action.

Council Member Burt felt some major up-zoning applications were on the
horizon. If the Council reviewed the PC issue only, then more significant
things could occur. The intent of the Amendment was to provide the Council
with an opportunity to review rules on increases in density beyond the
amount allowed by existing zoning.

Council Member Holman expressed concern regarding the Amendment's
effect on affordable housing projects.

Council Member Burt explained that an affordable housing project could
qualify for density bonuses. The Motion would deny affordable housing the
use of a PC Zone. The Amendment would deny an alternative to a PC Zone.
If the Council wished to exempt affordable housing projects from the
concept, then the Motion should include that.

Council Member Holman noted affordable housing projects had different
parking requirements. That was the one advantage to having an exemption
for affordable housing projects.

                                                                     Page 20 of 30
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 02/03/14
