                             MINUTES
Donna Grider, City Clerk, announced that Amanda Beard Ross with 9 votes,
Dara Olmstead Silverstein with 9 votes, and Nia Taylor with 8 votes were all
appointed to the Public Art Commission for three years with terms ending
April 30, 2017.

Mayor Shepherd noted candidates Christine Kelly and Jim Migdal were not
available for interviews with the Council.

MOTION:       Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor
Shepherd to interview Jim Migdal and Jeanine Murphy on May 13, 2014.

Ms. Grider suggested interviews be scheduled for May 7, 2014.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

Mayor Shepherd announced that the City Manager removed Agenda Item
Number 7 from the Consent Calendar.

James Keene, City Manager, advised the item would be continued to April
29, 2014.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, reported Palo Alto Police Department Mobile, a
mobile app, was launched by the Palo Alto Police Department to provide
citizens with immediate access to the latest news, crime maps, and urgent
alerts. The International Association of Chiefs of Police selected Lieutenant
Zach Peron to be a visiting fellow at its Center for Social Media. The Ideas
component of Our Palo Alto would begin with events scheduled for April 23,
April 28, April 30 and Bike-Alongs. Federal Government representatives
assessed the City's management of organizations funded through
Community Development Block Grants (CDBG) and confirmed that funds
supported eligible activities and low- and moderate-income individuals and
families. The Mayor officiated an awards ceremony for recipients of the
City's Pilot Microenterprise Assistance Program. The Great Race for Saving
Water event was held the previous Saturday and more than 350 people
attended. The City cosponsored the PV 60 Birthday Bash where the City
won an award for proactive promotion of solar photovoltaic systems. The
City submitted public and protected information to Google regarding
Google's fiber program; however, Staff would present an item to the Council
on April 29, 2014. The Palo Alto Apps Challenge had nine finalists who
would be presented to the community on April 27, 2014.

04/21/2014                                                           114- 483
