                              MINUTES
work. Additionally, direct Staff to return at the appropriate meeting to
analyze the feasibility of using the golf course parking lot while it is closed.

Council Member Scharff felt it was important to implement the RPP Program.
The City needed to move forward with parking solutions. If the community
had additional solutions, they should offer them.

Council Member Price agreed it was important for the City to proceed. The
Council wanted data to make informed decisions; this study would provide
data. The Substitute Motion allowed the City to move forward. She
expressed concern regarding use of the Golf Course parking lot because of
the completed EIR. Satellite parking was worthy of examination.

Council Member Burt opposed the Substitute Motion. Satellite parking
should be considered in the context of other parking solutions. Measures to
decrease parking demand and increase parking supply would determine
whether satellite parking was needed. Expending $180,000 for a design and
environmental analysis made it more difficult not to implement satellite
parking.   The Council's decision regarding satellite parking should be
contingent on additional information. Ms. Gitelman stated the study would
review the potential uptake by Downtown businesses. The RFP and Staff
Report did not indicate whether Downtown businesses would be surveyed to
determine the number of workers who would choose to utilize satellite
parking.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that satellite parking was identified as a short-term
parking solution for Downtown workers once an RPP Program was
implemented.    She was unsure whether surveying employees prior to
implementing satellite parking would be effective.

Council Member Burt was not convinced that a survey would provide
definitive information regarding participation once an RPP Program was
implemented. The total cost could be $500,000 for a short-term solution
when Staff had not determined whether there was any demand. He did not
understand how additional shuttles would not be needed.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff needed to review the number of shuttles
needed to serve the area. That topic was a part of the study that would be
presented to the Council in September.

Council Member Burt asked if additional shuttles would stop at shuttle stops
on the way to Downtown.


                                                                          Page 16 of 36
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 08/11/14
