                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman wanted to support Planning Staff; however, she was
challenged by the way the proposal was written. Metrics would be good, but
Staff needed some latitude to contact the firm for work. Outreach to the
community seemed to be too general.

Council Member Berman inquired whether Staff felt Ms. Flint would provide
competent, independent group facilitation.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes, that was one of Ms. Flint's skills.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff felt Ms. Flint had expertise in survey
design, implementation, and analysis in order to accurately understand
residents' opinions.

Ms. Gitelman had not worked with Ms. Flint directly regarding a residents'
survey; however, that was within her abilities.

Council Member Berman referred to an opinion/editorial article regarding
suggestions to improve input from stakeholder groups. The proposal could
better define tasks that would be given to the firm. The Council should not
expect Staff to have expertise in all areas. If the proposal was better
written, he would be more inclined to support it. If the Council did not
receive the feedback it requested, then it should give Staff some tools to
obtain the feedback it wanted. He would oppose the Motion.

Council Member Price would not support the Motion. Given the experience
of Staff with community outreach and contracts with consultants, Staff
should have greater flexibility to work with a consultant. If the Council did
not act, Staff would lose the cadence that had built over the course of the
work. She inquired whether Ms. Gitelman had previously worked with the
consultant and knew of other cities' experiences with the consultant.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes. The contract followed the regular procurement
process.    Staff interviewed the proposed consultant and two other
consultants. Staff checked the consultants' references.

Council Member Price advised that in her experience performance measures
and criteria often were not embedded in a proposal. In a second round of
discussion, measures were refined. The Council approved the proposal in
the Budget; yet, when Staff provided additional information regarding the
scope of services, Council Members did not want to approve the expenditure.




11/10/2014                                                            116- 104
