                            MINUTES
ratios.  Staff would not be able to make a credible recommendation
regarding Development Impact Fees given the amount of additional research
that was needed.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director and Chief Financial Officer,
explained that the City could only add Development Impact Fee funding to
the expansion of a current service or program. If a fire station was
remodeled within the same square footage, then Development Impact Fees
could not be utilized for those costs. If a fire station was expanded, then
only 15 percent of the cost could be allocated to new development. Staff did
review that issue.

Council Member Klein spoke at a recent Chamber of Commerce meeting
regarding the proposed increase in the TOT. Hotel representatives felt the
funding proposal was unfair in that the business community was the only
ones taxed. No additional funds were being requested from residential
taxpayers.

Council Member Holman noted the TOT was not a fee charged by the
businesses. It was collected from visitors. She supported Council Member
Schmid in recognizing that different aspects of the community were not
paying their fair share.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Committee had completed its work.

Council Member Klein indicated the Committee was waiting.

Mayor Shepherd stated the process had been long. The City had grown by
13 percent since 2000; however, infrastructure funding had not grown. She
inquired whether the Council would vote to place a tax measure on the ballot
on June 16, 2014.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, replied the issue would be scheduled for either
June 16 or 23.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Council Member Klein requested Staff provide the date on which the Council
would consider the ballot item, as many members of the public wished to be
present at that time.

Mr. Keene advised the discussion could occur on June 16.


                                                                      Page 15 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 06/09/14
