                      FINAL MINUTES
Michael Canepa, Hatch Mott MacDonald, reviewed three grade crossings
individually and by lowering Alma Street with them. A third option was
lowering the Rail Corridor beneath rail crossings. The design criteria for
roadways assumed 30 miles per hour for roadways, a maximum 8 percent
grade for the roadway, a maximum 5 percent grade for sidewalks, vertical
clearances as required by the California Department of Transportation
(Caltrans) Highway Design Manual and bridge depth to span ratios of 1:10.
Criteria for partial property takes versus full property takes were access to
the property. The Railway Design Criteria included 15-foot track centers per
Caltrain, a design speed of 90 miles an hour, a preferred maximum grade of
1 percent, a design exception maximum of 2 percent, and vertical clearance
for rail of 24 1/2 feet. Creek crossings drove the geometry of the study. For
two rail trench alternatives, there would be no property takes. Churchill
Avenue at-grade crossing would require 4 partial takes and 16 full takes.
Churchill Avenue with Alma Street lowered required 3 partial takes and 33
full takes. Meadow Drive with Alma Street at-grade crossing required 5
partial takes and 11 full takes. Meadow Drive with Alma Street lowered
required 4 partial takes and 14 full takes. Charleston Road with Alma Street
at-grade crossing required 3 partial takes and 18 full takes. Charleston
Road lowered required 3 partial takes and 18 full takes. Lowering Meadow
Drive and Charleston Road along with Alma Street required 7 partial takes
and 32 full takes.

Mr. Hackmann advised that submerging the roadway and maintaining
movements at Meadow Drive and Charleston Road would have to be
constructed as one project. Retaining the Alma Street crossing at grade
meant the turn movements on and off Alma Street would be lost. Lowering
the Alma Street crossing would maintain existing turn movements.
Eliminating turn movements would reduce the number of parcel takings, but
would significantly impact the flow of traffic.

Mr. Canepa noted lane widths and typical sections for Churchill Avenue were
located at-grade. The first scenario in the study was a 1-percent grade
trench alternative, which was the preferred grade for freight. The overall
length of the 1-percent grade trench would be slightly less than 20,000 feet.
Oregon Expressway would need to be rebuilt above the rail trench. Freight
could not travel on a 3-percent grade.        The 2-percent grade trench
alternative would end at San Antonio Road. The 1-percent grade trench
would end at Rengstorff Avenue. There was a large cost difference between
grades of 1 percent and 2 percent, because of the need to rebuild a few
interchanges for the 1-percent grade alternative. The difference in cost
between the 2-percent and the 3-percent grade trenches was approximately
$15.5 million. Little savings resulted from a 3-percent to 2-percent grade
alternative. Construction of undercrossings would require approximately 8-
                                                                         Page 12 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/20/14
