the building. Staff believed the Urban Lane site merited pursuit of grants
and outreach to partner agencies.

Council Member Scharff asked if there were smaller design options.

Mr. Keene answered yes.       Other design solutions could provide more
parking. Staff requested direction to explore this as a possibility. There
would be complications regarding jurisdiction and cost. This item related to
previous Council direction for Staff to return with alternatives for parking
garages. This item was separated from the general discussion because of a
conflict of interest.

Council Member Scharff understood the previous Motion directed Staff to
return with three options for the Downtown core parking lots. With the
many other parking options available, a large parking garage at Urban Lane
was not needed at the current time. However, he did not want to forego the
opportunity to apply for grants to study the issue.

Ms. Gitelman hoped to obtain Council approval to submit a grant request. If
the City received the grant, then Staff could perform work that would inform
a Study Session.

Council Member Scharff asked if the grant would fund only planning
activities.

Ms. Gitelman responded planning and coordination activities.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct Staff to have the ability to pursue planning grants with Stanford/
Caltrain for Urban Lane Transit Mall and Parking Garage, and returning to
Council in a Study Session or Action Item if a grant was obtained.

Mr. Keene reiterated that Staff was requesting authority to pursue grants as
a possibility. If the City obtained grant funding to perform planning work,
then that information could be used in a Study Session.

Council Member Scharff concurred with planning the area; however, he
needed to understand the transit component that could be incorporated into
TDM strategies.

Mr. Keene reported the Council's direction would allow Staff to plan for a
parking garage and TDM strategies if the City obtained a grant.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about agencies providing grants.
                                                                      Page 33 of 37
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 2/10/14
