                      FINAL MINUTES
AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XXXX to replace bullet 3 in the Motion above with “to identify up to
100 more transit-rich housing sites in downtown and the California Avenue
area as part of the Comprehensive Plan Update process and consider
exchanging sites along San Antonio and sites along South El Camino that are
outside of identified 'pedestrian nodes' for the more transit-rich identified
sites before the City deadline for Housing Element certification."

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Holman responded to Council Member Klein's question
regarding accomplishments of the Housing Element law. It was more a
question of what it did not accomplish. The premise for housing mandates
was flawed. The RHMC asked PAHC to identify properties where the City
could convert existing units to affordable units. The hurdles for conversion
were virtually impossible to overcome. The Housing Element was not
concerned with creating or retaining housing units or reducing greenhouse
gases.

Council Member Klein concurred with Council Member Holman's opinions.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted the Motion would allow Staff to forward the Housing
Element for certification.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff would incorporate the Council's input and
prepare an Administrative Draft for HCD's initial review. After HCD's initial
review, the Administrative Draft would be subject to changes, public input,
recommendations, and Council action before submission for certification.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1 Schmid no, Price, Shepherd absent

Ms. Gitelman planned to work with the RHMC to complete the Administrative
Draft and then send it to HCD.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 8:17 P.M.




                                                                           Page 14 of 14
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 06/04/14
