             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
the City's unilateral change. The dedication lay on top of the easement. The
City was required to honor the easement.

Council Member Schmid noted an 8 1/2-foot chain-link fence within the
easement was located on City property. He asked if that fence was the
City's responsibility. Earlier the City Attorney stated the City did not have
responsibility for fences outside City property.

Ms. Stump clarified that fences located outside City property were not in City
ownership; however, rules could apply to fencing. She could not recall those
rules at the moment. Staff would review that issue.

Council Member Schmid reiterated that the fence was on City property.

Ms. Stump was not aware of whether the fence was on the line of the
easement. Perhaps real estate Staff could indicate whether anything was in
the easement affected the fencing.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the fence was located on the
easement line inside City property.

Mr. Betts added that the easement ran on a steep slope. Use of the
property containing the easement was limited because of the steep terrain.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the 1985 agreement indicated the
fence was subject to site and design review. He asked if the Council would
accept the 8 1/2-foot chain-link fence by voting to dedicate the property as
parkland.

Ms. Stump would review the fencing issue. No action to dedicate the land
would disadvantage the City in any respect.

Council Member Schmid believed the largest stakeholder for the property
was the public. He inquired whether the parkland would be open for a short
period of time for public viewing prior to PARC holding outreach meetings.

Mr. Betts answered yes.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff had any safety concerns regarding the quarry
located adjacent to the property.

Mr. Betts replied no.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the fence surrounding the quarry would be
relocated.

                                                                          Page 9 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
