trees on the Golf Course; protection of 500 naturally occurring oak saplings
in Arastradero Preserve; restoration of two acres of native Bay ecosystem
habitat at Byxbee Park; and maintenance and monitoring of new plantings
for 20 years contingent upon adequate funding from Golf Course revenues.
The PARC recommended restoration of three acres of native Bay ecosystem
habitat at Byxbee Park and funding for maintenance and monitoring not be
tied to Golf Course revenues for a minimum of ten years. Staff prequalified
bidders based on experience and qualifications and would advertise the Golf
Course Project to four potential bidders. Once the Golf Course Project
received State and Federal permits for construction, construction would
begin in May 2014 and be completed in September 2015.

Mr. De Geus indicated estimated construction costs were $9.5 million
including construction management costs and a 10 percent contingency.
Soil importation revenue of $1.3 million, an estimated mitigation payment of
$3 million from the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA), and
new debt service over 20 years of $5.2 million would pay for costs of
construction. Staff projected a net revenue loss between Fiscal Years (FY)
2014 and 2016 of $2.4 million. After review and consideration, Staff
believed the projection to be reasonable.        If the base projection was
realized, the City would recoup net losses from the periods of
preconstruction and construction.

Ed Lauing, Parks and Recreation Commissioner, remarked that the
community worked to reach consensus regarding the Golf Course Project.
He reviewed the PARC's methodology in determining mitigation measures.
The PARC recommended restoration of three acres of Baylands, a
commitment to fund ten years of maintenance for new and restored
parklands, and maintenance of Arastradero trees and Baylands habitat not
be dependent on the current Golf Course business model. He explained the
costs of mitigation measures. Stakeholders were committed to performing
more than minimum mitigations.

Public Hearing opened at 10:55 P.M.

Eileen McLaughlin, Citizens Committee to Complete the Refuge, referenced
the State Water Board's letter regarding the Golf Course Project related to
the Flood Control Project. If the Golf Course Project did not precede the
Flood Control Project, the timeline and projections for the Golf Course
Project could be affected.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, stated Staff was open
to considering alternatives for mitigation measures. Long-term maintenance
should be included in mitigation measures.

                                                                      Page 23 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 02/03/14
