                             MINUTES
17.   Approval of a Purchase Order with National Auto Fleet Group in a Not
      to Exceed Amount of $432,003 for the Purchase of Twelve Compressed
      Natural Gas (CNG) Vans (Scheduled Vehicle and Equipment
      Replacement Capital Improvement Program VR-14000).

18.   Resolution 9446 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Establishing Fiscal Year 2014-15 Secured and Unsecured Property
      Tax Levy for the City of Palo Alto’s General Obligation Bond
      Indebtedness (Measure N).”

MOTION PASSED for AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 3-11, 13-18: 8-0 Burt
absent

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Ken Horowitz reported the Page Mill YMCA was scheduled to close on
October 1, 2014. He requested the Council use its influence to keep the
YMCA open. He provided a letter which addressed his concerns.

Jim Fitz attended a class about Parkinson's Disease at the Page Mill YMCA.
Facilities at the YMCA were well maintained. It was a quality facility.

Jessica Roth requested the Council work with the community to save small
businesses on California Avenue. She wanted California Avenue zoned for
independently owned and operated businesses only.

Harvey Miller felt the Page Mill YMCA was important and valuable to the
community. The YMCA provided classes for people with Parkinson's Disease,
diabetes, and cancer. He attributed his good health to exercise classes
offered by the YMCA.

Debbie Duncan indicated the low-cost Page Mill YMCA had developed a
community. Members generously supported the YMCA. Approximately one
quarter of members were 65 years of age and older. Members were working
to prevent the closure of the YMCA and requested the Council's assistance.

John Keller and his father utilized the Page Mill YMCA to improve and
maintain their health. He requested the Council consider assisting with
keeping the YMCA open.

John Malloy wanted the Council to know that the Silicon Valley YMCA Board
had treated at least 3,000 members of the community in a dismissive
manner regarding closure of the Page Mill YMCA. Any assistance the Council
could provide would be appreciated.

Paul Doiron believed the sudden announcement of the closure of the Page
Mill YMCA was unfair in that it did not give members time to fight the
                                                                        Page 5 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/04/14
