                     FINAL MINUTES
the City could take credit for preserving those BMR housing units.             PAHC
likely would not convert BMR units to market-rate units.

Council Member Price left the meeting at 7:31 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to direct to Staff to:

1)   Include the following residentially-zoned sites in the Administrative
     Draft of the 2015-2023 Housing Element to meet the City’s Regional
     Housing Needs Allocation requirement and provide a buffer likely to be
     acceptable to HCD:

        23 existing units at the Colorado Park development,

        32 residential second units (i.e. small accessory or “in-law units”),

        146 additional units at Fry’s site, 340 Portage Ave., and

        168 units at the CS zoned San Antonio sites;

2)   Submit the Administrative Draft to HCD for preliminary review by end
     of June; and

3)   Continue to identify up to 100 more transit-rich housing sites including
     in the downtown and the California Avenue area after HCD certification
     as part of the Comprehensive Plan Update process and consider
     exchanging sites along San Antonio and sites along South El Camino
     that are outside of identified “pedestrian nodes” for the more transit-
     rich identified sites after the City has met the statutory deadline for
     housing element certification.

Council Member Scharff felt the important part of the Motion was the
continued discussion. Within that discussion, all stakeholders could review
proposed sites. The correct vehicle for the conversation was the update of
the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Holman felt proceeding with the Housing Element was
prudent and would not be detrimental.

Council Member Berman was intrigued by the possibility of a conversation
regarding Tiers 4 and 5 when the time was right. The penalty for not
submitting the Housing Element by the deadline was severe. He requested a
synopsis of the RHMC's discussion of Arastradero Road sites.


                                                                             Page 9 of 14
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 06/04/14
