                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff advised that "revitalize" was not the correct word
for Policy L3.16. Midtown residents were concerned that non-retail uses
were creeping into the area. The document contained other neighborhood
specific policies. Staff should engage with those neighborhoods to determine
residents' wants. From the 1998 version, the document retained a policy to
prepare a plan for Midtown. He questioned whether a plan had been drafted
and whether Midtown residents wanted a plan. Many topics in the energy
section did not match current City practices.

Council Member Price did not believe the document mentioned the impact of
delivery of services to multifamily and single-family residential properties as
a means to reduce car trips. Within multiple uses of existing and new public
buildings, the Council discussed providing limited health functions at Fire
Stations. The Innovation and Technology Element did not reference the
academic and college community and the implications of a City partnership
with Stanford regarding test bed options. Under conversion of existing
buildings, she inquired whether the Plan considered innovative practices and
their economic feasibility. The Transportation Element should discuss the
implications of Transportation Demand Management (TDM) programs and
changes in driving behaviors related to the need for traditional built parking
structures.

Mayor Shepherd wished to see the programs and policies removed from the
document. She was concerned about strategizing zoning for the Housing
Element based on property tax receipts. She suggested the Council have a
separate discussion of sharing costs for Safe Routes to School with the Palo
Alto Unified School District (PAUSD).

Ms. Gitelman would discuss next steps and engagement efforts in Agenda
Item Number 12.

Mr. Keene added that Staff would discuss capturing additional content from
the Council under Agenda Item Number 12.

Council Member Holman asked how Council comments would be presented
to the public. The Council needed additional time for discussion of the
document. Public comment was held at the beginning of the discussion even
though Council policy indicated public comment would occur at the end of
Study Sessions. Therefore, members of the public who arrived late should
be allowed to speak.




05/05/2014                                                             114- 567
