                            MINUTES
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC), Architectural Review Board
(ARB), and the Planning Director and Staff approved the project. Verizon
addressed many of the issues raised by opponents to the project.

Ken Allen, President of the Adobe Meadow Neighborhood Association, spoke
regarding Agenda Item Number 13. A vast majority of the residents
supported the cell tower. The Council would have opportunities to review
any changes to the project. He urged the Council to support the item.

Gerald V. Lucha spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. After attending
many presentations from both AT&T and Verizon, he urged the Council to
support the item.

Joe Caporaletti spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. Opposition to the
project raised many imaginative fears, which were baseless. Improved
cellular coverage was needed.

Rod Creason spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13.          Verizon was
attempting to finalize the project prior to implementation of the City's
comprehensive wireless plan. He urged the Council to remove Agenda Item
Number 13 from the Consent Calendar and consider the illegality of the
previous Conditional Use Permit (CUP).

Gen Isayama spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. Residents hired a
planning and wireless expert and an attorney to evaluate the Verizon
application. Their reports were included in the briefing packet. City Staff
had not replied to residents' concerns. The item should not be on the
Consent Calendar.

Grace Zhao spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. Parents of young
children were concerned about radiation from the cell tower. She related
information that had been provided to her regarding the City's ability to
deny the application.

Charlene Liao spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. She requested the
Council remove Agenda Item Number 13 from the Consent Calendar and
hold a public hearing. The tower would be taller than trees in the location
and more visible than other cell towers in Palo Alto. The Council should
consider new information.

Jason Yotopallos spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 13. Moving the
tower a quarter mile away to an industrial location should not be an
inconvenience for Verizon. Verizon had technology other than DAS it could
utilize. The Council should remove the item from the Consent Calendar.


12/15/2014                                                          116- 237
