legislation and lobbying should be on the list. A business registry should be
added to the list. Upstream potential solutions should be added to the list
under San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority. Under Urban Forest
Master Plan, natural habitat should be highlighted.

Vice Mayor Kniss suggested Staff assign a weight to topics. Many times one
item would drive the remaining items. Some items might need only updates
to inform the Council and the public. Social services for the community
needed further discussion.

Council Member Berman noted the Council would work on the items but
probably would not finish them.      With respect to items with stated
timeframes, he requested Staff present them to the Council as soon as the
items were ready.

Council Member Burt believed cross-referencing items with Council Priorities
and Core Values would be informative. The process would convey whether
the Work Plan was a rational plan around a vision and prioritization or a list
of reactions. Many of the items were enabled through the City's financial
reforms. The Landscape Zoning Ordinance could be utilized in reviewing
natural habitat. Community services should be included on the list. The
City's major development issue was not Planned Communities (PC). Zoning
reform should be the Land Use and Transportation Priority. Land Use and
Transportation Elements of the Comprehensive Plan were concerns for the
community and should be the focus of the Comprehensive Plan update in
2014.

Council Member Schmid believed the Council needed elements of the
Comprehensive Plan to make decisions. The Council did not have basic data
to make decisions. The Council should rethink how it dealt with economics
in the Budget and decision making. The amount of commercial development
and the tradeoff between office space and retail space were critical issues for
the Comprehensive Plan. This was the basic information the Council needed
to make decisions and the public needed to provide input.

Council Member Klein believed the list was a useful tool to identify issues the
Council would face. The number of issues would determine whether the
Council would have sufficient time to cover all items and to include other
initiatives. Entire meetings should not be devoted to public safety,
emergency preparedness, or homeless issues. Developing a state lobbying
policy and a business registry should be included. A category of issues in
the Utility Department containing items regarding the proposed Western
Transmission Line and water rates should be included. The first floor
remodel of City Hall and Main Library should not be included in the list.
                                                                          Page 6 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 02/01/14
