                               MINUTES
bond measure, Palo Alto would not have a single full-service library.       He
wished to see Main Library's space and collections expanded.

Jonathan Erman urged the Council not to change the name of Main Library.
Main Library was never a full-service library; however, coupled with
Children's Library it was a full-service library. He supported a strong library
collection and system. He suggested the name Historical Main Library.

Jean Libby supported renaming Main Library to Rinconada Library. The
Spanish word rinconada meant a meeting of corners. Her husband worked
at Main Library for approximately 40 years.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested Ms. Libby restate her definition of rinconada.

Ms. Libby indicated it meant corners, street corners.

Sarah Harold Boyd reported a library was a valuable resource for learning,
study, and research. Doris Richmond played a large role as a librarian and
advocate for education. The Middlefield Library should be renamed for Ms.
Richmond.

Mary Beth Train urged the Council to accept the name of Rinconada as any
other name would be confusing.

Patricia Powell believed institutions should be named for people involved in
those institutions. Newell Library should be renamed in honor of Doris
Richmond. Ms. Richmond was a librarian and a legacy in the community.

Herb Borock supported the name Main Library. The Council's direction in
September 2013 did not change the City's policy for naming and renaming
City facilities. The policy indicated existing place names were deemed to
have historic recognition. There was no compelling reason to change the
name of Main Library.

Mary Jo Levy supported changing the name of Main Library to Rinconada
Library. Complications from renaming Main Library for a prominent person
were covered by reports from the LAC, PAHA, and Staff. Connotations of the
name Main indicated it was located in a downtown area, which was not true
in Palo Alto. A place name was simpler and associated the facility with its
physical location.

Susie Thom believed the Council should rename Main Library to Rinconada
Library, because the naming policy was followed, the LAC recommended the
change, and Rinconada corresponded to the tradition for naming libraries.
The Council should adopt the name Rinconada.



                                   10                              April 7, 2014
