                     FINAL MINUTES
     Allocation Process Agencies. (This item was continued from May 12,
     2014.)

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Finance Committee discussed
potentially expanding funding and engaging the Human Relations
Commission (HRC) in review. Presenting this item to the Council to establish
perspective and direction was appropriate. The Council should ask questions
or issue recommendations.

Council Member Berman, Chair of the Finance Committee, advised that
during the Finance Committee's discussion of funding for Human Services
Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP) agencies, a Committee Member
suggested referring the item to the HRC for a recommendation regarding the
potential for additional funding of new or increased needs. Vice Mayor Kniss
suggested a cap of any additional funding.          The Finance Committee
unanimously approved a cap of $200,000. The Finance Committee stressed
that the cap was the ceiling for any additional funding and that the Finance
Committee was not approving funding in the total amount of $200,000.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the expiration of two-year
contracts coincided with the expiration of six-year contracts.

Minka Van Der Zwaag, Manager Community Services Senior Programs,
indicated contract expirations coincided in Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. The
removal of Palo Alto Community Child Care (PACCC) and Avenidas from
HSRAP altered the discussion.        Those two agencies would be general
services contracts starting in the next fiscal year.

Council Member Schmid noted the Finance Committee's recommendation
was for the HRC to distinguish among needs. However, the HRC would no
longer review the two six-year agencies. He asked if the Motion focused on
two-year agencies.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag reported Staff was seeking Council direction on that
issue as well as additional funding. The Finance Committee did discuss the
possibility of PACCC and Avenidas being removed from HSRAP.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Finance Committee wanted to
refer only two-year agencies to the HRC.

Council Member Berman did not recall the Finance Committee restricting
HRC consideration of PACCC and Avenidas. The issue seemed to be the
restructuring of HSRAP agencies so as to exclude PACCC and Avenidas. The
Council should make a determination whether PACCC and Avenidas should
be included in any additional funding.
                                                                          Page 6 of 29
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
