                             MINUTES
Alliances with other cities could make a difference. She encouraged the
Council to include public transit in any sustainability plan and to embrace a
zero carbon Moonshot as soon as possible.

Stephanie Munoz felt other cities were following Palo Alto's example of job
growth without housing growth. The City should slow development. The
City should assist residents with installing solar power.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Shepherd reviewed Agenda items for the December 15, 2014
meeting.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, recommended the public review winter storm
and flood information on the City's website in light of the storm forecast for
later in the week. The grand opening celebration of the Mitchell Park Library
and Community Center was a success. The Palo Alto Library Foundation
hosted a fundraising brunch at Rinconada Library.         Formal opening of
Rinconada Library was scheduled for February 14, 2015. The City would
accept applications for the Midtown Connector Project Citizens' Advisory
Committee through January 13, 2015. Staff was planning a comprehensive
status report on implementation of the Bicycle and Pedestrian Master Plan at
the beginning of 2015. On December 6, 2014, residents of Buena Vista
Mobile Home Park celebrated their third annual Community Christmas
Posada. Caltrain released the Final Environmental Impact Report for the
Electrification Project on December 4, 2014. Staff was reviewing Caltrain's
responses to determine if they adequately addressed the City's comments.
The Council was invited to attend a retirement celebration for Greg Betts.
The City was hosting a Water Reuse Forum on December 11, 2014.

Oral Communications

Herb Borock noted the Caltrain Joint Powers Board would meet on January
8, 2015 regarding the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR) for the
Peninsula Corridor Electrification Project. The Council should direct Staff to
review the FEIR and to schedule an Agenda Item for the Council to respond
to the FEIR.

Stephanie Munoz was disappointed by the Council's decision not to approve
the proposed operator of the grocery store at College Terrace Centre. The
Council should have reduced the amount of development that was allowed at
the project.


12/08/2014                                                             116- 202
