MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to: 1)
approve the Staff recommendation to approve and authorize the City
Manager or his designee to execute the construction contract with Redgwick
Construction Company in an amount not to exceed $6,211,331 for the Based
Bid elements of the California Avenue Transit Hub Corridor Streetscape
Improvement Project, CIP PL-11002; 2) authorize the City Manager or his
designee to negotiate and execute one or more change orders to the
contract with Redgwick Construction Company for related, unforeseen work,
which may develop during the project, for a total value not to exceed
$931,700, or 10 percent of the Based Bid work, bringing the construction
contract award total to $7,143,031; and 3) adopt a Budget Amendment
Ordinance to increase funding for the California Avenue Transit Hub Corridor
Streetscape Improvements Project (PL-11002) in the amount of $5,370,745
and a reduction to the Infrastructure Reserve by $4,740,745 as well as other
adjustments to the General Fund and Water Fund.

Mayor Shepherd preferred the contingency amount remain at 10 percent. If
additional funds were needed, Staff could return to the Council.

Vice Mayor Kniss was not comfortable with a contingency amount greater
than 10 percent. Staff could return to the Council as needed so that the
Council could review any issues.

Council Member Klein requested Staff comment on the wildly divergent
amounts between the Engineer's estimate and the construction bid in the
categories of general, fountain, and waterline replacement.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, reported Staff had similar
concerns when bids were received. Generally, many projects were coming
in higher than expected when compared to estimates. The bid climate
changed between the current time and the beginning of the project three
years ago. Waterline replacement was a specialized type of work for
underground utility contractors, and would result in increased costs. At the
time the bid was prepared, the contractor was awaiting bids from
subcontractors. Consequently, the contractor placed discrepancies from
subcontractors in the categories of general and fountain.

James Keene, City Manager, understood waterline replacement involved
connections to many other lines. The number of connections and work
underneath sidewalks made the project more complicated.

Council Member Klein expressed concern that the contractor was including
subcontractor discrepancies in two categories. He inquired whether Staff felt
the practice was fair and appropriate.



02/24/2014                                                            114- 325
