                     FINAL MINUTES
Voting For Brian Hamachek:

Voting For Freda Manuel:

Donna Grider, City Clerk, announced that Eric Rosenblum with nine votes
was appointed to the Planning and Transportation Commission with the term
ending on October 31, 2017.

First Round of voting for one position on the Planning and Transportation
Commission with the term ending October 31, 2016:

Voting For Sea Reddy:

Voting For Przemek Gardias:       Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Schmid

Voting For Eric Rosenblum:

Voting For Brian Hamachek:        Berman, Price, Scharff, Shepherd

Voting For Freda Manuel:

City Clerk, Donna Grider, announced that Przemek Gardias with five votes
was appointed to the Planning and Transportation Commission with the term
ending on October 31, 2016.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced a squirrel management program for
the landfill had been delayed. The final Bike Along event was scheduled for
May 17, 2014. Video-based traffic data counters were deployed in various
locations across the City to capture bicycle and pedestrian volume. Acterra
would honor Phil Bobel as an outstanding local environmental leader on May
16, 2014. Mr. Bobel was also chosen to receive the American Public Works
Association award for outstanding service in a public agency. The 92nd
Annual May Fete Children's Parade was held the previous Saturday. Counts
from the Bike to Work Day totaled 1,757. The Santa Clara County Vector
Control District distributed notice regarding an invasive mosquito.

Council Member Scharff recalled the need for a policy discussion regarding
use of vehicle license plate readers, and requested an Agenda Item.

Mr. Keene would provide information to the Council.

Council Member Price inquired about the use and outcomes of the City's
                                                                          Page 4 of 26
                                                          Special City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 5/12/13
