                             MINUTES
The Staff Report contained the existing regulatory regime related to ground-
floor retail and zoning standards. Community meetings raised the concept
of metering the pace of non-residential development in the City. Rather
than having an overall cap, the City would have an annual limit or some
other mechanism to meter the pace of growth over time. The Staff Report
provided information on three jurisdictions that metered growth. Staff's first
recommendation was to proceed immediately with Zoning Ordinances that
addressed retail preservation and parking exemptions.            The second
recommendation was to schedule a work session in January 2015 to discuss
parameters of an annual office growth management program. The third
recommendation was to schedule a series of work sessions with the Council,
the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC), and the community to
discuss planning issues and policy choices in the spring of 2015. The fourth
recommendation was to utilize work sessions to begin discussing goals,
policies, and programs and reconciling the existing Comprehensive Plan with
the P&TC's recommendations. The leadership group would be instrumental
in designing a summit meeting to begin work sessions. A summit meeting
would be informed by data and analysis. All work sessions would discuss
issues and policy choices facing the City. The Sustainability and Climate
Action Plan could be included in these work sessions. Work sessions would
be designed to build confidence in the community's ability to design the
future. Staff's fifth recommendation was to begin the Draft Environmental
Impact Report (DEIR) and to use a series of simplified scenarios to assess
potential cumulative impacts over the next 15 years and to balance and
weigh the advantages and disadvantages of various choices. Critical issues
for policy decisions were pace of growth, housing affordability and access,
location and adjustment of housing, traffic and parking, climate change, and
the aging demographic. Scenarios would be designed with components so
that the Council could mix and match components. Delaying work on the
DEIR would increase time and cost impacts. The sixth recommendation was
to consider commercial zoning changes concurrently with the Comprehensive
Plan Update. A discussion of growth management systems could occur in
January 2015. A summit and work sessions could begin in May 2015. Late
in 2015, Staff could prepare a draft Comprehensive Plan Update. In early
2016, the Council could adopt a Comprehensive Plan following certification of
an Environmental Impact Report (EIR).

Bob Moss suggested including an enforcement mechanism in the
Comprehensive Plan and limiting variants that a Planned Community (PC)
could impose on a zone. Affordable housing was another major concern.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, requested sustainability concepts for
transportation be included in the Comprehensive Plan process.


12/08/2014                                                             116- 207
