                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman preferred to maintain a rate of 5 percent. She
inquired whether any percentage of the increase could be directed to specific
programs.

Ms. Stump explained Council Member Holman was suggesting a special tax,
which required two-thirds approval by the voters.

Council Member Schmid noted the Motion directed elimination of the large
volume discount paid by nine specific commercial users. The Motion did not
eliminate the discount for other future commercial entities.

Council Member Berman agreed to delete the words "nine commercial."

Mayor Shepherd felt there was no reason not to modernize the UUT. She
supported elimination of the large volume discount.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

10.   Colleagues' Memo From Council Members Burt, Holman, and Schmid
      Urging Colleagues to Dedicate New Parkland in the Foothills.

James Keene, City Manager, reported in 2011 John Arrillaga approached
Staff with an unsolicited proposal to acquire long-term access and use of 7.7
acres gifted to the City "for conservation including park and recreation
purposes" by the Lee family in 1981.           In January 2012 Mr. Arrillaga
expressed interest in leasing the property for 25 years. His expressed
interest was to secure long-term access to the property. Staff discussed
potential options and requirements for a lease and a purchase. A May 2012
appraisal of the property set a value of $175,000. The City informed
Mr. Arrillaga it would not consider selling the property at that appraised
price. Additional offsetting parkland and a higher sale price could be factors
in any City consideration of selling its interest in the 7.7 acres. On June 4,
2012 and September 18, 2012 the Council held Closed Sessions on the
topic. Staff clearly indicated a policy session would need to be scheduled for
public discussion of options and issues as part of any decision to proceed.
The City informed Mr. Arrillaga that any sale of public land could involve the
Surplus Property Act and would be subject to local bidding requirements.
Mr. Arrillaga withdrew his proposal.

Council Member Holman noted the consultant in the first Study Session of
the evening indicated that every square foot of parkland was valuable in a
built-out community. Many colleagues did not realize this land existed or
that it was City owned. She requested coauthors of the Colleagues Memo be
allowed to make comments prior to public speakers.

                                                                        Page 20 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
