                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Klein inquired about the source of HCD's authority to
require a surplus of housing units.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, reported a statutory requirement
stated if a housing site was identified on the inventory and was removed for
some reason, then the City was required to add another site on the
inventory.

Council Member Klein felt the surplus was advance planning for an event
that may or may not occur.

Ms. Silver added that the provision applied only to general law cities. When
submitting the existing Housing Element for certification, Staff took the
position that the provision did not apply to Palo Alto because Palo Alto was a
charter city. In response, HCD required a policy to monitor and include a
surplus. In the Updated Housing Element, Staff believed HCD would require
a surplus as part of the negotiation. HCD might not have a statutory right to
require a surplus.

Council Member Klein asked why Staff proposed a surplus in that case.

Ms. Silver remarked that Staff wanted a certified Housing Element.

Council Member Klein inquired whether the City could request some type of
declaratory relief or sue HCD after certification of the Housing Element.

Ms. Gitelman explained that prevailing against HCD was difficult. HCD
interpreted its statutory authority broadly. In Staff's experience, HCD
routinely requested a surplus in all jurisdictions. Staff's recommendation
was to include some housing units as a surplus. The RHMC suggested Staff
use the surplus as part of negotiations with HCD.

Council Member Klein suggested the City take a stronger stand and
questioned whether the Housing Element law accomplished anything.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested Staff comment on consequences suffered by
cities that did not comply.

Ms. Silver indicated Menlo Park was sued by a group of housing advocates.
In a settlement agreement, Menlo Park agreed to pay approximately
$800,000 to a consultant to prepare a Housing Element in a short time
period and to pay attorneys' fees. Menlo Park ultimately paid more than $1
million. If a court found that a city did not have a certified Housing Element,
it could issue an injunction requiring a city to stop issuing all building
permits to all projects until a Housing Element was certified. A court could

                                                                            Page 12 of 14
                                                             Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 06/04/14
