                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt felt the community should not discuss the amount of
growth without having the context of whether changes would enhance or
degrade the quality of life. The community did not have that context for the
conversation. The scenarios concerned mostly amount of growth. He had
been raising the context question for two years and each time was told the
City did not have the time and resources to invest in that.

Ms. Gitelman hoped to provide the community and Council with the effects
of different types and locations of growth on the quality of life of people who
lived and worked in Palo Alto. Staff felt the community would not be
satisfied with a high-level analysis. The community would want a detailed,
quantified analysis akin to that in a program-level EIR. Staff needed to start
the analysis in order to provide answers about impacts of ideas on the City's
quality of life.

Council Member Holman referred to the map in the presentation which
showed Research Park and the east side of Highway 101 as the same color.
She inquired whether both were considered opportunity sites.

Ms. Gitelman explained that each of one of the numbered areas was a focus
area. Focus areas were identified in the workshop as locations where
change could occur under the scenarios.

Council Member Holman asked if there were focus areas on the east side of
Highway 101.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes. Under Scenarios 1, 2, and 3, that area would
remain the same. That area was zoned for nonresidential use and was
largely built out. In Scenario 4, that area could include some residential
uses.

Council Member Holman recalled that the Council directed Staff to review the
process used to create the South of Forest Area (SOFA) and determine if any
components could be utilized in the Comprehensive Plan Update. She
inquired whether Staff reviewed the SOFA process and what they learned.

Ms. Gitelman addressed that in the Staff Report regarding formation of the
Leadership Group. Community input from the scoping meetings indicated a
real interest in specific planning for geographic areas. The Comprehensive
Plan Update could set the tone for specific planning in geographic areas.
Once the visioning process was complete, Staff wanted to discuss specific
planning in critical areas of the City.

Council Member Holman was concerned that the Leadership Group was an
outreach group and not modeled after the SOFA group. She inquired
                                                                          Page 8 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes 08/06/14
