                       FINAL MINUTES
because it did not take homes. She was interested in sharing materials with
adjacent cities.

ACTION ITEMS

14.   Review of City Hall Remodel Project.

Council Member Scharff believed the purpose of discussing the City Hall
Remodel Project was transparency, which would be undercut by the lateness
of the hour. He suggested that Agenda Item Number 14, Review of City Hall
Remodel Project, be continued due to the late hour.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the item would be removed from the Agenda and
rescheduled for a future Council meeting. She requested the rationale for
listing it as an action item.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Council requested it be listed as an
action item.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the item could be scheduled for
the following week's Council meeting.

Mayor Shepherd would review the Agenda for the October 27, 2014 meeting.

Council Member Holman noted the Council had been awaiting the item for a
few months.

Mayor Shepherd announced a break at 9:50 P.M. and returned at 10:05 P.M.

13.   Council Review of Possible Financing Methods for Construction of One
      or More New Parking Garages in Downtown and Direction to Staff
      Regarding Next Steps.

Mayor Shepherd reported Staff released a Request for Information (RFI)
soliciting ideas from private sector entities interested in constructing parking
garages on City-owned parking lots in exchange for consideration to be
defined in responses. Two responses were provided to illustrate possible
financing options. Next steps could include preparation of a draft scope of
work for a Request for Proposals (RFP) for construction of a publicly financed
garage on Parking Lots D (Hamilton Avenue at Waverly Street), A (Lytton
Avenue and Emerson Street), or E. She inquired about the location of Lot E.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, advised Lot E was located on
Gilman Street immediately behind Chase Bank.


                                                                            Page 21 of 35
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 10/20/14
