                     CITY OF PALO ALTO
                       CITY COUNCIL
                         MINUTES
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                            February 10, 2014


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
            Shepherd

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.    Measure E Update: The Energy/Compost Facility Request for Proposals
      (E/CF RFP) Identified Pricing for Privately-Funded Projects and
      Technologies to Jointly Handle Food Scraps, Yard Trimmings and
      Biosolids and Considered Processing at the Regional Water Quality
      Control Plant (RWQCP) and/or Using the 10-Acre Measure E Site as
      Well as Export Options. A Summary of the E/CF RFP Proposals,
      Integration with the Biosolids Facility Plan and a Proposed Organics
      Plan are Included in this Staff Report.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director, reported the Energy/Compost
Facility (E/CF) would handle three streams of waste: yard, food, and
biosolids. The Biosolids Facility would handle only biosolids. The Council
voted to phase out the existing incinerator at the Regional Water Quality
Control Plant (RWQCP) as soon as possible, which would result in a major
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. Staff was searching for methods to
meet the goal of eliminating landfill disposal by 2021. An E/CF would
enhance the beneficial uses of organic materials and be economically
competitive. The Measure E site was undedicated as parkland for ten years.
The Council had the authority to designate it as parkland if an E/CF did not
materialize at the end of ten years. Staff released the E/CF Request for
Proposal (RFP) in March 2013, received responses in August 2013, and
continued to review responses. The technical review group, principally
composed of Staff and consultants, scored and reviewed responses. The
community review group, composed of proponents and opponents to use of
the Measure E site, reviewed documents and asked questions. Currently
commercial food scraps underwent aerobic composting in Gilroy, while
residential food scraps were not collected at all. The E/CF RFP resulted in six
proposals, which were scored 50 percent based on financial cost and 50
percent based on other goals. Two proposals did not meet the minimum
                                   1                     February 10, 2014
