                       FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Price reported no decision had been made as to whether the
sales tax initiative would be presented to the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) Board of Directors or the Santa Clara County
Board of Supervisors. Likely it would be presented to the VTA Board. VTA
Staff would present information to the VTA Board the following day.

Vice Mayor Kniss advised that she and Council Member Price attended a
meeting with representatives from Mountain View, Los Altos Hills, and Los
Altos. One representative indicated his city would not support a sales tax
increase. There was a great demand for services for seniors and low-income
groups.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Holman, Schmid yes, Shepherd absent

Council Member Berman inquired about the amount of sales tax revenues
that could be generated in north Santa Clara County.

Mr. Keene indicated Palo Alto contained approximately 3.5 percent of the
population and generated approximately 7.5 percent of sales tax revenue in
Santa Clara County.

Council Member Berman asked if the proposal included a citizen oversight
commission to ensure funds were spent as approved.

Council Member Price replied yes.

Mr. Keene felt the Committee's recommendation was thoughtful and artful.
The letter discussed the importance of the southern linkage with BART. The
existing northern linkage was utilized by many people as well. Perhaps the
letter could make the point that the southern linkage was a lifeline for Silicon
Valley.

Council Member Holman asked if the Committee discussed equitable
distribution of the $500 million that the letter proposed to transfer from
Caltrain to other transportation needs.

Council Member Price advised that the Committee did not have a detailed
discussion concerning that issue. The Committee intended for the $500
million to fund tangible projects that served mid and north Santa Clara
County.

Council Member Scharff did not want to go further on that point in the letter
as it could be a point for future negotiation.

Council Member Holman asked if the Committee was confident SVLG would
respond to the letter and seek the City's input.
                                                                              Page 4 of 14
                                                              Special City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 06/04/14
