                            MINUTES
Mr. Rossmann indicated prior to adoption of Proposition 42, the City
submitted documentation for reimbursement of activities pertaining to the
Public Records Act. Staff did not budget for that amount, because the
amount of reimbursement was unknown. The Budget made no provision for
Proposition 42 funds.

Council Member Schmid asked about the budget item “Cubberley Covenant
Not to Develop”. The budget reflected there would be an increase. He asked
if that reference was to the PAUSD Reserve or the City’s Reserve.

Mr. Rossmann replied the City's General Fund Reserve. It was an increase
for the actual amount of the interest rate.

Council Member Schmid requested an estimate of the number of positions
budgeted but not filled at the end of FY 2013 and FY 2014.

Mr. Rossmann explained that Staff assumed a certain number of unfilled
positions in each budget. The $2 million in vacancy savings from all General
Fund Department Budgets divided by an average position cost of $180,000,
resulted in 20-25 positions.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether that acted as a Reserve Fund.

Mr. Rossmann answered no. Staff assumed a certain amount of vacancy
savings in each Department's Budget and reduced the Budget upfront.

Mr. Keene added that the vacancy savings amount was credited against each
Department's budget.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the actuary's report indicated the
number of retirements had increased dramatically from 710 retirees in 2009
to 968. The Fire Department had an increase of 43 retirements between
2011 and 2013. The Police Department had an increase of 34 retirements.
Yet there remained a four-year age gap between the Police and Fire
Departments. The Police Department's average age was 38 years, while the
Fire Department's average age was 42 years. As retirements occurred, the
average age should decrease quite dramatically. He asked if the City was
hiring younger people.

Mr. Keene inquired whether Council Member Schmid thought the average
age should have decreased in the Fire Department or the Police Department.

Council Member Schmid noted two years previously, the City had a four-year
age gap between the Police and Fire Departments. After more personnel
                                                                      Page 25 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 06/09/14
