                             MINUTES

Mr. Rodriguez advised that it could be included with the following week's
presentation.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to continue this item to a meeting in September.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, planned
to provide a status report of parking initiatives the following week as well as
to focus on garage technologies. Staff received nine recommendations
related to technologies and to increased utilization of existing structures.
Staff understood the Council direction in February 2014 was for Staff to
return with initiatives as they were ready. Staff planned to return in
September for a discussion of parking supply enhancements including
public-private partnerships and recommendations for garage locations.

Mayor Shepherd recalled the item was removed from the Consent Calendar a
few weeks previously. She inquired whether the item could be continued to
the following week.

Mr. Keene expected the September 18, 2014 meeting to end at 11:30 P.M.
or later without this item. He requested the Council provide questions and
concerns in the current meeting in order to save time at the next meeting,
should the item be continued.

Council Member Klein felt a discussion of shuttle parking should be held with
or after a discussion of garage technologies. Discussing the two together
was logical.

Council Member Schmid agreed it was more logical to discuss shuttle parking
within an overall view of parking. The Development CAP Study indicated 3.2
million square feet of nonresidential space was located in Downtown.
Consequently, 12,600 parking spaces should be available in Downtown.
Existing parking spaces totaled 4,800. An additional 132 parking spaces did
not solve the parking problem. Locating 132 parking spaces in the Baylands
would save someone approximately $8 million.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Members wished to provide
comments at the current time rather than at the continued discussion.

Council Member Schmid understood the City Manager requested Council
Members' comments.


                                                                         Page 10 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/11/14
