                     FINAL MINUTES
using cars. It would be a mistake not to consider such a convenient and
robust system.

Council Member Berman felt the proposals did not address the entire need
for public transportation. Additional data was needed to create a robust
shuttle system that addressed the needs of more residents.

Mayor Shepherd requested the City Manager respond to the Amendment in
relation to the scope of work entailed by the Amendment.

Mr. Keene did not interpret the Amendment as being limited to expanded
shuttle services only; thus, he requested clarification. Over the past year,
the Council had held a broad conversation regarding responses to traffic and
parking issues and had set in motion different programs. The Amendment
was an expansion of concepts that Staff had developed. Staff would need to
provide a detailed response as to the amount of work the Amendment would
require in addition to other requirements in the Motion.

Council Member Scharff agreed to Staff returning.

Mr. Keene recommended Staff return as needed for Council action regarding
each component of the Motion.

Council Member Price commented that the Amendment was not necessary
and insulting to Staff. Mr. Rodriguez reported on concepts and information
Staff continued to develop.

SUBSTITUTE TO THE AMENDMENT:              Council Member Klein moved,
seconded by Council Member Price to continue consideration of the proposed
Amendment by Council Member Scharff to another time.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Burt, Scharff, Schmid no

Council Member Scharff called Point of Order. Council Procedures required
continuing the item to a specified time and allowed amendment and debate
as to the propriety of the time set.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Scharff was suggesting
the item had to be continued to a specific time.

Council Member Scharff answered yes.      The Motion to Continue was also
debatable.

Mayor Shepherd requested the City Attorney clarify Council action.


                                                                       Page 19 of 24
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes10/27/14
