                     FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Scharff asked if the City could require the background of the
lessee to be commercially reasonable. He felt the public was reacting to the
lack of experience of the proposed lessee.

Ms. Stump believed the Planning Department was reviewing that aspect of
the lease.

Council Member Scharff asked when Staff would present an item regarding
CPI.

Mr. Keene reported Staff was meeting on the topic. There was not a specific
date for presentation to the Council.

Council Member Scharff wanted to determine whether a Public Safety
Building could be constructed at that site.

Council Member Holman inquired about the process for informing neighbors
regarding the status of and process for evaluating a grocer.

Ms. Stump advised that Staff was not present to address that aspect;
however, Staff would provide the information at a later time.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Robert Moss realized that working residents would not be able to attend a
Council meeting that began at 6:00 P.M. Typically the Council participated
in closed sessions or study sessions between 6:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M.
Beginning business items at 6:00 P.M. would limit the number of people who
could participate in Council meetings. He suggested the Council reserve the
6:00 P.M. to 7:00 P.M. hour for closed sessions or study sessions with the
stipulation that business items would be taken up after 7:00 P.M.

Staff requested Agenda Item Number 5B pertaining to the Park
Improvement Ordinance be continued to June 2, 2014 Consent Calendar as
it was noticed incorrectly.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-7, and continuing Agenda Item Number
5B-Park Improvement Ordinance to June 2, 2014.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to remove Agenda Item Number 4 from the Consent Calendar.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF SUPPORT BY A THIRD
COUNCIL MEMBER

                                                                          Page 4 of 29
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
