                              MINUTES
Mr. Green explained that the back wall supported the entire building.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
make a one-time contribution of up to $1,000,000 toward the cost of
rehabilitation of the back wall including the seismic rehabilitation of the City
owned Roth Building located at 300 Homer Avenue, in conformance with
historic standards.

Ms. Stump inquired whether the Council wished to state in the Motion that if
rehabilitation work was completed for less than $1 million, then the balance
of funds would be returned to the City or expended on the remainder of
needs for the facility.

Vice Mayor Kniss indicated the amount would be up to $1 million.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the source of funds should the
Council choose to supply them to the History Museum.

Mr. Perez suggested the Council could reprioritize the Capital Improvement
Program (CIP) to accommodate funding for the History Museum or withdraw
approximately $661,000 from the Budget Stabilization Reserve (BSR) Fund.

Council Member Schmid asked if either of those alternatives would affect the
Council's recent pledge to expend a certain amount for infrastructure
projects.

Mr. Perez advised that the Council would have to reprioritize the projects not
contained on the list of infrastructure projects.

Council Member Schmid requested examples of projects not on the list.

Mr. Perez needed to review that information and get back to Council.

Council Member Klein believed the Motion would withdraw funds from
projects carefully considered for funding or from the Budget Reserve. The
Council did not have to fund repairs at the current time. The previous
arrangement was for the History Museum to pay for any repairs after 2007-
2008.

Council Member Price would support the Motion.        She questioned whether
the Motion should include the source of funding.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood Staff addressed funding sources.

Mr. Perez provided options for Council consideration.


12/15/2014                                                              116- 258
