                      FINAL MINUTES
(RFP). Stanford University chose not to partner with the City of Palo Alto
regarding the shuttle program.

Mr. Crosley remarked that the Marguerite system was very successful,
because many of the riders were captive. The Embarcadero route provided
a similar service to many of the Marguerite routes.

Council Member Schmid noted 85 percent of ridership utilized shuttle service
multiple times per week and a potential 40-60 percent increase in ridership
by increasing shuttle frequency. He inquired about a connection between
current riders and potential new riders.

Mr. Crosley would not want to opine without clearly understanding ridership.
The 40-60 percent increase in ridership was based on national data. Based
on data from the shuttle survey, 60 percent of riders utilized shuttles four or
more days per week. Therefore, increased ridership could come from the 40
percent of riders utilizing shuttle service less than four days per week. In
addition, increased shuttle frequency could convince other individuals to
utilize shuttles.

Council Member Schmid indicated transit use changed dramatically with
density. Palo Alto was on the lower end of density and size. He asked if the
40 percent accounted for Palo Alto's unique position in size and density.

Mr. Crosley reported little research existed regarding the unique context of
community-based services. He was attempting to provide a general idea of
the amount of potential increased ridership. The cost of parking was
another factor in people's decisions regarding transportation. There were
many variables to consider when attempting to increase ridership. The
challenge lay in convincing people with cars to take public transit whether
daily or occasionally.

Council Member Holman referred to the map on Slide 8 which seemed to
indicate Research Park and Barron Park were not high likelihood users of
transit. Barron Park residents expressed an interest in shuttle service even
though they traveled to Mountain View and Los Altos for shopping. She
requested Staff comment on ranking those areas as not likely to utilize
shuttle service.

Mr. Rodriguez had received a great deal of interest from residents in Barron
Park regarding shuttle service; consequently, Staff proposed a stop at
Matadero Avenue as part of the west route. Staff talked with the City of
Mountain View about partnering in shuttle service, but it had no interest.
The City of Menlo Park expressed an interest in partnering with the City.

                                                                         Page 11 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
