                            MINUTES
Ms. Silver understood the Motion did not utilize the Extension Ordinance,
rather the Motion utilized the Council's inherent ability to amend a PC
Ordinance.

Council Member Holman was surprised by demolition of the existing
buildings. She did not believe demolition permits were granted prior to
building permits. She inquired whether there were any other pending
permits that might trouble the Council.

Ms. Gitelman reported an application for grading and excavation was
pending. Any Council action would determine whether that permit could be
issued.

Council Member Scharff was concerned that the Motion did not provide good
directions to the Applicant. The Council had a limited legal obligation to
review a particular phrase of the PC Ordinance. He strongly felt the
Applicant needed a direct operator.

SUBSTITUTE:       Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt that the City Council approves the grocery tenant with the
following conditions of approval, which shall be included in a voluntary
agreement to be executed by the City Manager and the property owner
before issuance of any grading, excavation or building permit, including:

      1. The Owner/Applicant shall modify its contractual arrangements so
         as to lease the grocery tenant space directly with an experienced
         grocery store owner/operator team;

      2. The operator shall be subject to approval by the City Council prior
         to issuance of an occupancy permit;

      3. Daily penalties of $2,000 in the event the approved market goes
         out of business and is not replaced with another experienced
         grocery operator within six months; and

      4. Direct Staff to return on December 8, 2014 on the Consent
         Calendar with notice of an extension to the PC Ordinance until
         March 31, 2015.

Council Member Klein concurred with much of Council Member Scharff's
proposal; however, the Council should not be too involved in the Applicant's
business. It was the Applicant's responsibility to propose a grocer.

Council Member Scharff felt that Council comments were varied and lacked
specific direction. The Council needed a clear record of its intentions.




12/01/2014                                                           116- 157
