                             MINUTES
14.   Approval of Staff Recommendations Concerning Responses to Palo Alto
      Compost Facility Request for Proposals for Yard Trimmings and
      Residential Food Scraps at the Measure E Site. Staff Recommends
      that Council Direct Staff to Pursue One of the Two Following Options:

      Option #1 (Lower-Cost Option): Reject all Proposals Received in
      Response to the “Compost Facility for Yard Trimmings and Residential
      Food Scraps”.

      Option #2 (Local Facility Option): Begin Negotiations with Synergy to
      Develop a Contract for Design, Construction and Operations of a
      Composting Facility on a 3.8-acre Section of the Measure E Site.
      If Staff is Unable to Negotiate a Contract with Synergy then Staff
      is Directed to Initiate Negotiations with a second company.

Council took a break at 10:03 P.M. and returned at 10:10 P.M.

Mayor Shepherd recalled that earlier in 2014 the Council rejected the
Request for Proposals (RFP) to develop an anaerobic digester and issued a
new RFP for a digester to exclude yard trimmings. The Council directed Staff
to include composting of yard trimmings and household food scraps and to
return with proposal results prior to year end.

Mike Sartor, Director of Public Works, reported in May 2014 the Council
directed Staff to issue an RFP for composting of yard trimmings and
residential food scraps at the Measure E site. Staff received four proposals in
September 2014 and asked clarifying questions in October.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Public Works, advised that Proposal Number
1 would compost materials outside Palo Alto. The anaerobic digester at the
sewage treatment plant was the main component of the Organics Facility
Plan. Preliminary design of the digester was complete, and a contract would
be presented to the Council in the next few weeks. The RFP requested
proposals for a design, build, operate, and maintenance contract and would
include an Environmental Impact Report (EIR). The City would finance and
own the facility and equipment. Primary environmental requirements were
odor and noise control. Staff structured the RFP to require an enclosed
facility around all compost operations. Staff eliminated BioMRFs proposal,
because they did not feel its guarantor was strong enough. Remaining
proposals were submitted by Synergy, Harvest Power, and GreenWaste.
Staff ranked proposals based on qualitative and cost measures. Synergy
ranked Number 1, Harvest Power Number 2, and GreenWaste Number 3.
Synergy proposed use of an enclosed system. Option Number 1 would ship
material to a compost facility located outside Palo Alto and would cost
substantially less than the three proposals.

12/08/2014                                                             116- 218
