                              MINUTES
Once the Staff Report was presented, the applicant had up to 10 minutes to
speak, the public then made their comments; each person from the public
had three minutes to speak. The applicant had three minutes for rebuttal,
and then the Council asked questions and made a Motion; Council was able
to continue this Item to a future date if necessary. She wanted to know if
this Item was time sensitive.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment
remarked that the Public Hearings were noticed but this Item could be
continued if Council was not able to reach resolution.

Clare Campbell, Senior Planner relayed the first component was the historic
reclassification from a Category Three to a Category Two Historic Resource;
being a Category Two made the building eligible for 15,000 square feet of
TDR’s. The second component was the architectural review for the proposed
exteriors of the site, which included the rehabilitation and improvement at
the rear of the site. The standard review required review by the Historic
Resources Board (HRB) and action by Council. The review of the exterior
improvements required review by the HRB, Architectural Review Board
(ARB), and action by the Planning Director.             The HRB unanimously
recommended approval on April 16, 2014 and the ARB recommended
approval on June 5, 2014. This project required removal and relocation of
the floor area from the basement to create an addition at the rear of the site
and a clear understanding of the term “Building Envelope”. Once the historic
reclassification was complete and developed, the site needed to be fully
parked, as well as meet the Municipal Code definition for a Category Two
Historic Resource. The project met this definition because it had regional
importance as one of the largest Spanish Colonial buildings revived in the
Bay Area, it was designed by Birge Clark, and the building retained its
original design intent. The proposed rehabilitation work included the repair
of the red clay tile roof, cleaning and repairs of the stucco, the restoration of
the ornamental iron work, rehabilitation of the steel case windows, and the
restoration of all the store fronts along Ramona Street and Hamilton Avenue.
When the Downtown Parking Assessment District was established, the
building was thought to have 37,800 square feet of floor area, which
included the basement. The project plans proposed converting the majority
of the basement into a parking facility, which meant that 8,300 square feet
of floor area was going to be decommissioned. For all improvements of
historic buildings, the Secretary of Interior Standards of Historic
Rehabilitation must give approval; this plan was in compliance with them.




06/23/2014                                                          115- 197
