The Council received messages and data that should be considered when
reenacting Priorities for the year.

Council Member Burt concurred with City Manager comments regarding
Technology, as it could be folded into the Work Plan. He suggested the Land
Use and Transportation portion of the Comprehensive Plan update be the
Priority for 2014. He proposed use of the term "built environment" rather
than "urban design" because urban design was a real concern for many
members of the community. Our Palo Alto was a process, not a Priority.
Our Palo Alto could help the Council move toward concrete actions.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to have two priorities for 2014; 1) Updated Comprehensive Land Use and
Transportation Plan; the Built Environment –Transportation, Parking and
Livability, and 2) Infrastructure Strategy and Funding.

Council Member Klein expressed concern about eliminating Technology as a
Priority. He would agree to its elimination with the City Manager's assurance
that Staff would continue working on it.

Mr. Keene clarified he suggested substituting another Priority for
Technology. If the question was accountability, he would prefer it remain as
a Priority. Technology could provide assistance with the larger piece of
community conversation and outreach.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Council Member Burt was agreeable to
retaining Technology as a Priority.

Council Member Burt responded yes.

Council Member Klein preferred retaining Technology as a Priority.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add Technology and the Connected City back in
as a third priority.

Council Member Holman supported Priority Number 1 and Number 2, and
suggested the third Priority be Natural Environment: Urban Forest, Natural
Habitat Resource Conservation.

Council Member Burt viewed that as a Core Value around environmental
sustainability.


                                                                       Page 10 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/01/14
