                             MINUTES
Ms. Campbell remarked that there was no way to get more spaces, other
than using a valet program because of the placement of the columns and the
elevator.

Council Member Price suggested stack parking but did not recommend
having parking drive decisions. If the building life was 30 – 40 years, people
had to be careful about using old paradigms when achieving mobility now.
The benefit to the community was a beautified building. The life safety issue
was a critical part of the proposal and should not be minimized.

Ms. Gitelman requested information about what it meant to continue this
Item.

Ms. Silver said first, there needed to be discussion among Staff and the
applicant, and then the applicant had to submit a modified proposal. Staff
determined whether the modified proposal needed to go back to the ARB. It
was possible to bring the Item directly back to Council, but the modification
might trigger additional discussion, in which case the proposal was sent
directly to the ARB.

Mayor Shepherd said the discussion of building envelope was good and
supported the upgrade to a Category Two. She noticed that the applicant
was willing to fill the space underneath the street and requested more
information because that eliminated square footage in the basement.

Ms. Campbell answered that the area under the two different sidewalks was
approximately 2,050 square feet.

Mayor Shepherd answered that “two different sidewalks” was not clear.

Ms. Campbell clarified that underneath the street sidewalks dealt with
Ramona Street and Hamilton Avenue. The City was supportive of filling this
because there were a lot of maintenance issues with filling in the sidewalks,
and problems with water and leakage. The plan was to fill it in with dirt and
wall it off, making it inaccessible; this made room for trees.

Mayor Shepherd clarified that was part of the square footage that was meant
for above.

Ms. Campbell said yes.



06/23/2014                                                       115- 207
