                    ACTION MINUTES
      Quality of Products and Services as JJ&F as it Existed and Operated on
      December 7, 2009 at 2180 El Camino Real.

13.   Review of City Hall Remodel Project (Continued From November 10,
      2014).

No Action Taken

14.   Policy Discussion on Whether to Conduct a Closed Session Prior to an
      Open Session to Discuss the 2014-2015 Management & Professional
      Compensation Plan; Possible Referral to Policy & Services Regarding
      Closed/Open Session Practice for Compensation Matters.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to accept Staff recommendation to that the City Council:

1) Continue the current practice of discussing appropriate elements of the
   FY 2015 proposed Management & Professional Compensation Plan
   (“Plan”) in closed session as permitted under the Ralph M. Brown Act
   (“Brown Act”), followed by a presentation, discussion and adoption of
   the Plan in open session as an Action Item.

2) Refer to the Policy and Services Committee the discussion of alternatives
    regarding the use and sequence of closed and open sessions for
    discussing compensation and benefits changes for the various labor
    groups and the unrepresented Management and Professional group.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member XXX to: 1) discuss proposed Management and Professional
Compensation in public session, and 2) refer to the Policy and Services
Committee the discussion of alternatives regarding the use and sequence of
closed and open sessions for discussing compensation and benefits changes
for the various labor groups and the unrepresented Management and
Professional group.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF SECOND

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Scharff No, Holman absent

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting was adjourned at 10:47 P.M.




                                                                          Page 4 of 4
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes11/17/14
