             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Supervisor Simitian reported the County needed a bare structure that could
be retrofitted, basically a large warehouse. Shower and restroom facilities,
cooking facilities, office space or partitioned areas were not essential. The
primary concerns were size, location, and access to public transportation.

Council Member Holman requested Supervisor Simitian comment on ways
the City could coordinate with the County in terms of timing and programs,
and ways the City and County could leverage outside resources. Perhaps
the City and County could work across counties to solve human issues.

Supervisor Simitian remarked that one advantage was the County and City
had the same fiscal year. The City should present proposals early. Any
conversation should begin by determining whether a proposal was within the
County's purview. He asked the Council to keep in mind that he had
obligations to other cities as well as Palo Alto.

Council Member Holman asked Supervisor Simitian to define early.

Supervisor Simitian suggested conversations regarding proposals should
begin now.

Council Member Klein thanked Supervisor Simitian's staff for their support
and efforts in the transfer of the Airport.

Supervisor Simitian felt the transfer of the Airport was sensible.     His only
role was to speed efforts to meet grant cycles.

Council Member Klein remarked that the Council concluded that the Silicon
Valley Leadership Group's (SVLG) tax proposal for 2014 shortchanged
Caltrain and thus Palo Alto. He inquired whether the Board of Supervisors
had discussed the proposal for 2016 or deferred it to the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA).

Supervisor Simitian recalled an op-ed article he wrote in 2000 for a similar
tax proposal. In that article, he argued that his constituents were quite
enthusiastic about County-wide and regional solutions, but they had a
legitimate expectation of some tangible benefits. When approached by the
SVLG in 2014, he raised the same issue. Postponing the measure to 2016
provided the County with time to determine what it wanted so it could
partner with cities to raise issues.

Council Member Scharff believed a sub-regional process for the Regional
Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) contained benefits and risks for Palo Alto.
The Santa Clara County Cities Association had started working on a sub-
regional process with trades.
                                                                         Page 3 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
