                      DRAFT MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss was familiar with Grand Jury reports. The response was
appropriate and adequate.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member XXX to
approve the response to the 2013-2014 Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury
Report, “The City of Palo Alto’s Actions Reduced Transparency and Inhibited
Public Input and Scrutiny on Important Land Issues”, and authorizes the
Mayor to send a letter to the Grand Jury with the City’s response by the
deadline of September 18, 2014.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mark Weiss studied civics at Terman Junior High School and Gunn High
School. He stood in silence for the remainder of his provided time to express
his views of the Grand Jury.

J. Craig Holland believed the synopsis did not demonstrate Council
acceptance of responsibility for Council actions. It was difficult to believe the
7.7 acres was going to be sold for $175,000. Spending $250,000 to explore
the project seemed to be inappropriate.

Herb Borock suggested the Council appoint a Committee to write the
Council's response. The City should seek public input regarding surplus City-
owned land before the Council met to discuss the property.            Council
discussion of whether there should be a transaction could only occur in Open
Session. Discussion of the train depot had been characterized by reduced
transparency and inhibited public input.

John Fredrich felt minimal transparency and lack of full disclosure led people
to question the adequacy of the process. The $175,000 appraisal amount
was extremely low.      He questioned whether the response adequately
explained the lack of impetus for Council actions.

Sea Reddy indicated the Council should respond truthfully and take action
against those involved.

Council Member Burt did not believe editing the response at a late hour was
efficient or wise. The Mayor could appoint a subcommittee to revise the
response. He inquired about the Agenda for September 15, 2014.

Mr. Keene reported the Agenda for September 15 included a Closed Session,
a Study Session, adoption of a Resolution regarding enforcement of water
waste restrictions, a public hearing, and two Closed Sessions.



                                                                            Page 30 of 40
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
