                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman mentioned a letter about the review of this project,
which was provided by Bill Ross, a former State Fire Marshall. The letter
said 24 feet was a generally accepted alternative for proposed road width,
assuming the sidewalk withstood the weight of the fire apparatus and the
curbs were rolled. He inquired whether the sidewalk was able to withstand
the weight of the fire apparatus.

Mr. Dean replied yes.

Council Member Berman continued reading the letter, which said it was
impossible to foresee all the possible circumstances, therefore the Fire Code
needed to be viewed as a set of regulations and a guide; understanding the
intent of a provision and evaluation of a situation when applying the Fire
Code to grant modifications and to meet an acceptable level of fire and life
safety. It was impossible to State every possible situation in the Fire Code.
It was permissible for the City’s Fire inspection officials to make an
interpretation of the Fire Code. He was glad that Stanford University was
accommodating with regard to the sidewalks.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about areas where fire trucks and hoses did not
reach, in relation to the two dead-end streets.

Mr. Nickel answered that there was plenty of hose to reach the fires. When
the Fire Marshall reviewed the project, the hydrants were moved to provide
better coverage. Fire engines carried 730 feet of large diameter hose, all
trucks carried an additional 200 feet of hose. Concerning the 24 or 26 foot
street width and the rolled curbs: this was so one fire engine could get to
the location and another fire apparatus could get by.

Vice Mayor Kniss thought it was far more likely that a paramedic would need
to access these areas, then a fire hose. She inquired about the access of a
paramedic.

Mr. Nickel replied that a typical response call was one fire truck with three
personnel and one paramedic with two personnel. Both vehicles fit down
private driveways. He noted that the ambulance was smaller. He remarked
that turnarounds were more for convenience than improving life safety.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about the bulb-outs.

Ms. Gitelman reiterated that Stanford University was prepared to alter the
bulbs outs and install rolled curbs.

06/23/2014                                                       115- 218
