                             MINUTES
Walter Rossmann, Director of Office of Management and Budget, reported
the intent of the negotiation guiding principles was to provide the Council
with a sense of the types of conversations to be held between Staff and the
Friends.

Council Member Price requested further clarification.

Mr. Rossmann explained that Staff may need to return to the Council in
Closed Session to address contract terms. The negotiation guiding principles
were designed to provide a sense of the kinds of negotiations Staff planned
to have with the Friends. As the JMZ evolved, it was important for the City
to have a continued relationship and an established structure with the
Friends.

Council Member Holman referenced the LOI regarding access to and non-
exclusive use and possession of the construction site and regarding a Park
Improvement Ordinance for any portion of the project to be constructed
within Rinconada Park. The project was being planned in coordination with
the Rinconada Park Master Plan, but that did not address building on
dedicated parkland. She did not understand how a Park Improvement
Ordinance could incorporate a new structure being built on dedicated
parkland.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, understood the structure would fit within the
type of permissible activity that worked as a park or recreation facility. It
would be a park-related structure. The Council authorized many park
structures through a Park Improvement Ordinance.

Council Member Holman requested Staff provide clear language on that issue
when information was provided to the Council in the future.

James Keene, City Manager, would do so.

Council Member Scharff shared Council Member Price's concerns regarding
the negotiation guiding principles.      He inquired whether one point of
negotiation was the City's input into the programs offered by JMZ.

Ms. Coleman reported the purpose of the LOI was to allow the Friends to
speak with Staff on a formal basis.

Council Member Scharff wanted to understand the reasons for including
negotiation guiding principles.




11/10/2014                                                             116- 97
