                             MINUTES

Richard Brand requested the Council approve the Resolution as presented;
retain the fee structure; advise Staff to continue the stakeholder group; and
assign a Council Member to the stakeholder group.

Council Member Burt asked if the stakeholder group discussed a price
preference for low-wage employees and the accessibility of permit
preference.

Mr. Brand advised that the stakeholder group reached consensus with
respect to both pricing and prioritization of permits for low-wage employees.

Norman Beamer expressed concern about parking problems shifting with
implementation of an RPP Program.   Commercial parking in adjacent
annexed areas should be limited.

Herb Borock supported adoption of the Resolution. The Council should
include a provision that any areas annexed would not allow employee permit
parking. A parking shift would occur if the Council allowed employee parking
in adjacent areas.

Frank Slattery believed an RPP Program would be good; however, it should
not extend to areas that were not currently affected by parking. The area
east of Middlefield Road and north of University Avenue should be excluded
from the initial coverage area.

Nielson Buchanan felt the first phase would be execution and the second
phase would be refinement. He expressed concern about the resources of
City Staff to cover pending items.

Public Hearing closed at 11:30 P.M.

Council Member Schmid referred to Section 5E of the Resolution regarding
the Director consulting with the P&TC. The RPP Ordinance stated the Council
was responsible for such issues. Therefore, Section 5E should state the
Council rather than the P&TC. With residences generating the majority of
City revenues, the Council needed to ensure the commercial sector paid its
fair share.

Council   Member     Klein   would   support   the   stakeholder   group's
recommendation; although, he did not agree with each position they took.
He expressed concern that the provision allowing two-hour parking for non-
permit holders would defeat the purpose of an RPP Program.

Ms. Sullivan indicated the two-hour parking provision worked with the low-
wage employee permit.       A majority of hourly workers indicated their
willingness to purchase permits for $100 a year so as not to move their cars
every few hours.
12/02/2014                                                            116- 184
