                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein asked if Staff had requested editorial support from
local media.

Mr. Teresi understood local newspapers had published articles about the
process and expressed frustration.

Mr. Keene had not made an explicit request to media.

Council Member Klein inquired about possible legislative actions.

Mr. Keene reported Staff was exploring that avenue.

Council Member Price felt the Water Board was arbitrary and capricious. She
asked if Federal agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA), the Corps of Engineers (Corps), and Federal Emergency Management
Agency (FEMA), would not engage in State issues even if the issue involved
Federal funds. She suggested Staff contact Barbara Marshman at the San
Jose Mercury News regarding an editorial.

Mr. Materman explained that the Water Quality Certification was a Federal
requirement. The Corps of Engineers in California requested the State Water
Board who in turn requested Regional Water Boards to provide this
certification. The JPA considered options for other entities to assume the
Water Board's responsibilities, which would be a precedent. The Water
Board rather than the EPA or the Corps of Engineers was given the authority
to make this decision. State legislators had been active on the topic and
Federal legislators offered assistance.

Vice Mayor Kniss seemed to recall Federal funds were involved in the
project.

Mr. Keene advised that Congresswomen Eshoo and Speier were successful in
obtaining funding in the Federal 2015 budget.

Mr. Materman indicated the President's budget included $900,000 for the
overall Corps study. The JPA agreed to separate the Bay to Highway 101
project from the overall Corps project in order to move forward.

Mr. Teresi stated the JPA received $8 million in State funding that had to be
expended by a certain date or be lost.

Mr. Keene added that the project had approximately $8 million in funding
that had to be expended by 2016.

                                                                           Page 23 of 31
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 09/22/14
