                      FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Keene conferred with the City Attorney and determined if there were
valid concerns founded Staff would return the item to Council for further
explanation.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

10.   Proposed Changes in Development Impact Fees: Implementation of
      New Public Safety Facility and General Government Facilities Fees.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Holman recalled Mr. Balin's comments regarding the
proposed grocery at College Terrace Center. She requested Staff present an
item describing that proposal for Council comment.

James Keene, City Manager, reported Staff received one proposal and
returned it with a request for a great deal of additional information. That
information had not been submitted.

Council Member Holman asked Staff to present the proposal to the Council
once the additional information was received.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised Staff would typically provide information
to the Council through an email or other notification.

Council Member Holman hoped for an Action Item so that the Council could
provide comment.

Mr. Keene requested time to determine the status of the matter so as to
better inform the Council's direction to Staff.

Council Member Holman did not wish to receive an information item after the
fact.

Mr. Keene assured her that would not happen.

Council Member Schmid was struck by the use of "equal" in the requirement
for the ownership of a grocery to be equal to that of JJ&F. He was interested
in a Staff response to the use of the word "equal."

Mayor Shepherd lobbied with Council Member Scharff and the Silicon Valley
Leadership Group in Sacramento the prior week.          The Silicon Valley
Leadership Group advocated for initiatives which did not always correlate
with the City's interests. While in Sacramento, she met the Development
Center's software contractor who complimented the City's achievements with
the Development Center.
                                                                          Page 28 of 29
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
