                              MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman explained that the building was “Grandfathered,” which meant
it did not adhere to the current building standards. Grandfathered buildings
were able to be improved, as long as there was no increase in the floor area,
no change to the building footprint, no increase in the height, length, or
building envelope, or any other increase in size; Staff’s proposal did not
violate any of those regulations. There were two interpretations of “building
envelope:” 1) the building itself or the building skin; and 2) buildable area.
In definition two, the relocation of square footage was allowed. The second
interpretation was the more accurate because of a close reading of the
Municipal Code, how the term was interpreted in the past, and the common
usage in a zoning context. If the drafters of the Municipal Code meant the
building envelope to refer to the building skin, there was no direct mention
of the increase of the building size. A second reason was in the past, the
City allowed relocation of square footage. Staff looked to neighboring
jurisdictions as to how other planners defined this wordage and found that
very few jurisdictions used the term “building envelope” in zoning
Ordinances because there was difficulty in the interpretation. Building
envelope was also used in connection with energy efficiency, which related
to the skin of the building, or the building itself. Staff’s proposal enabled the
project to generate 15,000 square feet of TDR’s, but the project was not
going to result in a net increase of usable square footage.                  The
improvements added parking to the site but the project would not change
the elevation of the building.

Public Hearing opened at 7:16 P.M.

Brent McClure, spoke for the Applicant and said there was going to be a
restoration of the windows, a reduction in the ground floor, and replacement
of the transit windows. He hoped restoration would continue on Centennial
Walk, along Ramona Street and Hamilton Avenue.            There were other
proposals, but the plans were changed to make the building more historically
compatible.    The existing floors were 30,000 square feet, with an 11,000
square foot basement, which was usable space today; this left 32,000
square feet of space to be used.            The project proposal included
decommission of about 8,300 square feet of basement space. He noted that
this proposal could not to be changed in the future, as it would become a
condition of approval.     The basement plan included nine underground
parking stalls. There was a planned addition of two floors to the existing
one story piece, which added 5,900 square feet. The mezzanine piece took
away almost 2,000 square feet, and with the basement, the net change
brought the building down to 37,500 square feet; this caused a loss of close
to 4,400 square feet of usable space. The building, before improvements,
maximized at 42,000 square feet.

06/23/2014                                                          115- 198
