                             MINUTES
would allow more redevelopment than any other scenario; however, it was
predicated on the assumption that all new development would be required to
be net zero in terms of vehicle miles traveled and greenhouse gas emissions.
Staff and consultants requested input regarding appropriate performance
standards to test in the EIR. If the Council approved, Staff would begin the
work of quantifying each scenario for analysis in the EIR.

Ms. Gitelman reported each phase of the Comprehensive Plan Update
included opportunities for Council input and direction. At the end of the
visioning phase, Staff hoped to receive the Council's approval on possible
alternatives to analyze in the EIR. Approximately five months were needed
to prepare a Draft EIR. Staff proposed the use of multiple alternatives in
order to provide maximum flexibility for the Council to choose among
alternatives, to blend elements of alternatives, and to drive the discussion
towards adoption of a Comprehensive Plan that reflected the collective vision
of the community.

James Keene, City Manager, remarked that Staff was guided by a schedule
that was developed with the Council's approval. There was a great deal of
focus on the EIR process because of the specific requirements in California to
effectuate public decisions. In listening to public comment and reviewing
the data, the Council could determine the direction in which the City should
proceed.    The land use form and the direct lifestyle in residential
communities would remain unchanged during the process. The essential
discussion would be the form and pace of change within a few, small areas.
The Council's role was to ensure public participation was sufficient prior to
making a final decision.      The Council wanted and Staff committed to
strengthen formally the continuous use of the Comprehensive Plan in
informing public policy decisions.

Council Member Klein considered the current discussion of the proposed
scenarios and process as being high level rather than detailed. However,
the scenarios contained some details more relevant to a future discussion.

Ms. Gitelman explained that a scenario could impact policy, the land use
map, and infrastructure, all of which had to be analyzed in the EIR. For each
scenario, Staff attempted to identify key changes in transportation
infrastructure. One included testing improvements related to the County of
Santa Clara's (County) expressways. One included testing the idea of
depressing Caltrain tracks for a portion of the City. The third included
testing the idea of expanded transit.

Council Member Klein asked why each scenario did not contain suggestions
along those lines. The scenarios did not include a long list of potential
changes. He was unclear as to the type of input the Council and the public

                                                                        Page 11 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/04/14
