Mr. Rodriguez reported planning grants targeted land use and compatibility
with surrounding uses. Grants were offered for cities to pursue projects for
which they would not normally have funds. Planning grants were usually
offered every few years and in advance of larger capital grant programs.
Planning grants allowed cities to determine whether they wished to proceed
with a project through capital grants.

Mayor Shepherd reiterated that the City could study a project through a
planning grant and determine whether to proceed with the project when
capital grants were offered. She inquired about the frequency of grants.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that the cycle for grants changed due to the OBAG
process. Typically grants were offered every four to five years. Another
grant would not be offered until 2017 or 2018. The 27 University Avenue
project introduced discussions between partner agencies, wherein the San
Mateo County Transportation Authority (SamTrans) indicated it would not
plan the site without partner agencies.

Council Member Berman inquired about the amount of grant funds being
offered.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated VTA was offering slightly more than $2 million for
Santa Clara County. MTC required minimum requests of $500,000. The
Urban Lane site would meet that requirement.

Council Member Berman asked if the City could fund planning studies.

Mr. Keene replied yes.

Council Member Berman noted the Urban Lane site would be a component of
Comprehensive Plan discussions if the Council chose to pursue it.

Council Member Burt recalled Council direction was for Staff to develop a
community design process for the area. Staff should have applied for a
grant for that planning work. He urged the Council to remember the
Council's official action regarding the area.

Mr. Keene believed the Council's direction concerned the whole 27 University
Avenue site, including the site for the Arrillaga Project, the connectors, and
the transit center. Staff attempted to respond to a request for parking
solutions. At this particular site, the parking solution connected to both
jurisdictional and transit issues.



                                                                        Page 35 of 37
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 2/10/14
