                      FINAL MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss felt the Amendment was logical and specific.            Offering
$200,000 would create friction among the agencies.

Council Member Burt noted the City was addressing the significant
obligations mentioned by Council Member Klein.

Council Member Scharff called point of order.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Member Burt address the Amendment.

Council Member Burt advised that the City had addressed current pension
obligations and was in the process of addressing infrastructure investments.
The FY 2015 Proposed Budget proposed adding 17 staff positions; however,
it did not restore funding to HSRAP. He would support the Motion.

Council Member Scharff applauded the two Finance Committee members for
rethinking increased funding for HSRAP. The Council's usual process was not
being followed; therefore, he would support the Amendment.

Mayor Shepherd was concerned that the Council had not discussed the
second half of the recommendation to the Finance Committee. She would
support the Amendment, because it was measured. She had championed
additional funding for HSRAP; however, the lack of a process to determine
the amount was a concern. She wanted a rigorous discussion of the entire
HSRAP process. The Amendment was a measured means to provide some
funding for current applications.

Council Member Price would not support the Amendment. She felt Palo Alto
had a social responsibility to be more generous and recognized the need for
a detailed discussion of HSRAP funding. Community-based organizations
worked very hard with limited funding. It was not appropriate to be so
specific and constrained.

Council Member Holman also would not support the Amendment. While
Council Member Berman had identified a rationale, the Motion also had a
rationale. These organizations and individuals, if not properly funded, could
actually cost the City money. It was embarrassing for the Council to debate
$170,000 when it regularly approved larger dollar amounts on the Consent
Calendar.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Holman, Price, Schmid no

Mayor Shepherd hoped the Council would approve the second year of
funding for HSRAP agencies.  She inquired whether Item 3 in the


                                                                          Page 15 of 29
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
