                      FINAL MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd recommended the Council discuss Agenda Item Number 10.

Council Member Schmid requested a time limit for discussion.

Council Member Scharff felt a time limit was bad public policy.

Mayor Shepherd suggested the Council hear the issues and attempt to take
action. If the Council could not take action, then the item could be
continued to another meeting.

10.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Council on Moving
      Agreements with Avenidas and Palo Alto Community Child Care out of
      the Human Services Resource Allocation Process.

Minka van Der Zwaag, Community Services Senior Programs Manager,
reviewed the Finance Committee's actions and the Human Relations
Commission's (HRC) recommendations. The Council referred removal of
Avenidas and Palo Alto Community Child Care (PACCC) from the Human
Services Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP) to the Policy and Services
Committee. PACCC and Avenidas had long relationships with the City.
Before the HRC, representatives of PACCC and Avenidas articulated their
wish to be removed from HSRAP. The HRC was concerned that removal of
PACCC and Avenidas along with their funding would jeopardize future
funding for smaller agencies. In addition, other long-time funding recipients
would request direct contracts with the City. The HRC attempted to draft a
compromise that addressed the concerns of the Council, PACCC, and
Avenidas while retaining PACCC and Avenidas within HSRAP. The Policy and
Services Committee (Committee) recommended the Council direct Staff to
separate funding contracts with Avenidas and PACCC from HSRAP and to
contract directly with them.

Council Member Price reported the Committee had a split vote on the item
with one Member absent. All Members present agreed that senior and youth
services were a critical part of services.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Klein
to direct Staff to separate the funding contracts with Avenidas and Palo Alto
Community Child Care (PACCC) from the Human Services Resource
Allocation Process (HSRAP) and to contract directly with them.

Council Member Klein indicated the Council should recognize that PACCC and
Avenidas were different from other agencies. PACCC and Avenidas provided
services that in other cities were provided directly by the city.

                                                                           Page 24 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
