                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt clarified that his question focused on engagement
regarding the scenarios for EIR scoping. Staff was correctly identifying
engagement for the Comprehensive Plan review and visioning processes. He
asked what led Staff to think that the public engagement in those first
meetings was adequate to identify the range of scenarios that should be
scoped.

Ms. Gitelman believed if Staff selected alternatives that represented a range
of possible outcomes, then they should be able to incorporate input and
ideas about the Comprehensive Plan and alternatives in the future. The type
of input obtained early with broad concepts was different from the input
obtained when data and analysis supported concepts. Staff wanted to begin
the EIR process to obtain that type of information.

Mr. Keene remarked that if the process needed to be adjusted or modified,
then the Council should do that. In a community-wide outreach effort, it
was extremely difficult to generate a range of ideas and get those accepted
and focused. It was easier to provide options to which the community could
react. He questioned whether the Council wanted Staff to conduct outreach
on the four scenarios prior to the Council agreeing to those four scenarios.

Council Member Burt reiterated that the issue was whether the four
scenarios were the correct range to study The Leadership Group would not
have any role in creating community input for alternative scenarios under
the EIR scoping. It would only be a public engagement process for the next
phase concerning the Comprehensive Plan itself.      He did not believe
community input regarding the scenarios was adequate to limit scoping to
the four scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman noted the early discussion of the goals of community
engagement for the process was not about scenarios.           The goal for
community engagement in the Comprehensive Plan Update process was a
Plan that expressed the collective vision of the community. The Leadership
Group would help Staff make that experience and that feeling occur. The
Leadership Group's engagement was focused on that goal. It was possible
to achieve that goal and to have scenarios based on the level of input that
had occurred thus far. At the August 4, 2014 meeting, someone inquired
about scenarios that were suggested but not included in the range. The only
other scenarios would include more growth than in Scenario 4. No ideas
were considered and rejected.

Council Member Burt hypothesized a scenario of all types of housing in the
mixed-use area east of Highway 101. That would be different growth rather
than more or less growth.     He could imagine a number of different

                                                                        Page 6 of 25
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes 08/06/14
