                     FINAL MINUTES
suggested the Policy and Services Committee discuss specificity of grade
crossings.   She suggested the Motion state "for discussion and
recommendation to Council."

Mr. Guardino advised that grade separations would be vital, to the extent
SVLG had fresh data regarding project scope, costs, and schedule. The
sooner that type of data was available, the better informed everyone could
be.

Council Member Holman asked if data meant description.

Mr. Guardino indicated the data would include a timeline and the history of
work. SVLG would need as much information as possible regarding scope,
costs, and schedule.

Council Member Holman would focus on the word scope in Mr. Guardino's
comments.

Mayor Shepherd would look for specific language that addressed capital
improvements necessary for Caltrain in Santa Clara County. Modernization
of Caltrain would enhance service; however, capacity problems would be a
result. The City was performing a grade separation study. She inquired
whether Staff had any information regarding the study.

Mr. Hackmann hoped the study would be complete in two months.

Mayor Shepherd noted the study concerned feasibility only.        Grade
separations were a primary concern for Palo Alto residents. She inquired
whether riders from Gilroy would have to transfer from diesel trains to
electric trains.

Mark Simon, Caltrain, advised that Caltrain favored overhead wires, because
diesel trains could operate beneath them. Some Gilroy trains would operate
the full distance and some would have transfers.

Mayor Shepherd wanted Caltrain to have the ability to prepare strategies for
periods longer than five years.

Mr. Guardino thanked the Council and Staff for allowing him to speak to the
Council. SVLG's purpose was to be a positive and proactive force.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0




                                                                         Page 24 of 29
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
