                      FINAL MINUTES
constrained environment, that were the best for each system, and that
brought the best of those systems to work together.

Stephen Rosenblum stated Caltrain was extremely important to the
Peninsula. Easy access to BART was not available in Palo Alto. In order to
move Caltrain to a mass transit system of the future and to implement High
Speed Rail, grade separations were needed. Funds from a sales tax increase
should be allocated to that purpose.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, commented that people who used and
supported transit were concerned that funds from measures were not spent
in accordance with measure requirements. These people would look for
language that ensured funds were spent appropriately. Overcrowding of
Caltrain passenger cars was limiting Caltrain's economic growth. Expansion
of Caltrain capacity should be a priority. Grade separations would be needed
to support increased frequency of trains.

Roland Lebrun wanted the City Council to request more specificity in any
new transportation sales tax measure and recommended the Council ensure
that any future Santa Clara County transportation tax measure clearly
identify funding requirements for specific projects including expected sales
tax revenue for each project. There should be legally enforceable guidelines
for the reallocation of funds between projects.

Arthur Keller, speaking as an individual, noted BART did not serve the needs
of the entire county. Caltrain ridership as a factor in funding should include
ridership between San Francisco and San Jose, rather than San Francisco to
Gilroy. He suggested funds be returned to Dumbarton rail; funding be
provided for grade separations; and BART be placed underground in
downtown San Jose only.

Stephanie Munoz felt the City should fund longer platforms, grade
separations, and bike capacity for Caltrain whether or not the sales tax
increase passed. High Speed Rail to San Francisco was a huge waste. She
wondered whether electrification of Caltrain would be a panacea.

Omar Chatty, speaking as a member of the Santa Clara Valley Taxpayer
Association and as an individual, reported the Santa Clara Valley Taxpayer
Association Board of Directors voted to oppose the sales tax measure
because it was undefined. The BART loop around the Bay should be
extended to Palo Alto in a manner consistent with Palo Alto standards. BART
provided better service and dual capabilities.

Council Member Price stated the concern for north and central Santa Clara
County was improvements to Caltrain. The success of BART would depend
                                                                           Page 20 of 29
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
