             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to provide a timeline as soon as
reasonably possible along with suggestions to shorten the timeline.

Ms. Gitelman would be happy to provide a timeline and condense it as much
as possible. She expressed concern about returning with a timeline in that
Staff had a great many Agenda Items to present to the Council.

Council Member Scharff stated Staff could provide an informational report.

Mr. Keene reported an informational item would not delay other Agenda
Items.

Mayor Shepherd felt the only real time constraint was the Council making a
decision. A timeline would allow the Council to prepare for making a
decision.

Council Member Klein supported the Motion as a coherent and thoughtful
way to proceed. The Council was more likely to choose a poor product
under Option 1, which would not save time. If Council Members who
supported a study of satellite parking would reconsider, then it could be
folded into a better approach.

Vice Mayor Kniss was open to offering an Amendment to integrate satellite
parking into the study rather than implementing it prior to other strategies.

Mayor Shepherd understood the Council in February 2014 directed Staff to
work on a bundle of parking initiatives. She asked how integrating satellite
parking would change anything.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the topic was agendized.

Mr. Keene explained that the Council was working on many parking options
and had identified past Council directions to Staff and the impact on the
overall parking problem.

Vice Mayor Kniss remarked that on August 11, 2014, the Council separated
satellite parking.

Council Member Scharff advised that the Council directed Staff to obtain
information only for both satellite parking and parking technologies.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested Council Member Klein explain his comment
further.

Council Member Scharff was concerned that the topic was not agendized.
                                                                        Page 21 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
