                            MINUTES
Council Member Scharff remarked that eliminating the Gas Utility had to be
a community decision.

Mr. Keene noted a dynamic tension between the status quo and possibilities.
Sustainability Staff had not drawn any conclusions on actions to be taken.

Mr. Friend shared the Council's commitment to the community process.
Staff's role was to support a grounded conversation in the community and to
resolve questions. If the City wanted to be climate neutral, then it would
have to reduce natural gas emissions substantially. Staff was gathering and
researching methods to become climate neutral and would evaluate those
methods to determine if they were cost effective, legal, and desirable.

Council Member Klein felt S/CAP should be the driver of the Comprehensive
Plan. The City needed to act on fuel switching, before the Comprehensive
Plan Update was complete. He inquired whether the rising bar of urban
sustainability leadership meant a goal of being among the leaders of
sustainability programs.

Mr. Friend commented that Palo Alto liked to be innovative; however, other
cities also liked to innovate. The bar for leadership and innovation with
respect to sustainability rose each year.

Council Member Klein hoped the City would be 1 of 1,000 community
leaders, because that was the only way to achieve sustainability.

Mr. Keene remarked that a rising bar meant new pathways were being
forged.

Mr. Friend reported that Staff was involved in learning exchanges with other
cities to share best practices. Palo Alto would achieve sustainability with
other communities in the region.

Council Member Klein believed sustainability was the right thing to do. More
action was needed regarding adaptation than was mentioned in the Staff
Report. The City needed to plan for sea level rise, because it endangered
the Golf Course, Airport, and Water Quality Control Plant. Replacing lawns
with native plants was a way to increase the quantity of available water.
The jobs/housing imbalance would require a great deal of thought.
Sufficient attention was not given to the existing built environment as it
utilized 25-30 percent of energy.

Mr. Friend clarified that nationally the built environment utilized 25-30
percent. Locally, the percentage was closer to 40 percent.



12/08/2014                                                           116- 198
