                            MINUTES
Council Member Burt did not have that in his notes from the meeting;
however, he would agree to that change.            He inquired whether
Comprehensive Plan changes could be minor as well as major.

Ms. Stump advised that amendments could be relatively minor.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change in Recommendation 5 “major zone
changes” to “major Comprehensive Plan changes”.

Council Member Holman suggested including "nevertheless the need for
public meetings should have been followed" in the response to
Recommendation 5a.

Council Member Burt offered "public meetings earlier in the process were
warranted."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER in response to Finding 5a add “nevertheless,
public meetings should have occurred earlier in the process”.

Council Member Klein urged Council Member Holman to refrain from further
word-smithing.

Council Member Schmid recommended Staff address issues stated in Mr.
Borock's letter at the Brown Act training to be held the following Thursday.

Ms. Stump commented that Staff spent quite a bit of time on serial meetings
during the annual training session.

Council Member Schmid noted Mr. Borock indicated final approval of the 7.7
acres as dedicated parkland occurred on September 8, 2014.

Ms. Stump commented that Staff's response was a general statement that
was sufficient for the informational purposes of the response.

Mayor Shepherd inquired about actions that would occur once the City
submitted its responses.

Ms. Stump reported that the City was required to consider and respond to
each finding and recommendation in the Grand Jury Report. The City's
response was then filed with the court. At that point, the process was
finished.

Mayor Shepherd did not recall deliberating at the informational meeting,
which was the delineation between proper and improper acts.
                                                                      Page 14 of 21
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 09/15/14
