                             MINUTES
thought there were sufficient operational merits to include trenching in one
scenario.

Mayor Shepherd understood that if growth scenarios were included in a
Comprehensive Plan, they would create new Code that would change
property entitlements.  She wanted to know how that could be
accomplished.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the first step in any examination of growth was
a policy-level discussion. A community would grapple with those issues in a
Comprehensive Plan, and then set an agenda for more specific changes in
regulations or zoning to implement the vision.

Mayor Shepherd suggested that would be discussed once the impacts of the
scenarios on the current draft Comprehensive Plan were determined.

Ms. Gitelman reported many participants at the third scoping meeting
favored slow growth. They focused on slowing the pace of nonresidential
and residential growth. Staff influenced the discussion with a memorandum
regarding growth      management strategies implemented in other
communities. Scenario 2 was crafted to slow nonresidential growth through
an annual limit and residential growth through policy direction.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff would determine the impact of relocating
housing on schools.

Ms. Gitelman would review the impacts on schools in the EIR.

Mayor Shepherd stated that once the scenarios were analyzed, the Council
would be able to review real models for policy and growth.

Council took a break at 8:50 P.M. and reconvened at 9:07 P.M.

Council Member Schmid remarked that more specific data improved the
process and better information led to better results. The National Citizen
Survey clearly indicated four items with low percentages of approval: traffic,
parking, land use, and quality of new development.              These were
longstanding community problems, and the Comprehensive Plan should
address them. The City had an opportunity to review alternatives in the
beginning and to explore the consequences of those alternatives. The focus
should be on setting measures and identifying measures that could be
tracked over time. Under the goal of one parking space for every 250
square feet of nonresidential space, the City should have 12,600 parking
places in Downtown. In actuality, Downtown contained 4,800 parking
spaces, and the Downtown extended area contained 8,800 spaces in on-
                                                                        Page 11 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
