Council Member Klein requested Council Member Holman provide her
Amendment and hold discussion until the Amendment was seconded.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood the P&TC recommendation would be presented
to the Council in the normal course of business.

Council Member Holman noted the P&TC recommendation would not be
presented to the Council for several months.       The Council should be
knowledgeable regarding information presented to the public.

Council Member Scharff was inclined to accept the change, unless Staff could
provide a reason not to accept it.

Ms. Gitelman reported the P&TC recommendation was quite a body of work.
The California Avenue Concept Plan was the new element. Review of the
recommendation could be an exhaustive exercise for the Council, requiring
months of work that could impede the outreach process. Staff envisioned
the close reading and evaluation of edits and changes to the policies and
programs happening concurrent with the draft EIR.

Council Member Holman felt the Council did not know whether it could
recommend the P&TC recommendation be presented to the public or
whether the recommendation would require a great deal of Council work.

Council Member Scharff could accept the proposed change if it included a
Study Session only, with Council Members providing high-level comments
but no editing.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about the length the Study Session.

Council Member Scharff suggested three to four hours and preferably on a
weekday.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt a four-hour Study Session would likely last six hours.
She questioned whether the Council would be revising the recommendation
at the Study Session.

Council Member Scharff remarked that no action could be taken at a Study
Session.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to bring the Planning and
Transportation Comprehensive Plan recommendation to Council for
comments and recommendations during a 2-4 hour Study Session with high
level comments, and not to be held on weekend.

                                                                       Page 25 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
