                            MINUTES
Council Member Klein understood the need to proceed and the proposal to
begin at a high level of discussion. The Council should review the draft
Comprehensive Plan, because the public would perceive that the Council
provided input for it.

Council Member Scharff called Point of Order, indicating Motions were not
appropriate in a Study Session. Council Members could speak to any topic
relevant to the item, but not make any Motions.

Mayor Shepherd was attempting to determine procedure for Council
comment. She could take a Motion regarding procedure.

Council Member Burt explained that under the proposed scenario Council
Members would basically have no input into any of the very substantive
changes to policies and programs. Under the proposed process, the Council
would relinquish any input to the Comprehensive Plan prior to it being
provided to the public for consideration.     The Council should discuss
concerns regarding recommendations that differed from the current
Comprehensive Plan. Under the proposed scenario for the meeting, the
Council would have inadequate time to consider policies and programs.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Council Member Klein's Motion implied
additional meetings to discuss the draft Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Klein answered yes.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Council Member Klein had a proposal for additional
meetings.

Council Member Klein would have a better idea of additional time at the end
of the discussion.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt Council Member Klein wanted a procedure different
from the one Staff requested. She inquired whether he wanted either more
Study Sessions or more time spent on the document.

Council Member Klein indicated the Council might need to spend more time
which would be appropriate. The Comprehensive Plan would set the course
of the City for the next 10-20 years. Finding a more important topic would
be difficult.

Vice Mayor Kniss stated the timing as set forth by the Planning Department
was logical. This was the time to go to the public. She wanted to hear from
the community before the Council reviewed the update line-by-line.

05/05/2014                                                          114- 558
