                     DRAFT MINUTES
transaction not to be made public because making it public could affect the
deal that the City negotiated for taxpayers.

Council Member Schmid felt the Council should be informed whether in
Closed or Open Session.

Mr. Keene indicated the City Council was informed about the appraisal.

Council Member Schmid recommended the Council hold no Closed Session
meetings on any application that involved a zoning change under
Recommendation Number 5a.

Ms. Stump reported there were no Closed Sessions regarding that item.

Council Member Schmid clarified that there were meetings.

Ms. Stump explained that meetings were not Closed Sessions. Closed
Session referred to the Council meeting in executive session with the public
not present. Council Member Schmid's recommendation was no individual
consultations with Council Members.

Council Member Schmid concurred.

Mr. Keene inquired whether Council Member Schmid intended for Staff not to
speak to a Council Member who called about a zoning change.

Council Member Schmid clarified -that was a response to a question, not a
serial meeting of several Council Members where all Council Members
learned information either individually or in small groups.

Mr. Keene stated Staff would never know if it could be a serial encounter.

Council Member Schmid was thinking of 27 University Avenue. The Council
did not want a series of meetings where Council Members learned of
information not available to the public.

Mr. Keene suggested the Subcommittee review that.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Council had been accused of deliberating
behind closed doors which was a serial meeting. She inquired whether
Council Member Schmid was attempting to determine when the Council was
deliberating or receiving information.

Council Member Schmid believed the question was the amount of
information that could be received without it becoming an issue of
deliberation or sharing.
                                                                         Page 37 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
