                              MINUTES
  4. Stabilize and reduce long-term the City’s financial support for the JMZ’s
     operation;

  5. Outline the possible transition of the operation of the facility to the City
     at time of lease expiration; and

  6. Endeavor to complete negotiations within 12 months.

Ms. Coleman introduced the Friends' Board Members present at the meeting.

Mayor Shepherd noted parking could be an issue at JMZ.              She looked
forward to renovation of JMZ.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Burt not participating, Kniss absent

Mayor Shepherd performed the 10:00 check-in. Two items remained on the
Agenda, and she believed the Council could continue with those items.

Council Member Klein did not believe the Agenda could be completed prior to
11:30.

Mayor Shepherd noted Agenda Item Number 21 was removed from the
Consent Calendar at a previous Council meeting.

Mr. Keene remarked that the Council could complete the Agenda prior to
11:30.

21.   Approval of a Two-Year Contract with Flint Strategies For a
      Communications and Outreach Contract to Support the Our Palo Alto
      Initiative and the Planning and Community Environment Department
      at a Cost Not to Exceed $175,000 (Continued from October 27, 2014).

Mayor Shepherd recalled in February 2014 the Council approved the
conceptual framework for the Our Palo Alto initiative.         Staff required
professional service to assist with and to build on outreach efforts. In June
2014, the Council approved funding for Our Palo Alto in the Fiscal Year 2015
Budget.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, reported
the contract term was two years. The consultant would assist Staff with
community engagement and communication efforts related to Our Palo Alto.
Our Palo Alto would only be successful if it contributed to increasing the
capacity of City Staff to engage in communication efforts as a regular part of
business. The consultant would assist with events and outreach related to
Our Palo Alto and would also grow Planning Department capacity to engage
the community in the regular course of business.

11/10/2014                                                               116- 100
