                             MINUTES
the Merit System Rules and Regulations; and 2) approving a new
compensation plan for limited hourly employees.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt not participating

8.   Approval of Design Contract No. C14153579 with BKF Engineers in the
     Amount of $180,000 for the Embarcadero Road Satellite Parking
     Project (Continued from Consent Calendar on June 16, 2014).

Mayor Shepherd read an at-places memorandum clarifying the Staff Report.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer, reported the item concerned
awarding a design contract to study the feasibility of a satellite parking lot
on Embarcadero Road. In February 2014, the Council authorized Staff to
proceed with five initiatives to improve parking supply. Staff expanded
permit parking supplies to employees working in the South of Forest Avenue
(SOFA) District. In September, Staff would present responses to a Request
for Information to increase parking supply in Downtown and information
regarding potential locations for parking garages in Downtown. Later in
August 2014, Staff would present parking technology solutions to increase
parking supply. The study would consider construction of an on-street
satellite parking lot on Embarcadero Road.          Preliminary design work
indicated approximately 132 parking spaces could be created through
restriping the north side of the street for parking. The study would include
potential modifications to the existing shuttle route to support satellite
parking. An early draft of the proposal also considered satellite parking
activities at the Baylands Athletic Center; however, Staff was not
recommending that option at the current time. Eliminating satellite parking
at the Baylands Athletic Center did not alter the scope of the study. Staff
recommended the Council award a design contract to BKF Engineers.
Alternatively, the Council could remove the task regarding satellite parking
at the Baylands Athletic Center.

Robert Moss did not believe an $180,000 contract was necessary to restripe
a street. Public funds would be spent for parking that private Developers
were excused from providing. The Council should refuse to approve any
Downtown development projects that did not provide all required onsite
parking. Shuttles would increase traffic congestion along Embarcadero
Road.

Alice Mansel reported the schedules for public transit along Embarcadero
Road were a farce. She preferred existing shuttles be improved before
spending funds for the proposed study.

                                                                         Page 5 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/11/14
