qualifications. One proposal was disqualified because it was simply too
expensive. The three remaining proposals were made by Harvest Power,
Synagro, and We Generation (Cambi). The Harvest Power proposal utilized
wet anaerobic digestion for food and biosolids, followed by heat drying to
produce a pelletized product used as a solid supplement fertilizer or energy.
Yard waste would be composted. All three feedstock would be processed
onsite, either at the RWQCP or the Measure E site. The facility would utilize
less than 3.8 acres of the Measure E site and 1 acre at the RWQCP. The
Harvest Power proposal would generate biogas, which was the main
advantage of using wet anaerobic digestion. Landfill gas could be added to
biogas produced at the site to produce electricity. The We Generation
(Cambi) proposal also utilized wet anaerobic digestion but preceded that
step with thermal hydrolysis, which allowed more energy to be captured.
Biosolids and food waste would be digested on the RWQCP site with yard
waste exported to Newby Island. The facility would utilize about 1/2 acre of
the RWQCP site and no area at the Measure E site. The We Generation
proposal generated the most biogas, was sensitive to the pricing of energy,
and preprocessed food waste at the San Carlos facility. The Synagro
proposal would export all material for processing at another location. The
main disadvantage to the Synagro proposal was the lack of renewable
energy. Staff concluded that the best available technology was thermal
hydrolysis with wet anaerobic digestion. None of the proposals suggested
putting yard waste in wet anaerobic digestion. Aerobic composting was the
best process for yard waste. The Biosolids Facility Plan was a means to
identify technology to replace incineration. Staff considered pyrolysis and
gasification and concluded those technologies were not ready to utilize
biosolids. One option was to add thermal drying technology to process
biosolids. Another option was to export biosolids. The City needed a
dewatering and truck load-out facility as quickly as possible to handle
emergencies and urgent situations at the RWQCP regardless of which
technologies were chosen. Staff's long-term recommendation was to utilize
thermal hydrolysis with wet anaerobic digestion. The Biosolids Facility Plan
and several vendors proposed incorporating food waste to increase biogas.
Staff developed a four-step plan; however, they continued to review
proposals and technology. The first step was construction of a dewatering
and truck load-out facility. The second step was utilization of wet anaerobic
digestion. The third step was identifying a technology to preprocess food
waste in order to add it to a wet anaerobic digester. The fourth step was
utilizing yard waste. The City could implement the Organics Facility Plan
without utilizing any portion of the Measure E site. Staff would continue to
evaluate and consider the Measure E site, but was not proposing to use it in
the near term. The entire project was estimated to cost more than $50
million. The proposed four-step plan would spread costs over several years
and would reduce the complexity of financial arrangements. The proposed
                                                                        Page 2 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
