                             MINUTES
Mr. Fox believed the PC Ordinance did require that. The PC Ordinance
specifically stated the limitations on land use were a grocery store within the
development for the useful life of the improvements; a neighborhood
grocery store rather than a convenience market, and the tenant was subject
to prior approval of the City.

Council Member Holman remarked that there was a big gap between a
grocery store and a convenience market. The other language concerned
approval for the building permit, not for the ongoing operations being
consistent with JJ&F.

Mr. Fox indicated the language of consistent with JJ&F did not reference the
building permit. It was not a condition of the building permit. It was a
reference to any grocery tenant that was a party other than JJ&F.

Ms. Silver interpreted the continuing obligation to have a grocery store as
the tenant would function as a grocery store and not revert to a convenience
mart. Mr. Werness wanted to provide a market that would respond to
changing community needs. Including language in the Covenant to require
the grocery store to be modeled on JJ&F might not serve the Project well
over time. However, that was a policy decision for the Council.

Mr. Spiers had dedicated 40 parking spaces to the market space, and that
information was contained in documents with the grocery store.            The
viability of the grocery store was important to the Applicant for many
reasons. The grocery store would pay approximately $250,000 a year in
rent once it was open and successful. If it is closed, the Applicant would be
fined $2,000 a day or $720,000 a year in addition to the loss of $250,000 in
rent. The Applicant had tremendous incentives to keep the grocery store
open and to vet the proposed tenant. The only permitted use for the space
was a grocery store; therefore, the Applicant had no other options.

Mr. Werness accepted full responsibility for the failure of his previous
grocery store. He had done business with the same vendors for over 30
years.   After he filed bankruptcy, those vendors told him they would
continue to do business with him. He received a letter from one of the
largest wholesalers in California, stating it would be happy to do business
with him again.

Council Member Schmid could not approve the proposed tenant.           The
Applicant accepted responsibility for the public benefit and had the same
incentive as the City to provide a successful grocery store. The City
Attorney indicated the Covenant was acceptable with respect to
enforcement. He supported a cost of living increase for the penalty.


12/15/2014                                                             116- 268
