                             MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to: 1) continue the item to allow Staff time to come up with language
indicating that we are including State mandate provisions and not approving
them; 2) direct Staff to refer to the Planning and Transportation Commission
the idea to change the FAR in the CN and CS Zone; 3) Staff to report back to
Council no later than the second meeting in February; and 4) the public
hearing was closed unless there is new information.

Mayor Shepherd called Point of Order.

Ms. Gitelman clarified the Motion referred to Item Number 2 on Packet Page
471 as referring to State requirements. Item Number 2 was a commitment
made by the City in its Housing Element. State law included the default
density of 20 units per acre. There was no provision in State law to which
the section could refer; therefore, it was important that section remain intact
to accomplish objectives.

Council Member Klein believed there was a provision in the Ordinance that a
default provision in the State law would make it the same thing if the Council
did not enact the proposed Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman explained the default provisions in State Code were contained
in Item Number 16. Provisions for Item Number 15 were not taken
verbatim from State Code.

Council Member Klein based his statements on information provided by
Staff.

Ms. Gitelman commented that the proposed Ordinances were State
requirements in the sense that laws required the City to enact them. Staff
created language to incorporate the provision into the Municipal Code. In
the instance of Item 2, the requirement was contained in the Housing
Element and in the way the State interpreted the default density
requirement in the State Housing statutes.

Council Member Klein wanted to delete language in the Municipal Code that
stated the City favored increasing the density in the CN Zone from 15 to 20
units per acre. If that required a change in the language, then he accepted
it. He asked if the provisions for Item Number 15 were a restatement of
State Code.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes. They all responded to State requirements, but
were not simply a restatement as in Item Number 16.




                                   15                      January 13, 2014
