                              MINUTES
Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Council could consider the Motion.
If the Council chose not to go into Closed Session, then Agenda Item
Number 1 should be rescheduled to another date because the item was
noticed as a Closed Session. This particular topic was within the Council's
discretion to discuss in Closed or Open Session.

Council Member Scharff felt compensation for the Management Group should
be discussed in a public setting to explain to the public why and how the
Council set compensation. In addition, the Council should consider whether
all Closed Sessions were necessary.

Council Member Burt inquired whether an Open Session would in any way
harm the City's discussion or negotiating position.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that if the Council adopted the Staff
recommendation, then there would be no harm. If the Council raised other
issues and questions, then an Open Session could have implications. The
agendized item was not a negotiation with an organized bargaining group.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about topics over which the Council had no
discretion to discuss in an Open Session.

Ms. Stump indicated items involving third-party rights were best held in
Closed Session. The Council discussed some items in Closed Session when
there were no requirements to do so.        Agenda Item Number 1 was
traditionally held in Closed Session, which was appropriate if the Council
chose. Staff could notice Agenda Item Number 1 on a future agenda as both
Closed and Open Sessions so that the Council could move between Closed
and Open Sessions within the same meeting.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood the desire to move Agenda Item Number 1 to
an Open Session; however, the Council needed more guidance

Mr. Keene expressed concern that employees could view a public discussion
as negative. The Council could hold all labor negotiations in public if it chose
to do so.    If the Council treated represented groups differently from
unrepresented groups and unrepresented groups felt the difference was
negative, then it could have implications.

Council Member Schmid asked if there were any time constraints related to
Agenda Item Number 1.

Mr. Keene answered yes. The item was postponed in the fall of 2013 in
order to negotiate with the Service Employees International Union (SEIU).
                                                                           Page 2 of 31
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 09/22/14
