                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid requested Staff circulate a list of the members of
the Leadership Group and their affiliations. One element missing in the
community discussion was the financial side. He was surprised that financial
issues were not central to the discussion.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the EIR and planning process had not been
scoped to include fiscal issues. Fiscal issues were not typically analyzed in
an environmental document or the Comprehensive Plan itself. If the Council
wished to review fiscal issues, then Staff would need additional expertise to
perform fiscal analysis later in the planning process.

Council Member Schmid would favor that. Important decisions about who
paid and who benefited were made along every step of the way.

Mayor Shepherd noted California Avenue merchants had organized regarding
formula retail, and requested an update on that.

Ms. Gitelman advised that some California Avenue merchants and patrons
were interested in limiting formula retail. That was one of the reasons Staff
placed formula retail on the list to examine in the first few months of the
year.

Mayor Shepherd believed California Avenue merchants formed a broad
stakeholder group that could be incorporated into the outreach process. The
Council needed a definition of retail. She inquired about possible actions to
resolve issues with the grant for the Fry's site.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the City did receive a grant for planning related to
the Fry's site; however, funds would not be released until July 2015. The
Council could discuss whether to wait for release of grant funds or to seek
other funding sources early in 2015 when Staff presented the scope of work
and grant agreement.

Mayor Shepherd requested Staff attempt to advance that discussion. She
also wanted to understand the impacts of the North County Courthouse not
functioning as a courthouse.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, understood there had been some changes in the
Superior Court's operations; however, the location continued to function as a
courthouse. She would obtain updated information.

Mayor Shepherd wanted to receive an update regarding the entire California
Avenue area if changes in activity occurred there.




11/03/2014                                                             116- 50
