                             MINUTES
The fourth goal, also specific to the Park Boulevard subarea, was to promote
bicycle and pedestrian safety along Park Boulevard. The fifth goal, specific
to the Fry's site, was to foster transformation of the Fry's site into a
walkable, human-scale mixed-use neighborhood, if Fry's elected to vacate
the site.

Ms. Gitelman reiterated that Staff requested Council questions and comment
regarding the Plan and sought a Motion to authorize Staff to apply for a
grant to prepare additional site-specific planning for the Fry's site.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, suggested planning policies for the
California Avenue area should support pedestrian and bicyclist traffic, reduce
the number of vehicle trips, and include a Residential Parking Permit
Program. Transportation policies might include shuttles through the Caltrain
catchment area, transit passes, and ZIP cars.

Sandra Slater supported the Plan.     Reducing the need for workers to
commute into Palo Alto was a benefit. Denser housing near job and transit
centers allowed for balance while decreasing the need for transportation.
Walkable communities were more likely to support local retail centers.

Robert Moss noted the Staff Report hardly mentioned traffic or groundwater
contamination. The majority of people living in the area would not utilize
public transportation.   Development of high-density housing over a
contaminated area was a concern. He questioned whether the Council could
encourage smaller developments in the area.

Eric Rosenblum indicated the project supported intelligent development. He
encouraged the Council to consider greater residential development rather
than more retail development. The Plan promoted a pedestrian-friendly
community and aligned with the Comprehensive Plan. He disagreed with Mr.
Moss' statement that people living in the area would not use public transit.

Mehdi Alhassani believed the Plan aligned with the pedestrian-friendly,
transit-oriented development envisioned in the Comprehensive Plan. Adding
housing where jobs were located would ease regional commutes, traffic,
parking, and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.          He supported more
residential development to ease the City's current housing deficit. The
Council should consider increasing the Floor Area Ratio (FAR) to allow for
more housing while ensuring the preservation of character.




04/21/2014                                                            114- 488
