6.     Policy and Services Committee Recommendation for the City Council to
       Approve the Revised Boards and Commission Applications.

7.     Approval of City Clerk Recommendation to Add to the Spring Board
       and Commission Recruitment the Vacancy on the Planning &
       Transportation Commission.

8.     Approval of an Agreement with Townsend Public Affairs for Up To 22
       Months in an Amount not to Exceed $187,000 for State Legislative
       Advocacy Services.

8a.    (Former Action Item No. 11) Colleagues Memo From Council Members
       Berman, Burt, Holman, and Klein Regarding Creation of a Palo Alto
       Business Registry.

MOTION PASSED for 1, 3-7, and 8A: 8-0 Burt absent

MOTION PASSED for 8: 7-1 Holman no, Burt absent

Council Member Holman supported the hiring of a state lobbyist; however,
neither the Council nor a Council Committee had participated in the selection
process.

Vice Mayor Kniss did not believe the Colleague's Memo contained sufficient
detail to be placed on the Consent Calendar. She did not object to a
business registry; however, the Council should review inequities in the way
businesses paid into a registry or license. She suggested that Staff decide
who would implement a registry and provide the Council with costs.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated Staff presented the state lobbyist
Request for Proposal (RFP) to the Council in August 2013, and the Council
approved it. Staff would work through details regarding the priorities and
scope of work with the Policy and Services Committee, and then return to
the Council.

Niccolo De Luca, Townsend Public Affairs, stated Townsend Public Affair's
specialty was representation of municipalities and local government to
secure public funding for priority projects.

8b.    (Formerly Agenda Item No. 2) Budget Amendment Ordinance 5234
       entitled “Budget Amendment Ordinance of the Council of the City of
       Palo Alto” and Approval of a Construction Contract with Redgwick
       Construction Company in The Amount of $7,143,031 for the California
       Avenue Streetscape Improvements Project, including Waterline
       Replacement.


02/24/2014                                                            114- 324
