                             MINUTES
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Price to move forward focusing on VTA grant with 5 minutes
discussion per Council Member and decide to continue the discussion with a
hard stop at 10:45 P.M.

Council Member Scharff suggested the first round of comments be limited to
five minutes. However, Council Members should have sufficient time to
address Substitute Motions. At the end of the discussion, the Council could
determine whether another session was needed.

Council Member Price concurred with Council Member Scharff's comments.
It was important to keep the topic moving.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested a definition of "item" as stated in the Motion.

Council Member Burt answered the California Avenue Area Concept Plan.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the Motion was to postpone the Plan to a
separate time and to discuss the grant at the current time.

Council Member Burt clarified that the Council would provide preliminary
input and agendize an additional meeting regarding the Plan and allow a
vote at the current time regarding the grant.

Vice Mayor Kniss understood the Motion contained three parts: 1) comment
briefly on the Plan at the current time; 2) discuss another time for
continuing discussion of the Plan; and 3) discuss the grant.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Council was speaking to the Substitute
Motion.

Vice Mayor Kniss would support the Substitute Motion, but wanted to include
additional parameters. Because of time constraints and the need to take up
Agenda Item Number 17, she suggested a time certain of 10:45 P.M. for
ending discussion of the current item.

Council Member Scharff agreed with a time certain for ending discussion.

Mayor Shepherd explained that she was attempting to manage the meeting
so that Council Members could have equal time to comment. Staff simply
could not answer all Council questions at the current time and requested
time to research issues prior to providing responses. She would support the
Substitute Motion as it aligned with original plans to manage the meeting.


04/21/2014                                                            114- 491
