                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff had talked with GreenWaste
about a contract term of more than 15 years.

Mr. Bobel had not held any detailed conversations with GreenWaste. Until
recently, GreenWaste was not sure it could accept any material from Palo
Alto, because ZWED was a new facility that committed to taking San Jose's
waste. Now that GreenWaste knew it could accept material from Palo Alto,
Staff would hold detailed discussions with GreenWaste. If the Council
approved the Motion, a long-term contract might not be practical.

Council Member Holman asked if Staff had made any progress with respect
to home composting.

Mr. Bobel continued to educate the public about home composting. Home
composting could never replace a composting facility, because many
residents lived in apartments and condominiums.

Council Member Burt asked if Item 2a should be "The City has a better
understanding of our needs from the anaerobic digester."

Mr. Bobel suggested the Motion state digestate.

Council Member Burt clarified that digestate was the byproduct.

Mr. Bobel indicated that "needs for an anaerobic digester" could be deleted.

Council Member Burt asked if preprocessing was performed in the digester.

Mr. Bobel explained that preprocessing was a grinding and screening step
done prior to anaerobic digestion.

Council Member Burt felt the Council should know as soon as possible if the
State Lands Commission would not agree to a lease, so that Staff could
pursue an alternative site.

Mr. Bobel met with State Lands Commission officials a few weeks previously
and did not believe there would be a problem.

Council Member Burt inquired about the cost effectiveness of making the
home composting container give away a permanent program.

Mr. Bobel reported more residents were taking containers. The cost of each
container was approximately $50.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 Holman no



12/08/2014                                                            116- 223
