                             MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff that any funds collected due to future violations of the grocery store
be brought to Council for guidance on expenditure of funds.

Council Member Berman preferred penalty funds be utilized for the benefit of
the College Terrace neighborhood.

Council Member Scharff felt expenditure of the funds should be more visible
than Code Enforcement.

MOTION PASSED: 9:0

22.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Council for
      Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Chapter 9.14 (Smoking And
      Tobacco Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Establish New
      Smoking Restrictions for Outdoor Commercial Areas, Outdoor Eating
      Areas, Public Events, Work Sites and Service Locations; Include
      Penalty Escalation for Repeat Offenders; Require Cigarette Butt
      Receptacles and Signage Immediately Adjacent and Within Areas
      Covered by the Ban; and Include E-cigarettes.

Council Member Price noted Staff proposed a modification to the Smoking
Restriction Ordinance after distribution of the Staff Report.

Kirsten Struve, Manager of Environmental Control Programs, reported in
2013 there was an effort to expand the No Smoking Ordinance to include
parks and to expand the buffer zone around buildings to 25 feet. The
Council approved a ban on smoking in all parks effective October 9, 2013.
In November 2013, a Colleague's Memo proposed including University
Avenue and California Avenue. Staff discussed benchmarking with the Policy
and Services Committee (Committee) in June 2014.          The Committee
recommended expanding the proposal to commercial areas rather than
specific streets and to include e-cigarettes. Staff conducted outreach to
businesses. Staff recommended the Ordinance include outdoor commercial
areas and allow designated smoking areas.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director, indicated the proposed Ordinance
included streets, sidewalks, businesses and parking lots behind businesses.
A member of the California Avenue community expressed concern about a
designated smoking area within the commercial area for employees. The
change noted in the at-places memo would allow Staff to work with
California Avenue businesses to identify a designated smoking area within
the no-smoking zone.



12/15/2014                                                             116- 271
