                             MINUTES
Ralph Britten noted the transfer of the Airport was a complex problem with
several Federal, State, and County agencies involved in the process. On
August 4, 2014, Staff intended to present the transfer of the Airport to the
Council for approval. He invited the public to Airport Day scheduled for
September 28, 2014.

Cory Wolbach, speaking as an individual, stated Staff's work on greenhouse
gas reductions made the City a leader in environmental justice. However,
the community had challenges with other areas of justice. He hoped the
person elected to fill Council Member Price's seat on the Council would
continue her tradition of speaking honestly.

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve the minutes of March 24 and April 7, 2014.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

CONSENT CALENDAR

Herb Borock supported the recommendation for Agenda Item Number 10;
however, the item should be placed on the Consent Calendar for the next
meeting.    The at-places memorandum indicated the posted agenda
misstated the proposed Council action and, thus, the item did not fulfill
Brown Act requirements.

Council Member Holman requested the City Attorney respond to Mr. Borock's
comments.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the item did not utilize technical words
typically employed by Staff. The item did adequately inform the public that
an amendment to the Municipal Code was contemplated. The Council could
take action at the current time. A second reading of the Ordinance would
provide an additional opportunity for public comment.

Council Member Klein recorded a no vote for Agenda Item Number 4.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Schmid to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-7, 9 and 10 with at-places changes.

3.    Resolution 9409 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Determining That Net Energy Metering Aggregation Will Not Result
      in Increased Cost-Shifting to Non-Participants.”



05/05/2014                                                           114- 574
