                              MINUTES
Council Member Schmid felt residential property increasingly subsidized
commercial development; however, the number of residential properties who
funded the subsidy was decreasing. He inquired whether that should be a
concern.

Lalo Perez, Director of Administrative Services/Chief Financial Officer,
reported Staff acquired a consultant to help them study data. Over the last
few years, Staff noticed a high number of residential remodeling and
expansion projects and therefore reassessments. Staff was considering both
sides of property tax trends. The supply of rental units was low while
demand was high.

Council Member Schmid commented that the Council should consider those
issues when updating the Comprehensive Plan. Land use and planning could
exacerbate some of these fundamental trends. He requested Staff provide
information from the consultant.

Mr. Perez planned to do so.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the difference between approving
and accepting the LRFF.

Mr. Perez indicated accepting the LRFF was similar to accepting Audit
reports.

Council Member Scharff recalled that the Finance Committee suggested
changes to the LRFF but not to Audit reports. He wanted to know the
meaning of the Council accepting versus approving the LRFF.

Mr. Perez concurred that Staff made changes based on Finance Committee
discussions. Approximately four years ago, the Council directed Staff to
rename the Long Range Financial Plan as the LRFF and indicated the Council
would accept rather than approve it.

Council Member Scharff stated Council Member Klein obviously believed
accept meant something different from approve.

Mr. Keene reported Staff was allowed to review a committee request to
change an assumption and theoretically was not required to make the
change. Staff would not be obligated to agree with a different forecast
proposed by the Council. The Council should protect Staff's independence in
preparing forecasts.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff projected property tax increases and
documentary transfer tax stability because of CAGR.             It seemed
documentary transfer taxes would increase along with property taxes.


                                 16                             April 7, 2014
