                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein met with the Applicant and his attorney; however, he
did not receive any information not in the public record.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, reported
the Planned Community (PC) Zoning Ordinance approved the project
contingent on a public benefit of a grocery tenant. The grocery tenant,
other than John Garcia, was subject to approval by the City of Palo Alto.

Kristina Lawson, Attorney for the Applicant, advised that at the time the
project was originally approved, it was understood the existing JJ&F Market
would continue operations. Approximately a year later, John Garcia formally
indicated he would not operate a grocery store as part of the project. The
Council adopted a special limitation that required the City to determine that
any proposed tenant other than Mr. Garcia was comparable to JJ&F Market.
The City's evaluation had to be reasonable, and approval could not be
withheld without a finding that the proposed tenant was not comparable to
JJ&F Market.      Evidence in the public record supported a finding of
comparability between J&A Family Market and JJ&F Market. Staff and an
independent grocery consultant concluded that J&A Family Market would
likely be comparable in quality of products and services to JJ&F Market.
Sutti Associates, the third-party consultant, concluded that the management
team and advisors for J&A Family Market had necessary credentials to
participate in managing and advising the owners of J&A Family Market. Sutti
Associates also concluded that J&A Family Market would benefit the
community and would be comparable, if not superior, to JJ&F Market.
Development of the property was intended to enhance and revitalize the
project. City approval was a prerequisite to issuance of a building permit.
She respectfully requested the City allow the project to proceed by
approving the grocery tenant.

Robert Moss suggested the Council modify the PC Ordinance such that the
property owner would have 60 days to open a grocery store should J&A
Family Market close. On the 61st day, a $500 per day fine would be
assessed for each day the grocery store remained closed. The fine would
double on the 121st day and double again on the 181st day should the
grocery store remained closed. In addition, the Council should state that the
space could not be used for any other purpose. Without penalties, the
grocery store would close and not be replaced.

William Ross recommended the Council continue the item or deny it. Critical
documents were not provided to the Council. The Council was being asked
to find a public benefit based on a confidential document. Traffic and
circulation conditions had changed since the Council approved the Mitigated
Negative Declaration.
                                                                       Page 19 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
