                             MINUTES
Wayne Douglass supported repeal of the Ordinance.

Aram James encouraged the Council to repeal the Vehicle Habitation
Ordinance.     The court decision mentioned some of the constitutional
violations that could be raised in a legal challenge to the Ordinance.

Edie Keating supported repeal of the Ordinance. In the prior 11 months,
Palo Alto had not become a magnet for car dwellers. Perhaps the Council
could limit vehicle size much as it limited home size.

Barbara Goodwin referred to the homeless program in Santa Barbara and
suggested Council Members explore it.

Lois Salo indicated repeal of the Ordinance was constitutionally correct.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the likelihood of a lawsuit was
high if the Council directed Staff to begin enforcing the Ordinance.

Ms. Stump reported a legal team indicated its willingness to challenge the
Ordinance in the latter months of 2013. A legal challenge was likely if the
Council directed enforcement of the Ordinance.

Council Member Berman asked if the first move by plaintiffs would be to
obtain an injunction to prevent enforcement of the Ordinance during the
course of a legal proceeding.

Ms. Stump advised that the legal team indicated they would do that.

Council Member Berman believed the options were enforce the Ordinance
and face a lawsuit or repeal the Ordinance.     One good result of the
Ordinance was the discussion regarding homeless issues. Many of the
concerns that led to the adoption of the Ordinance had been ameliorated
through other means.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to adopt an ordinance repealing the prohibition on Vehicle Habitation
(Ordinance No. 5206, codified at Palo Alto Municipal Code Section 9.06.010),
enforcement of which has been continuously stayed since its adoption in
August 2013, while continuing to monitor conditions and impacts on
residents.

Council Member Price concurred with Council Member Berman.        Given
comments from Staff and the community, repealing the Ordinance was the
correct and compassionate action. The lack of services for the homeless
remained. She asked if comments directing Staff to explore alternative
programs and services would be germane at the current time.

11/17/2014                                                             116- 124
