Vice Mayor Kniss believed a check-in would be an evaluation of some kind.

Council Member Klein indicated the concept was not presented to the
Committee in that manner.

Ms. Lund explained that the midyear process was lighter and simpler and did
not request written feedback. Any kind of performance discussion was by
nature evaluative, even if it was a one-on-one, casual conversation.

Vice Mayor Kniss did not believe the Committee could ignore the fact that
Ms. Lund performed an important function. It was difficult to get everyone
to agree and deliver the same message to CAOs, whether midyear or
annual. Whatever the midyear was called, it was functioning properly.

Chair Scharff agreed a midyear check-in was necessary. One potential
model for the midyear was Ms. Lund polling Council Members and obtaining
their feedback. A second model was Council Members raising issues and Ms.
Lund presenting that information to the Council. As originally envisioned,
the midyear allowed the CAO to review goals and accomplishments and
share issues and visions. He questioned whether polling Council Members
and obtaining their feedback was necessary for the midyear.

Vice Mayor Kniss commented that a check-in for a CAO performing well
would be short and simple. If a CAO was not performing well, then there
would be a problem.

Mayor Shepherd stated Ms. Lund's phone call was a trigger for her to ask if
her experiences were normal. Perhaps Ms. Lund could provide a survey to
ask Council Members the same questions and allow the Committee to
determine if there was a problem.

Ms. Lund reported midyear was a way of keeping everyone aligned.
Midyears were protective for CAOs as well as for the Council. Two reviews
per year was not many reviews. She preferred knowing Council Members'
thoughts so she could make course corrections. Within the bounds of good
methodology, she was willing to make changes. She hoped the Committee
was not saying that it would not discuss something uncomfortable in a
midyear. She asked Council Members the same broad questions.

Council Member Klein was concerned that colleagues turned the midyear into
a full-blown review. One role of the CAO was performing goals set by the
Council. The City Manager and the City Attorney received informal feedback
throughout the year.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted they received singular feedback, not group feedback.
                                  4                        April 3, 2014
