                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss noted the PC Ordinance was valid, even though the current
Council probably would not have approved it.         She hoped that the
determination of both the neighborhood and Mr. Werness would result in
success.

Council Member Klein remarked that the proposal met the requirements of
the PC Ordinance. He proposed the penalty be indexed for inflation.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Applicant would accept the change.

Mr. Spiers accepted the change.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the penalty described in Paragraph Number 2
of the Covenant be appropriately indexed for inflation on an annual basis,
the precise language to be determined by the City Attorney.

Council Member Holman wanted to focus on whether the proposed tenant
was valid. There was a lack of information regarding Mr. Werness and his
ability to attract vendors because of his prior bankruptcy case. Nothing in
the documents committed the developer to providing 40 parking spaces
dedicated to the grocery store. The Covenant should include a description of
JJ&F Market rather than merely describing it as a full-service grocery store.
The Council needed to review a business plan. She questioned whether the
provision regarding fully ceasing operations would ensure that the public
benefit remained in place. She inquired about the reason for not including
the language for a full service grocery comparable to JJ&F in the penalty
provision. She inquired about the purpose of the language regarding a
lawsuit. She would not support the Motion.

Harry Fox, Applicant's Counsel, reported Paragraph 2 of the Covenant
specifically stated that the penalty applied each day after each six-month
period that the grocery store was not in operation in accordance with the
terms of the PC Ordinance. The Covenant specifically referred to the terms
of the PC Ordinance. The intent was to capture the language of the PC
Ordinance regarding comparability to JJ&F.

Council Member Holman felt the Covenant should require the ongoing
operation consistent with JJ&F as the PC Ordinance did not have that
language.




12/15/2014                                                            116- 267
