                             MINUTES
Mr. Buchanan explained the lack of striping allowed cars to park close
together and to overlap driveways, resulting in greater than 100 percent
capacity.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the actual number of parked cars were
counted and compared to the number of parking spaces allowed by striping
streets.

Mr. Buchanan noted most people followed striped markings.

Mr. Rodriguez wanted to conduct a comprehensive analysis of the area. A
lane reduction would have specific environmental impacts, and Staff wanted
to disclose those impacts. Staff requested authority to begin a design study
for the area. Staff was not recommending a satellite parking lot be located
in the area. Staff did not wish to destroy the look and feel of the Baylands.
The project most likely would be implemented in two phases. The first
phase would be near-term improvements limited to resurfacing and striping
the roadway. The second phase would be long term improvements to
ensure the project integrated well with the environment. The cost of the
study was higher because of the need to accommodate different design
scenarios. Design work also would accommodate completion of the Bay Trail
link from Faber Place to the East Palo Alto border. Parking garages were
highly utilized and often fully occupied. Staff received complaints that
permit holders could not find parking spaces. Staff wished to preserve
hourly parking for retail locations, but was considering conversion of some
hourly spaces to permit spaces. Satellite parking should be studied as a
potential parking supply option. Staff would return to the Council in a week
with additional strategies to provide supply in Downtown, specifically
technology solutions. Parking guidance solutions could be implemented
immediately or over the next several months. Technology solutions could be
implemented in combination with access and revenue controls at garages to
allow transferable parking permits among employees.            The data Mr.
Buchanan referenced was provided by Staff. Commuters did park more
closely than would be permitted by striping; however, striping residential
streets diminished the quality of the neighborhood.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Staff changed something about parking permits
such that parking garages were filled.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that Staff released a large number of permits
recently. Staff had not reached the thresholds instituted for release of
parking permits because of complaints regarding lack of parking spaces in
garages. Having a parking permit did not guarantee a parking space for a
permit holder.
                                                                        Page 7 of 36
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 08/11/14
