                            MINUTES

Council Member Burt recalled the Council's discussion regarding expansion of
the local shuttle service and coordination with VTA service. There was an
opportunity for both parties to collaborate on marketing services. He
suggested VTA consider zoned fares for bus transit and additional gradations
within the pricing structure for Eco Passes.

Mr. Lawson indicated VTA was reviewing the Eco Pass program to make it
more appropriate, more affordable, and better able to serve the community.
VTA regularly reviewed the structure of bus fares.

3.    Palo Alto Advisory Committee on Early Care and Education - Partner
      Presentation.

Janice Shaul, Palo Alto Community Child Care Executive Director, reported
the Palo Alto Advisory Committee on Early Care and Education (PAACECE)
continued the legacy begun in the 1970s by a group of Palo Alto residents
concerned about the care of Palo Alto's youngest citizens. PAACECE worked
with the City to create a bold partnership to devote public funds to child
care. In the 1980s, PAACECE created the Child Care Master Plan. Palo Alto
was home to 62 licensed child care and early childhood education programs
and 32 licensed family child care providers. PAACECE had three main goals:
connect, support, and advocate.

Kim Nave indicated PAACECE created a training program that supported
educators. Fifteen teachers and seven schools participated in the program.
The idea was to help teachers take a deeper look at their work with young
children and to build support for educators. A majority of participants
gained deeper thinking about children and recommitted to the profession.

Rachel Samoff presented copies of Places to Play to the Council. The book
represented a very rich learning process involving cooperative experiential
research and discovery by preschoolers. Students represented their favorite
places to play in drawings. An exhibit of all drawings would be held in June
2014 at the Art Center. PAACECE planned to distribute the book widely.

Mayor Shepherd inquired about young children's adept use of electronic
devices.

Ms. Samoff suggested children approached devices as play.




04/29/2014                                                          114- 517
