                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt clarified that the Council would not have decisive action
at the meeting. The Council would give Staff direction, and Staff would
return at future meeting for a full public discussion.

Council Member Klein was concerned that the public would not know the
Council's intentions.

Mayor Shepherd inquired about the purpose of the discussion.

Council Member Burt wanted to discuss changes to the Zoning Code and
Zoning Map, in particular certain areas of commercial development and
potential reduction of zoning incentives for that development.

Council Member Klein wanted to leave the language as it was and add
"commercial portions of the Zoning Code and Zoning Map."

Council Member Burt explained that the Substitute Motion was not asking
Staff to prepare a comprehensive recommendation.

Ms. Gitelman was troubled by the scope of the Substitute Motion. She
inquired whether the Council sought a Study Session to discuss their own
strategies or ideas for changes to the Code.

Council Member Burt recommended Number 3 be changed to "return as a
Study Session."

Council Member Klein would accept a Study Session; however, he wanted
Staff input as to the topics for discussion.

Ms. Gitelman did not know what the Substitute Motion was directing Staff to
do. The Council directed Staff to provide an Ordinance regarding setbacks
on El Camino Real.

Council Member Burt wanted a discussion of adjustments to the Zoning Code
with potential adjustments to Floor Area Ratios (FAR) as one area.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff could not prepare that amount of information in
a short time.

Council Member Klein suggested language of "Staff to schedule a Study
Session for Council to consider options for potential changes to the
commercial portions of the Zoning Code and Zoning Map."

Council Member Burt accepted the language. He inquired whether Staff
could return with information in September 2014.

                                                                       Page 20 of 25
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes 08/06/14
