                              MINUTES
Mr. Saccio indicated Staff applied the 20-year historical CAGR to both taxes.
The documentary transfer tax was subject to the number of transactions and
the mix of properties. Staff included a new base for the documentary
transfer tax beginning in 2015 and reduced documentary transfer tax
receipts slightly in FY 2016 as a more conservative approach.

Council Member Scharff requested Council Member Schmid restate his
comments regarding the effect of family trusts on property taxes.

Council Member Schmid explained that an amendment to Proposition 13
indicated businesses were not treated as people as long as there was some
continuity of ownership.

Council Member Scharff believed that was the reason for lack of turnover of
commercial property.

Council Member Schmid added that each time residential property was sold,
it was revalued. That revaluation did not occur for commercial property. In
the instance of a family trust, there was not a revaluation of the property.

Mr. Keene remarked that property held in a family trust was reassessed
when it was sold.

Council Member Scharff understood most people utilized family trusts to
avoid probate and, thus, the trend was not as dire as Council Member
Schmid indicated. He noted Palo Alto Unified School District's (PAUSD)
forecast was wildly different from the City's LRFF.

Mr. Keene indicated that PAUSD had a larger base than the City.         When
growth occurred, it was much larger for PAUSD.

Mr. Perez added that PAUSD's actual growth figures were significantly
different from its projections.

Mr. Saccio was surprised by PAUSD's use of 2 percent growth when it
received the same information as the City.

Council Member Klein explained that if the Council approved the LRFF, then
it would become Council policy. The Council then would have to review each
line of the LRFF and consider implications of each item. The Council was not
in the business of approving projections. He inquired about the basis for 8
percent annual growth of healthcare expenses given the City's agreement
with the Service Employees International Union (SEIU).

Mr. Rossmann reported the annual growth had been approximately 10
percent over the past few years. The City traded the 8 percent growth for
SEIU employees sharing in healthcare cost increases. Staff assumed a 4

                                  17                              April 7, 2014
