                             MINUTES
At the current time, it was unlikely that any significant changes to the plan
would be made. If the Council directed Staff to make comments beyond
those already submitted, comments would be most effective if made in the
context of the existing plan.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff was seeking Council input for a
second letter to MTC.

Mr. Hackmann clarified that the Council could allow the April 9, 2014 letter
to stand as written. Another option was for the Council to clarify or
elaborate regarding the April 9 letter such that those comments would be
provided to MTC in the form of a letter.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, indicated there was a current need for
Dumbarton transit. Increased Dumbarton and Caltrain service was good;
however, $20 million versus $90 million was not logical.

Roland Lebrun suggested a phased implementation was a way forward. The
current funding outlook for the project stood at $300 million. Assuming the
Regional Measure 2 Program (RM2) funds were divided evenly between the
Peninsula and the East Bay, the Peninsula would be left with a total of
$167.5 million.    The prime issue that needed to be addressed was
leadership.

Richard C. Brand felt parking issues in Palo Alto were related to the transport
link across the Bay. Getting people onto trains and out of cars would resolve
many of the parking issues in Palo Alto.

Herb Borock was concerned that the April 9 letter supported $20 million for
Caltrain electrification when the Council's adopted policy was that the City
could not determine whether to support electrification until all potential
impacts are identified and studied and mitigation measures implemented. It
was inappropriate for the Council to support $20 million for Caltrain
electrification.

Council Member Burt noted that the program required funds to be used for
projects located within the Toll Bridge Corridor. BART's route to Warm
Springs did not seem to be located in the Toll Bridge Corridor. He asked if
the Council should question whether MTC was acting consistent with their
own program guidelines.

Mr. Hackmann explained that the corridor was defined more broadly than
the corridor over the Bay.


04/21/2014                                                             114- 508
