                             MINUTES
expenditures of $28.5 million focused primarily on rehabilitating and
maintaining existing infrastructure. The expenditure budget for the Capital
Projects Fund was $58 million. The change from FY 2014 to FY 2015 was $5
million less in expenditures due to the Golf Course Reconfiguration Project.
Within the General Fund CIP, the majority of funds were invested in streets
and sidewalks, followed by traffic and transportation and parks and open
space.     Based on a suggestion from the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC), the Finance Committee added a $500,000 project for a
Baylands Levy Improvements Feasibility Study. Changes between the FY
2014 Adopted Budget and FY 2015 Proposed Budget of $10.9 million
resulted from salaries and benefits. The Proposed Budget had a $1.9 million
increase in all funds, primarily in salaries. The Proposed Budget contained
only two minor changes to allocated charges in the Technology Fund and the
General Fund Cost Allocation Plan. Staff proposed an increase of 14.45 Full-
Time Equivalents (FTE): 5.5 FTE for non-General Fund activity, 1.5 FTE for
Development Services and Junior Museum and Zoo, and 7.45 FTE for new
libraries, City Attorney's Office, Planning Department, and Community
Services Department. General Fund revenue of $169.4 million was derived
mainly from major tax revenue. The majority of General Fund expenses
were allocated to salary and benefits. Other significant changes included an
increase in contractual services to support Council initiatives. The majority
of expenditures were for Public Safety, followed by Administrative Services,
Public Works, and Development Services. Staff expected FY 2014 to close
with a surplus of $6 million, $4 million of which would be set aside for
infrastructure and $2 million would be carried forward. The Proposed
Budget was balanced with a contribution to the Budget Stabilization Reserve
(BSR).

Council Member Berman reported the Finance Committee was skeptical
about the City Manager's proposal for an additional 17.5 FTE.            After
discussion, three of the positions would be filled by consultants or part-time
Staff. The Finance Committee unanimously approved the Proposed Budget
with the exception of funding for Human Services Resource Allocation
Process (HSRAP).

Public Hearing opened at 8:57 P.M.

Barbara Klausner, DreamCatchers Board Member, indicated DreamCatchers
served low-income Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) students.
Approximately 75 percent of those students were Palo Alto residents.
HSRAP funding was important to DreamCatchers.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about DreamCatchers' current budget.

                                                                        Page 17 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
