                      FINAL MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd responded yes, that could be part of any Motion.                  She
requested questions regarding existing policy.

Council Member Price noted over the past several years, there had been a
significant slippage in HSRAP funding while the cost of providing services had
increased. If the Council was serious about providing needed services, then
this type of adjustment was important, necessary, and overdue.

Council Member Klein inquired whether Council Members should make
comments later in the discussion.

Mayor Shepherd answered yes.

Council Member Klein referred to the Staff recommendation for the HRC to
revisit potential funding for underfunded new and emerging needs for
agencies. He interpreted "new" needs as needs not considered by Staff and
the HRC in previous decisions. He requested Staff's interpretation of "new"
needs in the context of the Staff recommendation.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag reported "new and emerging needs" came from her
presentation to the Finance Committee in explaining that the HRC was
conducting a supplemental needs assessment with all major agencies under
two-year contracts. During the needs assessment, agencies identified new,
critical needs that should be addressed.

Council Member Klein inquired whether "new" needs were included in agency
requests for funding or were beyond what had been requested.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag advised that "new" needs could be beyond agency
requests at the beginning of the two-year cycle.

Council Member Berman understood Council Member Klein's question to be
whether agency requests at the outset of the two-year cycle were prohibited
from being considered.

Council Member Klein concurred with Council Member Berman's restatement
of his question and added whether Staff would encourage agencies to go
beyond those initial needs. Presumably agency requests for funding covered
specific projects.

Ms. Van Der Zwaag replied yes. Not all projects were funded at that time.

Council Member Klein inquired       whether   different   projects    would         be
considered part of the process.


                                                                            Page 9 of 29
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
