                             MINUTES
Based on Staff comments, the Council would have time to make
refinements. It was important for the public to receive the document quickly
to inform Council thinking.

Mayor Shepherd understood the Council utilized Study Sessions to provide
feedback to Staff. She did not believe Staff was interested in limiting
Council comments. She would support the Motion as amended, because it
aligned with the original procedure.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Council Member Klein intended to move a
continuance to a further Study Session or a Saturday meeting.

Council Member Klein would wait until the end of the current discussion to
determine if additional time was needed. Staff asked the Council to respond
to three questions; yet, the Council could not take action in a Study Session.

Vice Mayor Kniss associated herself with Council Member Price's comments.
She preferred to proceed to public engagement as soon as possible.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff did not intend for questions to be prescriptive, but
to gather the Council's perspective. Reviewing each section and gathering
comments from each Council Member would be a different process. He
asked if the Council would resolve the different points raised in a detailed
discussion or provide them to the public for input.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Mr. Keene meant this process was more
restrictive than the original.

Mr. Keene was attempting to clarify the process.

Mayor Shepherd would be concerned if this was more restrictive. She did
not want to limit Council comments.

Mr. Keene understood the Council needed to make a statement in advance
of the document being provided to the public about the status of policies and
recommendations. Under that process, the Council would be in an action
mode where it would have to make decisions. That was different than
having a Study Session to collect ideas. At the end of discussion, Staff
would have to design and support an involved community process.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Council would have 8 minutes to speak
primarily on the four items in the Motion, if the Motion passed.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Kniss, Price no

05/05/2014                                                            114- 561
