                             MINUTES
16.   Public Hearing: Council Review and Adoption of an Ordinance for a
      New Chapter 18.15 (Residential Density Bonus) to include in Title 18
      of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Implement Government Code
      Section 65915.

Mayor Shepherd indicated both items were called together because they
involved Amendments to the Municipal Code to implement the Housing
Element. The Council would discuss Item 15 and then Item 16, because the
two proposed Ordinances required separate votes.

Hilary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
both Ordinances amended the Municipal Code, and the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) recommended both be adopted. In
addition, the Regional Housing Mandate Committee (RHMC) recommended
approval of the Density Bonus Ordinance. The two Ordinances would allow
the City to comply with State law; to avoid the consequences of not
complying with State law; and to implement a Bonus Density Law that was
better than the default requirements of State law. The two Ordinances
would also fulfill commitments the City made when it adopted the updated
Housing Element; and would allow a successful update to the Housing
Element due to occur in 2015. Staff attempted to articulate all State
requirements and their derivation in the Staff Report. The State Density
Bonus Law was the law of the land, whether or not the Council adopted a
local Ordinance. The law required bonuses of up to 35 percent and reduced
parking requirements and design exceptions. Adopting a local Ordinance
would implement local procedures and hopefully steer Developers towards
design exceptions that Staff felt were less problematic. If the City failed to
implement the programs in its existing Housing Element, any person or
organization could file suit to challenge the City. The California Department
of Housing and Community Development (HCD) could implement additional
requirements in reviewing the next Housing Element if the City failed to
implement the current Housing Element. Significant penalties were enacted
for delaying submission of the Housing Element. A court could compel the
City to update its Housing Element and retain jurisdiction over related
matters. At places was a memorandum summarizing the implications of not
complying with the Housing Element update requirements; a list of
Neighborhood Commercial (CN) Zone parcels affected by the Housing
Element Ordinance; and a redlined version of the Density Bonus Ordinance
with corrections. Section 18.15.050(f) would allow 100 percent affordable
projects to request incentives not contained within the list of concessions.
The section could be modified or omitted by action of the Council. The
Density Bonus Ordinance essentially implemented a requirement contained
within State law. Because the City was not taking a discretionary action,
Staff did not believe California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) review was
required. In addition, the current Housing Element underwent CEQA review,

                                   7                      January 13, 2014
