                      FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Guardino stated the 2000 measure was expected to generate between
$6.5 billion and $7 billion in revenue. Approximately half of those funds
would be allocated for BART capital expenditures. The 2000 and 2008
campaigns were passed solely because they included BART.

Council Member Burt inquired about the amount of funds allocated to
Caltrain from the 2000 measure.

Mr. Guardino recalled the measure called for projects rather than dollar
amounts.

Council Member Burt did not believe the 2000 measure provided many funds
to Caltrain.

Mr. Guardino indicated the amount was not as much as he hoped would be
collectively invested in a new measure.

Council Member Burt understood the plan for the Diridon station projected
10,000 BART boardings per day and 10,000 Caltrain boardings per day.
Caltrain was more important for Silicon Valley than BART while its capital
needs were less than BART's.        That fact was the basis for a dialog
concerning the portion of funding that should go toward Caltrain needs and
address significant long-term capacity constraints. He hoped the ridership
equation would be a major part of the discourse on the proportion of funding
for Caltrain. Current polling showed a distinct shift in public perception in
that Caltrain support was exceeding BART support. It was quite a change
and hopefully would be part of the consideration in the funding proportions.

Mr. Guardino never quite understood the perception of one system versus
the other. The two systems coming together would serve the entire region.
Caltrain carried 53,000 weekday passenger trips with a fare box return of 60
percent. BART carried 400,000 daily passenger trips with a fare box return
between 70 percent and 75 percent. The 16.1 mile extension of BART would
carry 90,000 additional weekday passenger trips.

Council Member Burt agreed that BART was a strong system. Capital dollars
expended per mile should be part of the funding equation. In that sense,
Caltrain was a more efficient system even with future investments. Each
system should be viewed in terms of the importance of the ridership
increase and the real problem of capacity for Caltrain. Caltrain on the
Peninsula would break down without adequate capacity.

Mr. Guardino remarked that electrification of Caltrain would increase safety,
speed, and headways and reduce greenhouse gas emissions and noise.
Funding was allocated based on actions that could be taken in a fiscally
                                                                          Page 19 of 29
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
