MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
approve the Resolution expressing appreciation to Denny Neverve upon his
retirement.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Shepherd asked for a moment of silence in honor of Officer Neverve.

Council returned to the Water Storage Study Session for further discussion.

Andy Poggio suggested mandatory water reductions not be based on historic
water use, because that approach punished residents who conserved water.
Instead, water usage could be allocated based on the number of people and
amount of landscaping per residence. The City could charge a premium for
residents who used more water than allocated.

Brian Schmidt, Santa Clara Valley Water District Vice Chair, encouraged
communication between City Staff and District staff. The District had a
website which provided conservation tips, save20gallons.org. The District
Board was considering a measure to double every conservation rebate. An
additional measure was to publicize those cities with the best water
conservation practices. A third measure was to increase the use of recycled
water.

David Coale utilized a gray water system to conserve water. He learned the
Planning Department was implementing different requirements than the
State. He asked the Council to address the issue.

Mr. Keene would provide information regarding City requirements for gray
water at a later time.

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director, noted the California Department of Public
Health promulgated regulations to maintain safe and clean drinking water.
Utilities Staff and City Attorney Staff were working with the Department of
Health to determine whether some regulations regarding gray water systems
could be reconsidered.

Mayor Shepherd recalled one speaker indicated the City was not solely
reliant on SFPUC for water, and requested clarification.

Ms. Fong reported the City had some wells which provided potable water.
The City partnered with the District on the conservation programs. The
City's primary water supply came from SFPUC.

Council Member Holman requested         Staff   comment   on   baselines       for
determining conservation efforts.
                                                                        Page 3 of 31
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/03/14
