                             MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez noted the County website would be updated extensively with
the project listing and status which would be available on the Planning site.

Council Member Price asked if it would be a logical assumption that the
intersection delay of various segments would rank in a priority level of the
project order.

Ms. Cameron said prioritizing issues within the ranking of projects was
selected by a criterion. Those criteria would be discussed by the Expressway
2040 Policy Advisory Board (2040 PAB) to determine its validity and need for
alteration. The level of service was first priority followed by the safety
priority whether it was vehicular, pedestrian or bicycle.

Council Member Price asked if there was discussion on Park and Ride lot
expansion.

Ms. Cameron stated generally the Park and Ride lots were out of the scope
of the County. The lots were the control of the owner of the property. The
County would be addressing the lot issues with VTA and Caltrain with
respect to the Page Mill Road/Highway 280 expansion.

Council Member Price asked what was meant by the term defer of the
Highway 280/Page Mill Road area. How open ended was the deferment.

Mr. Collen stated when the County spoke to the Caltrain staff, they felt the
priority was to get it right and were aiming for options all involved
communities were content with. At the present time there was no pressing
date to speak of.

Ms. Cameron mentioned there was a focus study on the Highway 280/Page
Mill Road interchange.

Mr. Rodriguez added for that reason the Staff proposed concept plan was so
valuable.

Council Member Berman was surprised not to see on either the current or
2025 schedule the El Camino Real/Page Mill Road/Oregon Expressway
intersection.

Ms. Cameron agreed that section was not standing out on its own because it
was being absorbed in the other directions. What was occurring was an
operational problem, what was needed was an extension to the double left
turn lane westbound Page Mill Road onto El Camino Real therefore freeing up
the straight through lanes.

06/16/2014                                                            115- 150
