                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Burt advised that the medium and large tiers of the EcoPass
were inexpensive, and asked if Staff discussed more gradations in the
pricing structure with VTA.

Mr. Rodriguez did discuss the EcoPass system with VTA; however, that
conversation did not include more tiers within the pricing structure.

Mr. Keene believed more intermediate tiers would be possible if the City was
allowed to bundle tiers geographically within the City.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff would distinguish ridership
between a rainy day and a fair weather day when analyzing boarding data.

Ms. Aggarwal provided monthly ridership data for the first six months of
2014. She would provide further analysis for each month over the prior
year.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff evaluated Alma Street versus El Camino
Real coverage on the west route.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Alma Street was challenging as a shuttle route
because of the limited number of locations for stops and the safety of a left-
turn over Caltrain tracks.

Council Member Burt did not envision a shuttle crossing Caltrain tracks other
than at Oregon Expressway.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff attempted to identify additional
marketing techniques to increase awareness of the shuttle program.

Mr. Rodriguez was reviewing tech companies that provided marketing
services for shuttle programs. For a fee, the companies could add a shuttle
service to their program.

Council Member Berman suggested advertising the shuttle program on
Caltrain's website. Staff should focus on identifying new riders.

Mayor Shepherd wished to reduce the number of car trips to schools, and
asked if Staff could explore increasing the number or size of shuttles running
in the morning.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the City paid extra money to ensure half-hour shuttle
service for schools in the morning. Staff felt running larger buses or more
buses during a peak period of the day was cost prohibitive. If the Council
wished, Staff could refine those numbers and present them to the Council.

                                                                         Page 14 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
