                              MINUTES
There was no evidence to support access roads and Stanford University’s
project that was turned in late should not necessarily be approved if it
violated the law. Staff supported their recommendation with unambiguous
language that needed to be interpreted. Council was entitled to independent
legal advice about unambiguous language that should be followed.

Ruth Lowy supported the project and said potential safety problems were
articulated. Adding an entry on Dartmouth Street helped with the lack of
turnarounds and added another road, which helped with the congestion from
the housing complexes because there was definitely going to be traffic. It
was possible to add an exit to Page Mill Road and it was good for people to
express their concerns.

Rita Vrhal remarked that there was room for sidewalks and larger roads.
Some residents talked about children and how narrower roads caused people
to move to the side of the road; having roadsides consistent with the rest of
Palo Alto was important. The message she heard from comments was the
request for a redesign.

Mr. Balin wondered why Measure D was adopted if it was not going to be
enforced and said departments like Fire and Code Development did not get
involved in interpretation of the code. He clarified that his traffic study dealt
with commercial development, but the discussion now related to residential
development. Regarding outreach, he noted that Stanford University held
outreach meetings and has listened but were not responding. The access
road on Page Mill Road was allowed for construction. He said it was a
natural fire road that should go to the back of the project and should be an
easement to this property. He cautioned approval of this project because
the housing was so dense and said there was no problem with taking out a
few homes to put in a new road and putting them elsewhere. He suggested
the proposal be sent back, redesigned, and given new direction.

Mr. Wuthmann said the roads were equal to or larger than the ones in
College Terrace for the sake of traffic safety. Stanford University was willing
to look at redesign of the sidewalk on Amherst Street.

Ms. McCown noted that there was a letter given to the Council that
confirmed Staff’s interpretation of the Fire Code.

Annette Walton explained that Stanford University elected Department of
Toxic Substance Control because they have hydrologists, engineers, and
toxicologists that can evaluate any condition.

06/23/2014                                                          115- 216
