                             MINUTES
Ms. Lee reported platforms were not within the scope of the project.
Caltrain was asked to size and package the project to provide effective and
improved service to the community. Additional improvements were needed,
but no funding was available.

Council Member Burt added that Caltrain did not have to limit the
environmental analysis to the project for which it had funds.

Ms. Lee clarified that the original project was subject to Federal clearance.
For the Federal process, Caltrain was required to have a sufficient funding
plan for the project which must match the scope of the project.

Council Member Burt asked if Caltrain was required to have funding in order
to achieve a Federal environmental clearance.

Ms. Lee explained that Caltrain was required to have a reasonable funding
plan that matched the scope of the project for Federal clearance.

Mayor Shepherd recalled that PS5 was located in the same place in both the
2003 and current EIR and requested an explanation for it not being
relocated.

Ms. Lee advised that the 35 percent design of the electrification system was
completed in 2008. For the current environmental document, Caltrain
essentially scrubbed that design to ensure all assumptions remained correct.
Caltrain did not redesign the existing design. For Greenmeadow, Caltrain
added alternatives.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether she was referring to the California Avenue
alternative.

Ms. Lee indicated the environmental document provided two alternatives;
Staff provided a third alternative. Caltrain would work with Staff to address
the location of PS5 in the final document.

Mayor Shepherd asked if PS5 would be relocated in the final document.

Ms. Lee reported that the final document did not have to state a preferred
alternative, but simply review all options. Caltrain would consider comments
regarding a third option recommended by Staff.

Mayor Shepherd asked if there was a strong likelihood PS5 would be
relocated.


04/21/2014                                                           114- 506
