                      DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Burt concurred.

Mayor Shepherd asked if two or three members for the subcommittee would
be appropriate.

Council Member Burt responded two.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Members provide               questions         and
comments so that the subcommittee could work effectively.

Council Member Burt proposed that Response Number 1 include a second
sentence that "The City should not have leased the parcel except for
conservation purposes." In the response to Recommendation Number 2, the
second to last sentence stated that the Real Estate Division reviewed it, but
it did not state that the Real Estate Division determined all other leases were
in compliance. That should be clarified. Finding Number 3 should clarify
that at the September meeting the Council recognized there was not an
address for the parcel and the then Mayor publicly provided a greater
description of the parcel. Recommendation Number 4 indicated the City had
implemented the recommendation; however, he was unsure how the City
implemented it. In the response to Number 5a, "could" should be replaced
with "should."     Finding Number 6 should clarify how well the Council
historically    had     responded     and     the   Council's    shortcomings.
Recommendation Number 6 should delineate actions and speak concretely
regarding additional software.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
have the Mayor appoint a two person Subcommittee to work with the City
Manager to incorporate Council comments, and to return to Council
September 15, 2014 with a draft response.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the Motion was appropriate.

Council Member Holman advised that the Council should vote on the Motion.

Mayor Shepherd      suggested    the   Council   provide   comments       for    the
Subcommittee.

Council Member Burt believed it best for the Council to comment prior to
voting on the Motion.

Council Member Holman requested the City Attorney clarify whether a vote
on the Motion was necessary prior to discussion.

Ms. Stump reported the Council could hold discussion prior to a vote.

                                                                          Page 32 of 40
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
