                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman advised that when Staff brought the P&TC recommendations to
the Council in February, there was some discussion that P&TC
subcommittees had worked on language that did not surface until it was
presented to the Council. Some Council Members suggested updating the
Comprehensive Plan utilizing the existing language as the basis.

Council Member Klein did not believe the P&TC acted improperly.

Ms. Gitelman did not intend to suggest the P&TC acted improperly. The
P&TC did a great deal of work over many years in reviewing the
Comprehensive Plan language.

Council Member Klein questioned whether a problem existed for many
issues. Threshold questions were not reflected in the Staff Report. With
respect to Recommendation Number 1, he did not see evidence of a problem
or a definition of retail.

Ms. Gitelman noted the Study Session provided a handful of issues related to
retail preservation. Staff had not performed an analysis of the issue and
probably would not in the next two weeks. If the Council agreed, Staff
would prioritize an analysis and Ordinance language.

Council Member Klein indicated Staff should determine whether there was a
problem and the degree of problem, if any, before presenting an Ordinance
to the Council.

Ms. Gitelman would do so if the Council agreed it was a priority.

Council Member Klein suggested Staff utilize sales tax data to determine the
types of establishments producing an increase in sales tax. He asked if
comments regarding the County Expressway System referred to the existing
program.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes.

Council Member Klein referred to page 118 regarding potential commercial
zoning changes discussed at the Study Session. He preferred it state
suggestions by individual Council Members. Scenario 3 would place Caltrain
in a trench with a 2-percent grade south of Oregon Expressway. He did not
believe a trench could be financed or built within the timeframe of the
Comprehensive Plan and questioned the inclusion of that scenario.




11/03/2014                                                           116- 40
