                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene understood the grant was a separate issue from discussion of the
Plan.

Council Member Burt did not believe a significant discussion regarding the
grant would meet the time constraints of the Agenda.

Mayor Shepherd requested input from the City Manager.

Mr. Keene reported the Council could bifurcate the item for an in-depth
discussion. The Council had previously mentioned the possibility of a
Wednesday meeting to discuss a single item. A discussion should be held
soon.

Council Member Burt remarked that a brief discussion at the current time
would inform the grant consideration. He inquired about subsequent grant
opportunities.

Ms. Gitelman understood the Council felt some urgency to have site-specific
planning prior to an application being filed for development of the Fry's site.
If a grant application was not submitted on April 28, 2014, the City would
have to wait for the next grant cycle to submit an application.

Council Member Burt explained that the Motion did not determine whether
the Council would take action on the grant. The Council had not had an
opportunity to review the significance of the very large up-zoning for the
area. Many responses provided at-places did not address questions, and
some were inaccurate.

Council Member Holman stated the Plan had been eight years in the making,
and the Council could not rush through its review. Council comments
regarding the Plan would inform whether the City should apply for the grant.
Applying for the grant seemed to commit the Council to a policy direction.

Mr. Keene remarked that Council Members knew the area pretty well, knew
the forces at play, and could see the recommended changes. There might
be a good policy reason to determine whether the City wanted to apply for
the grant or not. He would not suggest the Council direct Staff to disregard
the grant, because there might be sufficient agreement to pursue it.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern regarding limiting comments to
five minutes. Because the topic was important, Council Members should be
allowed sufficient time to provide all their comments. It was inappropriate
to limit comments to five minutes as there was not a Council policy.


04/21/2014                                                             114- 490
