                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein felt national standards were interesting but not
appropriate for every situation. Another consideration for inclusion was the
use of Stanford University spaces. He hoped Staff would not spend a great
deal of time regarding expanding or acquiring land for parks. Most people
recognized that Palo Alto was 99 percent built out.

Mr. Betts noted a vacant parcel was adjacent to Mayfield Park. He wanted to
have a list of properties that could make a park functional or that could add
space for more amenities. That type of information would be good for future
planning.

Council Member Klein inquired about a potential budget for land acquisition
as the cost of land in Palo Alto was high.

Mr. Betts mentioned Palo Alto's long legacy of donations to expand park
facilities, and wished to plant the seed for benevolent residents to consider
endowing the City with additional parkland.

Council Member Klein referenced the statement that Palo Alto did not meet
the needs of citizens with a broad range of mental and physical abilities. He
requested context for that statement and a comparison of Palo Alto to other
cities. The Staff Report seemed to indicate the City needed more safety and
security in parks, while acknowledging that almost no accidents had
occurred.

Ms. Schmitt reported the Staff Report was not an assessment of the park
system; however, it was a good overview of the perception of facilities in
Palo Alto.

Council Member Burt felt the Staff Report contained depth and good vision.
The half-mile distance was a good rule of thumb, but it should not be rigid.
Walking patterns and pathways were not the same as adjacencies to parks.
Policy should include providing parks such that children and elderly residents
did not have to cross major arterial roadways to access a park. He liked the
reference to safe routes to parks and requested a concept of pedestrian
arterial pathways. There was a contradiction between advocating for better
lighting in parks and rules against access to parks after dark. Ordinances
should be updated.       The language regarding acquisition of land was
appropriate with respect to strategic sites. Staff should identify shortfalls
and align parkland with added housing density. The City owned parcels that
were not parkland and not good candidates for parkland. Perhaps those
parcels could be traded for more valuable sites. He preferred a greater
emphasis on natural landscaping in parks and supported having more than
one category of defined parkland. Many residents supported parks having
refreshment stands.
                                                                         Page 4 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
