                     DRAFT MINUTES
Council Member Holman replied yes.

Ms. Stump reported Staff endeavored to identify clearly and concretely
parcels of land subject to real estate Closed Sessions. The parcel did not
have a street address; therefore, Staff identified it by the assessor's parcel
number, which was unique. After the Agenda was published, Staff identified
the need for a more useful description and Former Mayor Yeh orally read a
specific description into the record.

Council Member Holman recommended the response to Recommendation
Number 2 state that all leases would be published and presented to the
Council for review and differentiate between property and facilities.

Ms. Stump indicated that was covered by an Ordinance. The Council's
procedure was to submit a Colleagues' Memo requesting an Ordinance
change be presented to the Council.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director, advised that Staff provided
annually a list of all leases executed by the City Manager.

Council Member Holman noted the list was provided after the City Manager
executed leases.

Mr. Perez agreed it was an informational report.

Mr. Keene commented that Staff could present a discussion item on the
topic.

Council Member Holman remarked that the City needed a process for a third
party to initiate discussions about a real property transaction.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to refer the two Policies and Procedures to the
Policy and Services Committee for review of ambiguities.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Policy and Services Committee should
provide a recommendation to the Council on September 15.

Council Member Burt answered yes.

Mr. Keene indicated the Subcommittee could determine which Policies and
Procedures needed additional review and recommend that they be referred
to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Burt recommended that be included as input to the
Subcommittee.
                                                                         Page 34 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
