                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff felt it was important for the Council to provide clear
directions to the Applicant, so the Applicant could return with a proposed
operator that met the Council's requirements.       He requested the City
Attorney comment on language of the Substitute Motion.

Ms. Stump suggested the Substitute Motion incorporate the idea of
extending the PC Ordinance, set to expire at the end of the year, to allow
the operator sufficient time to return to the Council.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Scharff had a proposed
time limit for returning to the Council.

Council Member Scharff responded March 31, 2015 was acceptable.

Council Member Burt expressed concern that the Council was not providing
adequate direction to the developer absent the Substitute Motion. The
Substitute Motion seemed to capture the Council's and the community's
direction. Comments reflected a desire for a grocery store identical to JJ&F
and a grocery store reflecting the times. Those two comments provided
contradictory guidance.

Council Member Price originally supported Staff's recommendation; however,
she now supported the Substitute Motion. Comparability was difficult to
define. The additional elements provided guidance and addressed concerns.
The key point was a successful grocery store.

Council Member Schmid supported the Motion. Public comment indicated
serious issues with the Applicant's proposal. The Council should not tell the
Applicant what to do. The discussion provided a monetary value of the
public benefit, $2,000 per day.

Council Member Berman understood the residents of the neighborhood
wanted a grocery store located in the neighborhood. He wanted to achieve
that goal. The Applicant's offer to pay a penalty was a commitment to
provide a long-term grocery store. He urged the Applicant to scrutinize
future proposals for issues the community could take issue with. The
Substitute Motion provided concrete direction to the Applicant. The Council
and the community needed assurance that a qualified grocer would own and
operate the business.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the Substitute Motion needed to
state that the Council did not find the proposal would provide comparable
quality of products and services as JJ&F.

Ms. Silver responded yes and offered language for inclusion in the Substitute
Motion.



12/01/2014                                                            116- 159
