                              MINUTES

Because there was no altitude data, Staff could not determine if planes
would fly lower and presumably be more noisy. Staff requested altitude
data, but had been unable to obtain it.

Steve Katzman believed the report was misleading. Planes deviated from
paths in order to save time and fuel, to land safely, and to be more easily
controlled. Planes merged original flight paths into a single flight path,
which was easier for controllers to monitor and handle. The FAA was
proposing the single path be the official path. The single flight path resulted
in hours during the day without a break in noise. The FAA modeled airplane
sound, but did not measure sound on the ground in Palo Alto.

Council Member Burt asked if Mr. Katzman had reference materials
regarding the merging of flight paths.

Mr. Katzman answered yes.

Council Member Burt requested Mr. Katzman provide those materials to
Staff.

Mr. Keene clarified that Staff did not have altitude information that could
help Staff interpret the problem. The speaker seemed to say airplanes had
not been following the existing patterns, and the FAA was attempting to
formalize the new patterns.

Stewart Carl noticed a dramatic increase in jet noise over Palo Alto in the fall
of 2013. He attended two FAA workshops to gain information. The FAA was
not changing air routes, but changing maps to match the air routes already
changed. The FAA moved air routes south over Palo Alto. The FAA was
requesting comment on whether it should adjust formal maps to match the
changes.

Council Member Burt suggested Mr. Carl provide written comments.

Mr. Keene requested written public comments be provided quickly as the
submission deadline was May 4, 2014. He assumed the Council would
support a letter to the FAA including comments from Mr. Katzman and Mr.
Carl.

Mr. Carl reported the FAA stated off-the-record that it did not shift noise at
the staff level. At a higher level, the FAA shifted routes south under
pressure from residents of San Mateo County.

04/29/2014                                                              114- 547
