                              MINUTES
Council Member Holman stated without some kind of clarity regarding what
the Council expected Staff to provide, the current discussion was pointless.

Council Member Burt concurred with a need for clarification. He inquired
whether fees were calculated based upon facility needs and revenue sources.

Mr. Perez answered yes.

Council Member Burt advised that infrastructure planning and the impact
fees were developed in parallel over the past year and a half. The two were
not reconciled in the late spring or early summer of 2014. When the Finance
Committee discussed the item, the Council had not allocated revenue
sources for public facility needs. Staff should recalculate the basis in facility
needs after the election.

Mr. N. Perez commented that amounts always changed.

Council Member Burt clarified that amounts did not change to such a great
extent. From the $96 million listed for public safety facilities, $57 million for
the Public Safety Building should be removed.

Mr. N. Perez asked if the amount was 100 percent non-speculative.

Mr. Keene felt Staff should return with the item. The Infrastructure Funding
Plan occurred subsequent to development of the fees. The Public Safety
Building could cost more than estimated. The Council did not fund all items
on the infrastructure projects list; therefore, the fee revenues could be
reallocated to other projects.

Council Member Burt added that the Council could decide to fund 85 percent
of the Public Safety Building with funds previously identified. Based upon
existing policy direction, the Public Safety Building and Fire Station Number
3 did not belong on the list of needs. That alone was sufficient reason to
return the item for redirection. He inquired about the source for 1.25
persons served per 1,000 square feet contained in Table 20.

Mr. N. Perez advised that it was a standard California metric.

Council Member Burt noted the City's Zoning Code used a standard of 4
people per 1,000 square feet. The Council had discussed whether that
number was too low. The difference was not a nominal amount, and
ensuing calculations flowed from that number.

Mr. N. Perez explained that 2.5 was the number of employees per 1,000
square feet. The 1.25 was the number of persons served per 1,000 square
feet.

11/03/2014                                                                116- 63
