                       FINAL MINUTES
Mr. Wong indicated the former YWCA location was zoned R-1, but could
produce 20-plus units. The parcel located on the corner of Churchill Avenue
and El Camino Real was zoned RM-15 and contained a medical office. The
parcel could produce 68 units. Tier 7 was comprised of sites in the current
housing inventory where the capacity yield could be increased. Sites in the
current inventory were calculated at 20 units per acre, or approximately 67
percent of zoning capacity; however, many were zoned CS or RM-30.
Increasing zoning capacity to 85 percent would yield 358 additional units.
However, HCD might not accept these additional units because the City had
not historically zoned to 85 percent capacity. The State allowed up to 25
percent of the RHNA requirement to be fulfilled by existing units under three
stringent programs: conversion of existing market rate units to affordable
units, preservation of at-risk affordable housing, and rehabilitation of
existing units. Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC) reported the 23 units
of the Colorado Park Apartments had no deed restrictions; thus, the City
could apply the 23 units toward unmet need. Discussions among the
Community Panel, Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) and
RHMC concurred with use of existing units, residential second units, and
some units at the Fry's site for unmet need. In May 2014, the RHMC moved
to identify certain sites and to indicate identification of sites would continue
after HCD certified the Housing Element. Staff presented the RHMC's Motion
to the P&TC, and the P&TC also recommended continuing the review process
and considering an exchange of San Antonio Avenue and El Camino Real
sites for other sites as part of the Comprehensive Plan process. Staff hoped
to submit a draft Housing Element to HCD for initial consultation at the end
of June 2014. In July and August, Staff would work with the Community
Panel, P&TC, and RHMC regarding programs. In October and November,
Staff planned to review the revised draft with the Community Panel, P&TC,
and RHMC and obtain their recommendations. In November, Staff hoped to
present the Council with a draft Housing Element for comment.

Herb Borock concurred with Staff's use of existing residentially zoned sites.
For the Fry's site, the appropriate number of units should be 174. The City
had discussed installing solar panels on surface parking lots, which would
impact the use of those lots.

Robert Moss suggested Staff consider 100 surplus units rather than 200.
Staff should identify fewer units for the Fry's site. Within Tier 3, Staff should
select only sites necessary to fulfill the unmet need. He was interested in
preserving below-market rate (BMR) units and converting market rate units
to BMR units.

Steve Pierce did not believe parking lots should be considered for housing,
because of the parking crisis in the City.
                                                                               Page 7 of 14
                                                               Special City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 06/04/14
