                             MINUTES
Staff recommended the Council continue its practice of discussing
Management and Professional Staff compensation in Closed Session and
refer the larger question to the Policy and Services Committee for discussion
related to Management and Professional Staff and other bargaining groups.
Staff would notice the Closed Session for the next Council meeting. Council
directions given to Staff during the Closed Session would be placed on the
Council Agenda for action at the following meeting.         After the Closed
Session, Staff would meet with representatives of Management and
Professional Staff to advise them of the Council's likely action at the Open
Session.

Herb Borock suggested the City Manager's initial recommendation regarding
compensation for an employee group should be made public and included in
the packet for the Closed Session.        The Council's deliberations and
subsequent City Manager recommendations would continue to be made in
Closed Session. Alternatively, offers and counteroffers exchanged between
the City and employee groups during negotiations could be made public. A
third alternative would be for City and employee group negotiations be held
in public if employee groups agreed. Information regarding the Management
Compensation Committee would be useful.

Bob Moss felt Staff should publicly present the range of salaries for
categories of Staff and compare salaries with private industry and other
cities. City negotiations with employee groups should be held in private.
The City should inform the public first, so that the public could provide
feedback.

Stephanie Munoz remarked that the public should be made aware of
negotiation terms as they were exchanged rather than simply being
informed of the results.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to accept Staff recommendation to:

      1) Continue the current practice of discussing appropriate elements of
         the FY 2015 proposed Management & Professional Compensation
         Plan (“Plan”) in closed session as permitted under the Ralph M.
         Brown Act (“Brown Act”), followed by a presentation, discussion
         and adoption of the Plan in open session as an Action Item.

      2) Refer to the Policy and Services Committee the discussion of
         alternatives regarding the use and sequence of closed and open
         sessions for discussing compensation and benefits changes for the
         various labor groups and the unrepresented Management and
         Professional group.

11/17/2014                                                            116- 133
