                             MINUTES
Mr. N. Perez advised that impact fees became less and less of a tool as the
City became built out and the allocation to new development dwindled.

Mayor Shepherd remarked that placing restrictions on commercial space
could result in collecting even fewer fees.

Stephanie Munoz felt the presentation assumed some issues not in evidence.
A Public Safety Building would always be a problem, because the
communications center was inadequate with respect to earthquake safety.
Much of that had been taken care of through the mobile unit.

Council Member Holman referred to the two charts on Packet Page 418
regarding office fees and retail/industrial fees and the at-places
memorandum regarding commercial and office/institutional and industrial.
She asked what was commercial and where was retail.

Mr. N. Perez reported retail was commercial.

Council Member Holman inquired about reasons for retail paying more than
office/institutional when retail had fewer employees per 1,000 square feet
than general office. The City utilized and considered an outdated measure of
4 employees per 1,000 square feet. The report utilized 1.5 persons served
per 1,000 square feet for commercial, 1.25 persons served per 1,000 square
feet for general office, and 0.5 person served per 1,000 square feet for
industrial. She did not believe that could be supported.

Mr. N. Perez indicated multiplying those by 2 would result in 3 employees for
retail, 2.5 employees for office, and 1 employee for industrial.

Council Member Holman asked why retail would have more than office.

Mr. N. Perez explained that typically retail served more people than office.

Council Member Holman believed that was not the case in Palo Alto. She
asked if he used generalized numbers. Utilizing one number to calculate
parking demand and a totally different number to calculate the fees did not
make sense.

Mr. N. Perez had not seen the parking figures.

Council Member Holman stated it was a basic aspect of the City's Municipal
Code.    To a skeptical person, the report appeared to manipulate the
numbers of persons served per 1,000 square feet to justify an even number
across the different sectors. She referred to the Minutes found on Packet
Page 464 regarding Palo Alto being relatively lower compared to peer
communities on the non-residential side.

11/03/2014                                                              116- 61
