                             MINUTES
Council Member Price understood the consequences of not adopting the
proposed Ordinance would be detrimental to the City. She expressed
concern that Council actions would not fulfill the commitment contained in
the Housing Element. She inquired whether Staff would have sufficient time
to follow Council directions such that the City would remain eligible for a
streamlined review of the upcoming Housing Element.

Ms. Gitelman reported there was no hard deadline for the Council to adopt
the two Ordinances; however, there was a sense of urgency. Preparing the
next Housing Element would be more difficult without adoption of the two
Ordinances. If the City did not qualify for streamlined review, then it would
be challenged to meet the deadline. If the City did not meet the deadline,
then it would have to update the Housing Element every four years. An
extended referral to the P&TC and return to the Council could compromise
the ability to meet the Housing Element deadline.

Council Member Price felt Staff was clear regarding the implications.        She
was concerned about Staff's ability to comply with Council direction.

Mr. Keene noted the Council would discuss the entire Comprehensive Plan in
relation to transportation, land use, and community services. The point of
the Comprehensive Plan was not to deconstruct it into individual
components. It would be difficult to connect all components in the given
timeframe without a means to move through the individual elements. Not
acting on items delayed the whole process. He hoped the public would
understand that delay was part of the thorough public process and not
designed to prevent action.

Council Member Scharff felt the City would have great difficulties if was not
eligible for streamlined review of the Housing Element.          It would be
irresponsible to lose that opportunity. If the Council did not recognize that,
it was abdicating its responsibilities. He inquired whether the Motion would
prevent the City from obtaining the streamlined review.

Ms. Gitelman reported the Council needed to take the actions to qualify for
the streamlined review. There was no hard deadline, but the Council needed
to act soon in order to begin the next Housing Element update. If the
Council referred the matter to the P&TC, the City would miss the opportunity
for streamlined review.

Council Member Scharff remarked that continuing the item for Staff to draft
language including State mandated provisions but not approving them was
not logical. The City agreed in its Housing Element to enact the Ordinance.
He did not believe there was a default provision if the City did not enact the
proposed Ordinance. He did not believe Staff could draft language referring
to State mandated provisions without incorporating the provisions.
                                   18                     January 13, 2014
