proceed with a 3 percent Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) increase; prioritize
funding of a Public Safety Building (PSB); proceed with TBWB's, the City's
communications consultant, outreach work regarding a TOT tax increase;
direct the City Manager to develop a plan for a PSB; and not to perform
additional surveys regarding which type of revenue measure to pursue. The
Funding Plan was a list of key unfunded projects and funding sources. The
main goal of the Funding Plan was to align specific infrastructure project
needs with specific funding sources and demonstrate the impact of a
revenue increase on the City's ability to fund certain projects. The highest
priority project under the proposal was the PSB. The entire cost of a PSB
would be funded through existing sources and Certificates of Participation
(COPs) from existing hotel revenue. No funds from a TOT tax increase
would fund a new PSB. All revenue from a 3 percent TOT tax increase would
fund projects in Step 2 of the proposal. TBWB outlined a plan for public
outreach and ballot language preparation, anticipating that the Council
would make a final determination regarding a TOT tax increase in June
2014. The latest possible date the Council could place a ballot measure for
November 2014 election was on August 4, 2014.

Council Member Klein, Chair of the Infrastructure Committee, reported the
Infrastructure Committee faced literally a hundred different variables in
determining infrastructure projects and funding sources. Given the number
of variables, the Infrastructure Committee's proposal was not the only
possible proposal. If the Council chose to add projects, then it would need
to eliminate other projects with a similar dollar amount or determine ways to
increase funding. The Infrastructure Committee carefully reviewed the costs
of proposed projects. Fire Station Numbers 3 and 4 were both obsolete and
inadequate.     The Infrastructure Committee tried to coordinate its
recommendations with the Capital Improvement Program (CIP). The City's
consultant recommended not including an advisory measure on the ballot
with a tax measure.

James Keene, City Manager, explained information contained in the
spreadsheet. The list of projects totaled $140.8 million and existing funding
totaled $113 million. The Infrastructure Committee chose to fund a PSB in
Step 1 for a total of $57 million and identified revenue of $57 million. In
Step 2, remaining unfunded projects totaled $91.8 million and existing
funding totaled $37 million.      The Infrastructure Committee selected a
majority of those remaining projects for a total of $75.2 million and utilized
all the remaining funding along with the 3 percent COP to fund those
projects. Projects remaining after Step 2 totaled $16.6 million. If the
Council supported the list of projects, funding sources, and a 3 percent TOT
tax increase, it could accomplish virtually all infrastructure projects.


                                                                        Page 23 of 31
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 03/03/14
