Mr. Keene reported Council procedures called for a checkin at 10:00 P.M.
and discouraged the Council from taking up a new item after 10:30 P.M.
Under Council procedures, Council Members had 35 minutes to complete
their questions.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Klein was suggesting the Council
not take up all items.

Council Member Klein answered no. He was suggesting Council Members
limit their questions to 6 minutes per Council Member.

Mayor Shepherd asked if 6 minutes would include Staff's responses to
questions.

Council Member Klein responded yes. He was concerned about the ranking
of Synagrow. He did not find a reference to the achievement or problems
with annual GHG. Page 262 stated that scoring was 50 percent cost and 50
percent technical. The six factors did not include GHG.

Mr. Bobel asked if Council Member Klein wanted to know why Staff did not
include GHG as a factor.

Council Member Klein replied yes.

Matthew Krupp, Public Works, reported the GHG analysis was part of
technical considerations, which was 25 percent of the technical score. Staff
could rank it higher. The Council had the prerogative to reassign the weight
for different factors.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, advised that the Council could
determine the weighting if a new RFP was issued. As to the existing RFP,
the Council could not change the percentage of the criteria assigned in the
RFP. The Council could re-score the proposers if it did not agree with the
technical scoring.

Council Member Klein recalled several speakers mentioned the possibility of
subverting the bid process by obtaining consent from the three proposers,
and asked if Staff attempted that.

Ms. Silver answered no. There was still some legal vulnerability in that
approach. If Staff negotiated a plan that was completely outside the scope
of the existing RFP, there might be protests.

Council Member Klein requested Staff report on the City's liability if all three
bidders consented to a different process.



04/29/2014                                                              114- 530
