                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein recalled Council discussion regarding use of the Golf
Course parking lot and requested Staff comment on that possibility.

Mr. Rodriguez had not explored the use of Golf Course parking as a
temporary parking facility. Use of Golf Course parking spaces influenced the
long-term operations of the Golf Course itself. Therefore, alternative uses of
existing Golf Course parking could impact any environmental studies
performed to determine ways parking could support Golf Course activities.

Council Member Klein understood environmental studies of the Golf Course
were complete.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that changing the proposed use of Golf Course
parking would result in the need for additional environmental study.

Council Member Klein was not persuaded, because the report was complete
and the parking lot could easily be divided for Golf Course uses and other
uses.

Mr. Keene agreed the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for the Golf Course
was complete. Determining the number of spaces that could be used for
shuttle parking was more complicated. Most of the parking lot could be
available for shuttle parking, at least for the 16 months the Golf Course was
closed. The Golf Course parking lot could be a short-term option until other
parking supplies were operational.

Council Member Klein believed the Golf Course parking lot was a short-term
solution once the RPP Program was implemented and prior to constructing a
new parking garage Downtown. He requested the status of an RFP to
determine if owners of private parking garages were interested in leasing
parking spaces to the public.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that approximately 12 private garages were located
Downtown. Those garages typically were gate controlled to ensure privacy
for authorized users. In conversations with Staff, owners of private garages
were not interested in leasing spaces to the public.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, stated the topic of the Agenda Item was satellite
parking. A certain amount of discussion of related items was permissible. If
the Council wished to hold an extended discussion of parking solutions, it
should be agendized for a future meeting.

Council Member Klein asked why Staff did not include the current topic with
other parking issues agendized for the following week.
                                                                         Page 9 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/11/14
