                             MINUTES
appear to be an issue with respect to continuing the childcare program.
PAUSD was open to discussing the playing fields. The City and PAUSD
fundamentally disagreed regarding elimination of the Covenant Not to
Develop. PAUSD agreed the Covenant Not to Develop should be eliminated
from the lease; however, the funding stream should not be eliminated. The
City and PAUSD considered other perspectives on a lease with some
significantly different terms. Those terms were not within the Council's
direction to Staff. Discussion of those terms should be held in Closed
Session. He recommended the Council adjourn to Closed Session for him to
provide the final state of negotiations.

Council Member Klein advised that an additional term, rationalization of rent,
was not included.

Mr. Keene clarified that he did discuss that term with PAUSD. Elimination of
the Covenant Not to Develop payment challenged negotiation of other
terms.

Council Member Klein did not wish to overlook adjustment of the rent.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether Foothill College had notified the City
regarding its lease at Cubberley. She had heard that Foothill College would
vacate Cubberley within the next two years.

Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real Property Manager, indicated Foothill College
stated two years; however, they also suggested they might stay slightly
longer.

Mr. Keene asked if the Foothill College lease payment was approximately $1
million.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami answered yes.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt two years was a good guess.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether an additional term for discussion was
correcting PAUSD's boundaries to include all of Palo Alto.

Mr. Keene had not discussed that with PAUSD.

Mayor Shepherd received a letter from Los Altos School District indicating it
was searching for property along El Camino Real. She wanted PAUSD
boundaries to remain on the list of terms.

                                                                        Page 33 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 06/09/14
