                     FINAL MINUTES
Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported Council Member Scharff was correctly
reading from the Council's Procedures. A Motion to Continue to another
specific time could be made, required a second, was debatable, and carried
with a simple majority.

Council Member Klein reported debate of a Motion to Continue was limited to
whether or not the item should be continued.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESCINDED BY THE MAKER

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council
Member Price to continue consideration of the proposed Amendment to the
meeting of December 1, 2014.

Council Member Scharff agreed to continue the Amendment to the meeting
scheduled on December 1, 2014.

Council Member Price expressed concern that Staff would not have sufficient
time to compile information for the discussion.

Council Member Klein reiterated that debate was limited to whether or not to
continue the item.

Ms. Stump felt Council Member Price's comment met the question of
whether or not the item should be continued. The conversation regarding
whether Staff would be directed to perform such work would return on the
December 1 Agenda.

Council Member Schmid requested clarification         as   to   whether         the
Amendment included a ride-share program.

Council Member Scharff indicated it was a part of the Amendment.

Council Member Holman was interested in mobility issues for neighborhoods
and Research Park west of El Camino Real.

Mayor Shepherd noted the topic of debate was whether to continue the item.

Council Member Holman wished to understand topics included in the
Amendment so that she could determine whether to propose another
Amendment.

Mayor Shepherd advised that if the item was continued, then the Council
could develop topics of the Amendment.



                                                                         Page 20 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes10/27/14
