could take the form of a parking structure or a mixed-used project that
added to parking supply and achieved other objectives.

Council Member Holman felt soliciting Statements of Interest would be
inconsistent with action taken on Item Number 1.

Council Member Schmid believed surrendering control of existing parking
lots to a partnership was premature.

Mayor Shepherd noted the Staff Report indicated proposals would apply to
University Avenue and California Avenue, but that was not stated in the
proposed Motion.

Ms. Gitelman reported the recommended Motion was not specific to location.
This strategy could be used at a number of locations in the City. She
reiterated that this was an effort to solicit ideas, to get more information to
make a wise decision on all types of parking supply strategies. The Council
was not making a commitment by directing Staff to proceed.

Council Member Klein stated the proposal was innocuous, and the Council
should proceed.

Council Member Scharff agreed there was no harm in soliciting proposals.

Council Member Berman wished to ensure Staff prioritized important items
over unimportant items. Soliciting interest in public-private partnerships
was fairly unimportant.

Mayor Shepherd agreed the Council should solicit interest. She suggested
Staff consider soliciting interest in the use of private parking lots.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Holman, Schmid yes

MOTION #2 PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

MOTION #3: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Kniss to direct Staff to solicit proposals for design and environmental review
of spaces of satellite parking for discussion and possible award in June.

Council Member Burt was skeptical about satellite parking other than during
construction periods or bridge periods. He inquired whether Staff surveyed
the public to determine interest in and use of satellite parking.


                                                                         Page 27 of 37
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 2/10/14
