Council Member Burt stated the various initiatives in the TMA and the
broader TDM Program could be framed around three benefit categories:
reduction of traffic, mitigation of parking, and supplying amenities to the
community. The Council was considering major investments in programs
without considering the value provided by expenditures. Staff should give
more thought and reach out to the broader members of interested parties
for suggestions on the composition of the Steering Committee, and then
submit suggestions to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
for review.

Mayor Shepherd requested the City Attorney address the nature of
comments that Council Members could make regarding the Steering
Committee.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, understood Staff to indicate Steering Committee
meetings would be open and public. If meetings were informal, then the
committee would not be a Brown Act committee. Otherwise, the committee
would have to comply with Brown Act requirements. The Council could give
general directions and comments. If the Council included within a Motion
any type of establishment of that Committee, then the Committee would be
a Brown Act committee.

Mr. Keene reported Staff would reach out to a broad section of the
community for suggestions on both constituencies and individuals.

Council Member Burt suggested Staff include transit nonprofit agencies,
schools, and Stanford University. The responsibilities of the TMA covered a
wide breadth. He understood Staff to state that Go Passes were not being
considered for all employees, because that would not guarantee parking
spaces would be made available. However, the proposed measure did not
guarantee parking spaces would be made available.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Burt was speaking to
Item Number 12, Go Passes.

Council Member Burt was speaking to incentive programs as a component of
a TMA. He wanted to ensure Staff reevaluated a Go Pass program. The Staff
Report referenced the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Eco
Pass in an evaluation of options. He questioned why the Staff Report
presented options as either/or situations.

Mayor Shepherd indicated Council Member comments would focus on the
Motion once Council Member Burt's question was answered.




02/24/2014                                                           114- 334
