                             MINUTES
A second provision allowed for an oral up-bidding process after closed bids
were initially opened. The City always could cancel all bids and rebid. If the
Council wished to obtain the best price, it could instruct Staff to issue a
Request for Proposal (RFP) that disavowed those options and accepted the
highest bidder. Council Members' assessment of the situation should be
considered in their conflict situations. Steps could be taken to insulate
anyone in terms of the selection of a particular responder. Timing of the
issuance of TDRs could have an impact on financial interests.

Council Member Burt understood from the City Attorney's clarification why
conflicts of interest could exist.

Council Member Berman recused himself from Agenda Item 20 due to
ownership of real property located just outside the 500-foot boundary from
property that could be a receiver of the TDRs.

Mayor Shepherd recused herself from Agenda Item Number 20 due to her
husband leasing offices within the 500-foot boundary.

Mr. Perez clarified that the extension expired on June 30, 2015 rather than
June 30, 2014.

Rich Green, Palo Alto History Museum President, provided updated financial
information to the Council.

Myron Freedman, Palo Alto History Museum Executive Director, had
reviewed renovation plans and costs for the Roth Building with the architect
and the contractor, and looked forward to meeting with potential donors.
The goal of the History Museum was to serve the community by making
history relevant, accessible, and useful.     A history museum was the
community resource for engaging the past, and a place to encounter and
discuss common heritage. Utilizing the latest exhibit-design and technology,
the Museum would tell the City's story to inspire, to provoke questions, and
to invite participation. The Museum would have special galleries with an
array of changing exhibits, would be a destination for tours and talks, would
serve as the home of City archives, and would be an innovative resource for
teachers and students. A café and book store would enhance visits to the
Museum.

Mr. Green indicated the Board hosted a website and received significant
donations. The Board had raised more than $200,000; $168,000 from 57
new donors. In total the Museum had more than 500 donors who had given
more than $3.5 million. The Board had a fully engaged donor pool capable
of strong, ongoing funding for the Museum. The Board developed a pro
forma operating cost budget through to the year 2020.

12/15/2014                                                             116- 245
