ACTION ITEMS

14.   Council Review and Policy Direction to Staff on the Residential Parking
      Permit Program Framework (Continued from December 16, 2013).

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, noted
the item was originally scheduled for December 2013.                Because of
community input, Staff's thoughts had changed since the Staff Report was
prepared for the December 2013 meeting. Staff wished to create consistent
criteria and procedures for the establishment of Residential Parking Permit
(RPP) Districts and to prioritize proposals for RPP Districts. To eliminate
potential conflicts of interest for Council Members and Staff, Staff and the
Council could utilize an overarching framework to provide input regarding
policy issues.     In the prior month, Staff discovered a great deal of
commonality in opinions regarding a number of aspects of RPP Districts.
RPP Districts were the nexus between a Transportation Demand
Management (TDM) approach and parking supply strategies. The goal was
to establish an RPP conceptual framework to develop a community process
with ample engagement from neighborhood and business interests. The
proposed RPP framework contained three things: criteria for establishing
RPP Districts; a process to establish Districts; and a series of implementation
questions regarding individual Districts.

Jessica Sullivan, Senior Project Engineer, explained the proposed criteria for
establishing an RPP District. The first criterion was to identify a source of
non-resident parking intrusion into a potential RPP District. Residents from
one neighborhood parking in an adjacent neighborhood would not be a
trigger for establishing an RPP District. The second criterion was the
average occupancy on the streets needed to trigger an RPP District. Staff
proposed 75 percent occupancy; however, community feedback proposed a
slightly lower threshold. The City of Berkeley utilized a threshold of 75
percent, the City of San Francisco 80 percent, and the City of San Mateo 60
percent.     The third criterion was the level of support needed from
neighborhood residents.         Staff proposed 70 percent support or a
supermajority. Community feedback proposed 51 percent. Staff proposed a
five-step process to establish RPP Districts.         First, the neighborhood
residents of a potential District would self-organize and propose to Staff that
their neighborhood become an RPP District. The City would then receive the
request and provide a standard petition form to residents. Staff would also
request that the residents contact the perceived source of the parking
intrusion. Assuming a petition received 51 percent support, and then Staff
would begin data collection and analysis. Staff would conduct an occupancy
analysis of the impacted streets and determine the level of intrusion that
existed in the neighborhood. The City would also generate a survey for

                                                                          Page 6 of 19
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/27/2014
