                    CITY OF PALO ALTO
                         CITY COUNCIL
                                                             Special Meeting
                                                            February 3, 2014


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
           Shepherd

Absent:

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

1.   Introduction of Nuria Fernandez, General Manager, Santa Clara Valley
     Transportation Authority (VTA).

Council Member Price introduced Ms. Fernandez of the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA). Ms. Fernandez became General Manager of
VTA in December 2013.         With more than 30 years of experience in
transportation, Ms. Fernandez's career included planning, design and
construction of mass transit systems.

Nuria Fernandez had a long career in public transportation; however, one
highlight of her career was working with the U.S. Department of
Transportation in the 1990s where she worked with many communities. She
believed in the bike program and appreciated Palo Alto's participation in bike
sharing. VTA supported Caltrain in its operations and capital programs.
Caltrain was integral and critical to the VTA transportation network. With
the VTA Board, she identified priorities of public transportation for Levi's
Stadium and continuation of Bus Rapid Transit.         VTA was known for
providing ample forums for community feedback. She reorganized VTA's
community outreach group to have individuals assigned to city clusters. VTA
would continue to focus on the extension of Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART)
into Silicon Valley. She welcomed the opportunity to discuss VTA in Palo
Alto and to share ideas.

Council Member Burt requested the VTA Board seriously reconsider Santa
Clara County's representation on the VTA Board and determine if there
should be a North County representative.

Ms. Fernandez reported the appointments were made by the Chairman of
the Board. She would be happy to discuss the Council's concerns with him.



                                   1                      February 3, 2014
