                             MINUTES
various types of nonprofit agencies and the accounting procedure involved.
He questioned the meanings of location and type of business. Large
companies would have difficulty determining each location and type of
business in order to comply with the proposed Ordinance.            Section
4.60.040(c) referred to exemptions granted by the Constitution, and Federal
and State statute; however, page 105 indicated there were no State or
Federal statutes.

Ms. Silver clarified that some businesses were exempt from paying
registration fees.  The intent of the exception was to capture those
businesses without spelling them out specifically.

Council Member Klein read from page 105 that other California cities with a
Business Registry did not exempt any types of businesses.

Ms. Silver distinguished between the payment of the fee and the business
registration. The Council did not need to exempt any business from the
registration requirement, but certain businesses were exempt from paying a
fee.

Council Member Klein inquired about businesses exempt from paying fees.

Ms. Silver did not recall any specific business; they were obscure.

Council Member Klein agreed that some businesses were exempt from
paying taxes; however, those businesses did pay fees. Section 4.60.040(c)
pertained to business registration, rather than payment of the fee.
Exempting businesses from registration was not consistent with the intent of
the program or Staff comments. Rather than inspecting businesses for a
posted BRC, perhaps the City could request landlords provide a list of
tenants annually. He did not want an inspector going into offices. Section
4.60.080 required a separate BRC for each and every branch of a business;
however, a BRC was not required for each business owned and operated by
an individual from one location. He wanted the questionnaire to be simple
so that businesses would comply. He questioned whether the City needed
information such as emergency contact information and business type. He
particularly liked the request for ZIP Codes for each employee. He inquired
about Staff discussions with various stakeholders and members of the
business community regarding the length of the questionnaire.

Mr. Fehrenbach held a fair number of conversations with businesses in
general, the Chamber of Commerce, the Business Improvement District, and
with individual business owners. Generally the less questions the better was
their perspective. With regard to the business type, the intent was to
                                                                         Page 15 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 09/22/14
