                             MINUTES
William Ross noted that this hearing had to meet the findings of a legal case
in Los Angeles to bridge the gap of the evidence. Medical issues were the
primary calls for service and installing sprinklers did not reduce response
time for medical aid.      He suggested a comprehensive indemnification
provision for negligent response time.

Adrian Fine wanted to streamline Stanford University’s work because
according to the appeal, the project was ready. College Terrace was quiet
and because traffic was minimal, he did not see a problem with kids getting
to school safely. Installing mirrors was reasonable and he wanted the
project to continue forward.

Jane Uxrova wanted to see new families move in because the buildings were
empty. Private citizens were burdening this project unnecessarily.

Arthur Liberman said the layout was in conflict with the Fire Code because
access roads “shall be provided.” A turnaround dealt with basic safety
issues. The Staff Report related fire access roads to the “generally accepted
interpretation”. The Fire Marshall did make interpretations but none that
had effect on the Fire Code. If the Fire Marshall needed to amend the Code,
he should do so because the laws should not be modified.

Sharon Murphy said that 35 years ago the people worked to blockade the
streets in College Terrace. Now, the people were trying to preserve the
safety of the streets from people cutting through the neighborhood and
speeding. Having an access road to Page Mill Road was a limited request
because there used to be an access road.

Ed Schmitt remarked that there was a study performed a year ago at Peter
Coutts that determined that 54 percent of the traffic led to Stanford
University. The two peak times were early morning and evening and half of
the outbound traffic returned 30 minutes after leaving. Total traffic volume
was about 70 cars per hour during those times; he suspected two driving
trips were being made.

Michael Tomz supported the Mayfield project and felt it reduced the traffic
because he and his neighbors did not use their cars. This project helped to
build a community that interacted with each other, which was important for
the maintenance of academic excellence at a world class teaching institution.




06/23/2014                                                       115- 214
