                      FINAL MINUTES
months. The current measure would consume approximately 10 1/2 months
from start to finish. SVLG wanted to be as transparent as possible and to
draw in as much feedback as possible. A city council could always take
action; however, that was not part of SVLG's request.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the proposal would be complete
when first presented to the public for comment.

Mr. Guardino would need to have a finished proposal by the end of June
2014 in order to meet with the County Board of Supervisors and the Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) prior to the Registrar of Voters' deadline for
placing a measure on the ballot.

Council Member Berman asked if SVLG intended to provide specific
information regarding allocation of funding.

Mr. Guardino indicated past successes were quite specific. Voters in Santa
Clara County preferred a high level of specificity.

Council Member Klein believed Palo Alto's perceptions were that it had not
received the appropriate share of funds and that funds had been transferred
from projects for the area. Statistics lauding BART would not necessarily
persuade Palo Alto residents, because the number of Palo Alto residents
riding BART was relatively small. Goodwill for Caltrain improvements would
disappear if Caltrain crossings worsened traffic congestion.       Palo Alto
residents felt the City should have a greater voice in Caltrain governance
through a Palo Alto or Mountain View representative to the Caltrain Board of
Directors. Residents wanted assurance that Caltrain funding would be
sufficient for daily operations.

Mr. Guardino reported approximately ten core areas were feasible for grade
separations. If grade separations cost as much as $150 million each, they
were not feasible. He could not recall if grade separations in Palo Alto had
been scoped for cost. Some scoping had been performed for locations in
Mountain View. If City Staff had those types of figures, he requested Staff
provide him copies for his information. SVLG never attempted to include
governance in measures it drafted.

Council Member Scharff believed there was a great deal of angst concerning
Caltrain capacity. Changes required a lengthy time period to implement
while ridership increased rapidly. If he understood correctly, $1.3 billion
would be allocated to BART. He inquired whether one-seventh of $3.5 billion
would be allocated to Caltrain.


                                                                          Page 22 of 29
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
