                              MINUTES
  4. Stabilize and reduce long-term the City’s financial support for the JMZ’s
     operation;

  5. Outline the possible transition of the operation of the facility to the City
     at time of lease expiration; and

  6. Endeavor to complete negotiations within 12 months.

Council Member Berman felt JMZ was an asset for residents as well as the
regional community. The community had changed, and JMZ attempted to
follow suit. However, a new facility was needed for JMZ to continue serving
the community.

Council Member Burt indicated the LOI was a good example of a public-
private partnership opportunity that leveraged resources. Since 1996, JMZ
had gone through a rebirth, and a partnership would allow the facility to
catch up with programs. Many non-residents contributed time and money to
JMZ.

Council Member Schmid was pleased the proposal included the potential for
the Friends to provide a major capital investment as well as assume
operating costs. JMZ's school program was beneficial to Palo Alto's school
children. He inquired whether a new facility would impinge on Rinconada
Park.

Ms. Coleman reported JMZ currently impinged slightly on Rinconada Park.
JMZ was part of the Rinconada Park Master Plan. The Friends hoped to have
a slightly larger footprint in order to accommodate current programs.

Council Member Schmid assumed any issues would be presented to the
Council.

Ms. Coleman worked closely with Staff to ensure Friends' plans did not
conflict with Rinconada Park and its Master Plan.

Ms. Halpern advised that Staff would present to the Council in a few weeks
the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for Rinconada Park and the
expansion of JMZ.

Council Member Price expressed concern that the negotiation guiding
principles were a combination of action items and goals. Other guiding
principles developed by the Council were very different from the negotiation
guiding principles.




11/10/2014                                                                116- 96
