                      FINAL MINUTES
9.    Resolution 9415 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Calling a Special Election to Modernize the Telecommunications
      Provision of the Utility Users Tax Ordinance.”

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the item was returning to the Council
regarding outreach to large users. Staff sought Council direction regarding
deletion of the large user discount for gas, electric, and water utilities. The
Council requested additional information regarding costing.

Jeff Hoel commented that the modernization language broadly covered the
transmission, conveyance, or routing of voice, data, audio, video, or any
other information or signals. He inquired whether that included internet
service and movies. He hoped the language would be described with
sufficient clarity that voters would understand the measure.

Robert Moss suggested the language be very clear in describing what would
be taxed. Otherwise, voters would not support the ballot measure. He was
pleased with the proposal to eliminate the large user discount. Everyone
should pay the same rates.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
adopt the Resolution calling a special election to modernize the
telecommunications provision of the Utility Users Tax Ordinance and
eliminate the Discount Tax Rate for a small number of commercial customers
who use large volumes of water, gas and electric utilities.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed the Utility Users Tax (UUT) had been a useful tool
for any number of good projects in the City. The change was relatively
benign compared to some other taxes. Because large volume users had
agreed to deletion of the discount, the measure was ready to be placed on
the ballot.

Council Member Scharff felt modernizing the UUT language and deleting the
large user discount were good ideas.

AMENDMENT:    Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to provide a modest reduction from 5 percent to 4.75
percent.

Alternative 2 (rate reduction; eliminate large user discount)

Shall the City of Palo Alto adopt an ordinance to reduce the tax rate for the
telecommunications portion of the Utility Users Tax (which helps fund basic
City services and projects) from 5 percent to 4.75 percent; modernize its
provisions to ensure equal treatment of taxpayers regardless of
                                                                             Page 25 of 29
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
