Council Member Schmid stated the Council needed a sophisticated tool of
economic analysis to make decisions regarding costs and benefits of PC
Zoning. The Council needed a framework of economic analysis and needed
it desperately. He hoped Staff would provide a framework that allowed the
Council to assess quality economic data and determine costs and benefits.
He opposed the Amendment.

Mayor Shepherd opposed the Amendment, because the one PC project
approved in 2013 was used to exemplify the disadvantages of PC Zoning.
The Council needed to better inform the community regarding PC Zoning,
and this was the appropriate time for that.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Burt, Klein, Price, Scharff yes

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to direct Staff to return to Council with an agendized item to
consider suspension of any up-zoning that would result in FAR increases
during the timeframe the PC suspension would be in existence.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the topic of the Amendment was
properly agendized.

Ms. Stump noted existing land use rights applied to given parcels. Staff
framed the item such that the Council would determine how to exercise its
discretionary authority to make a legislative action with respect to a
discretionary zone change in the future. The Amendment moved into
another area that was not fully explored or noticed. The Amendment's
direction to Staff should return to the Council after more specific public
notification and potentially quite a few more procedural steps. Staff would
need to explore the meaning of the Amendment and its impact on various
pieces of the Zoning Code.

Council Member Burt clarified that the Amendment did not impact existing
zoning. It would only impact changes to existing zoning.

Ms. Stump was not sure that was the case. She requested the Planning
Director comment regarding the different ways that current features of the
Zoning Code could result in increased density of zoning.

Council Member Burt meant a change in actual zoning that would up-zone.

Mr. Keene inquired whether density would be determined by Floor Area Ratio
(FAR).

Council Member Burt replied yes.

                                                                     Page 19 of 30
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 02/03/14
