                              MINUTES
Mr. Lauing added 7 to 10.

Ms. Hetterly advised that ad hoc committees provided details and issues for
PARC discussion.

Council Member Scharff asked how many Commissioners served on an ad
hoc committee.

Ms. Hetterly replied typically two, sometimes three.

Council Member Scharff noted ad hoc committees attended a series of
meetings with Staff, and inquired about the amount of time an ad hoc
committee would spend on a topic.

Ms. Hetterly indicated the amount of time depended on the topic.

Council Member Scharff asked if the ad hoc committee reported to the full
PARC.

Ms. Hetterly responded yes.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether PARC then discussed the topic and
voted.

Ms. Hetterly explained that typically an ad hoc committee would prepare a
work plan and present it to the full PARC before beginning work.

Council Member Price felt interaction between PARC ad hoc committees and
Staff allowed more and better outcomes for the City.

Council Member Burt encouraged PARC to consider public participation in ad
hoc committee meetings. The Council could approve a CIP funding amount
without a list of programs to be funded. Perhaps the Council could require
Staff return at mid-year for approval of specific projects as determined after
Budget approval. If projects were not determined until mid-year, the
likelihood of spending those funds in the fiscal year were slim. The FY 2016
allocation should be realistic and contain only the amount Staff intended to
expend in FY 2016. Regarding Sterling Canal, he requested Staff via the
City Manager provide an additional evaluation of the Utilities Department's
need for the area. With respect to Council Member Schmid's comments
regarding canopy, North Palo Alto was an older community and had an older,
mature canopy.      Opening the 7.7 acres over a weekend with ranger
supervision would be good. Opening it to the general public before a Master
Plan was developed and construction occurred was premature. The flat
portion of the 7.7 acres appeared to be closer to half the entire site than to
2 acres. Steelhead trout would not migrate upstream in Buckeye Creek.

11/10/2014                                                              116- 77
