                              MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:39 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
             Shepherd

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Study Session on Sustainability Initiatives and the Sustainability and
      Climate Action Plan (S/CAP).

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer, viewed sustainability as a way to build
quality of life and prosperity and to enhance resiliency. Sustainability
initiatives were opportunities for the City to build on its tradition of
leadership in innovation. Palo Alto could not solve the many issues of
sustainability, but could generate unique responses and pioneer beyond the
expected. Staff had surveyed and collected 154 sustainability initiatives
currently under way with more in the pipeline. He wanted to explore the
Council's appetite for change, leadership, and criteria to make changes. The
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) was the centerpiece for many
sustainability efforts as it was a means to integrate sustainability initiatives
into the Comprehensive Plan Update. Goals of the S/CAP were to explain
clearly challenges; to tie sustainability initiatives with the Comprehensive
Plan and other City initiatives; to propose cohesive strategies,
implementation plans, and metrics for evaluation; and to support a
grounded community conversation to choose methods to move forward.
With respect to best practices, cities around the world were setting fairly
aggressive goals. The City's carbon footprint was decreasing, most notably
through carbon-neutral electricity. Whether the City chose the State's target
of 80 percent reduction of greenhouse gases by 2050 or the California
Moonshot target of carbon neutral in ten years or less or the Sustainable
Silicon Valley Net Positive target of achieving better than neutral, each
would require transformation of transportation and elimination of the use or
the impact of natural gas. To assess feasibility, Staff built some scenario
planning tools to view the comparative impacts of different measures. The
primary question was whether the City should become a carbon-neutral city.
Another question was the role of Palo Alto utilities in a distributed generation
and distributed storage energy future.

Mayor Shepherd requested Mr. Friend explain how his work would integrate
with the Comprehensive Plan Update.

12/08/2014                                                               116- 193
