Council Member Scharff remarked that an attempt to complete negotiations
demonstrated the City's willingness to be cooperative. He would not favor a
holdover lease. May would be a good check-in point.

Council Member Berman concurred with Council Member Scharff regarding
an attempt to complete negotiations.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 Klein, Schmid no

Council Member Holman expressed concern regarding elimination of the buy-
back option for Ventura and hoped the Mayor would separate that point for
voting purposes. Reconfiguration of the City's 8 acres of the Cubberley site
was essential.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Council Member Holman would vote
against the Motion if it contained all the points.

Council Member Holman would not support Item Number 6 of the Motion;
Eliminate the buy-back/repurchase option clause that allows PAUSD to
repurchase Ventura, but would support all other Item Numbers.

Mayor Shepherd segregated Item Number 6 of the Motion; Eliminate the
buy-back/repurchase option clause that allows PAUSD to repurchase
Ventura, for voting purposes. She inquired whether PAUSD had indicated it
would consider reopening Cubberley as reported in the newspaper.

Mr. Keene indicated that Superintendent Skelly had not stated that to him.

Mayor Shepherd did not believe it was necessary to conclude negotiations
prior to Superintendent Skelly's departure; however, negotiations would be
tidier if negotiations were completed prior to his departure. A 20-year lease
would provide the City with the certainty it needed to make improvements at
the Cubberley site. If PAUSD needed to reopen a school site, they would not
hesitate to identify either Cubberley or Ventura. Configuring the City's
boundaries to be the same as PAUSD's boundaries would be ideal.

MOTION AS AMENDED, EXCLUDING VENTURA CLAUSE PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to accept Staff recommendation to authorize the City Manager to
negotiate with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) Superintendent
to execute a new lease agreement based on the following terms and
conditions. These terms are intended to provide a balance of flexibility and
certainty to both City and PAUSD for the Cubberley site, in the near term
and the long term, while enabling most effective investment of public funds.
Suggested terms for consideration:

02/24/2014                                                            114- 347
