                            MINUTES
operated with a small paid staff, but thrived through the efforts of
volunteers. The book was intended to engage and inspire people in Palo Alto
and beyond. She hoped the City would utilize it to tell about the City.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Gamble Gardens still held the roots and
shoots program.

Ms. Woodman answered yes. The book also contained a chapter about the
program.

Council Member Schmid asked where copies of the book could be obtained.

Ms. Woodman advised that the book was available at Gamble Garden or
online at gamblegarden.org.

Council Member Holman indicated Gamble Garden was a Palo Alto treasure
and a fantastic resource.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to continue Agenda Item Number 18 - Policy Discussion on Whether
to Conduct a Closed Session Prior to an Open Session to Discuss the 2014-
2015 Management & Professional Compensation Plan; Possible Referral to
Policy & Services Regarding Closed/Open Session Practice for Compensation
Matters, to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced the deadline to file an appeal of the
Hearing Officer's decision in the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park closure
application was Tuesday, October 14, 2014. While the City had been invited
to participate in the Airport Roundtable as a nonvoting member, it would
continue to pursue other opportunities to express concerns regarding
airplane noise.

Mayor Shepherd explained that membership in the Airport Roundtable was
limited to cities in San Mateo and San Francisco Counties. The role of the
Roundtable was to articulate changes and mitigations occurring at San
Francisco International Airport that affected airplane noise. The Roundtable
could not influence changes. The City Manager would place the issue on the
Agenda for the Policy and Services Committee to discuss next steps.


                                                                      Page 13 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/06/14
