                      FINAL MINUTES
inquired whether Staff was proposing an additional garage to those promised
in the Infrastructure Funding Plan.

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director, confirmed that two
garages were included in the Infrastructure Funding Plan, and Staff intended
to use one or more of the sources listed in the Infrastructure Funding Plan.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff was requesting the Council choose a
parking lot or to proceed with the public option.

Ms. Gitelman was requesting Council direction to prepare more detailed
information regarding RFPs for public and private options.

Council Member Scharff noted the public option pertained to a public garage
on Lot D or Lot E. Staff reported Lot A was too small for a parking garage;
however, it would be sufficient for Mr. Kleiman's proposal.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the recommended Motion for the public option
should state Lot D, Lot G, or Lot E.

Mr. Rodriguez recommended either Lot E or Lot D for the public lot. Staff
could consider Lot A if the Council was interested. Lot A was not part of the
original Parking Feasibility Study.

Council Member Scharff recalled reading in a Staff Report that Lot A was too
small for a parking garage. He was unsure whether the Council would be
interested in Lot A for the public option.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Lot A was not included in the original
constructability analysis, because it was smaller than the other lots studied.
The constructability analysis was contained in Attachment D. The top three
lots in the constructability analysis were Lot D, Lot EG, and Lot G.

Council Member Scharff would not support the private option with paid
parking. The Council should have a broad conversation with the community
regarding paid parking. He liked a retail component for a parking garage.
Mr. Kleiman's proposal was fascinating and tempting. He was concerned
about the details of Mr. Kleiman's proposal but could consider it. The
proposal added a great deal of parking on a small lot and contained a retail
component. He inquired whether a lease for the site could restrict residents
of the development from owning a car and whether violation of the provision
could be a cause for eviction. With that lease provision, the 18-unit
development would not impact parking or traffic and would provide
moderate housing.


                                                                          Page 24 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
