                              MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss requested Senator Hill comment on the economic
turnaround of the State from 2010 to 2014.

Senator Hill reported the Assembly in 2008 cut $28 billion from the budget
approved in June 2008. The State now had a $4 billion surplus. The
Governor recognized the cyclical nature of the economy and supported
instituting a Rainy Day Fund which would include some funds from capital
gains. The Governor's budgets had been restrained in spending levels. New
legislative term limits and an open primary would make a difference in
future governance of the State.

Council Member Schmid thanked Senator Hill for his work on SB 498
regarding conversion technologies. That legislation would have a positive,
long-term effect on sustainability. SB 375 shifted the housing mandate
model from population growth to job growth. As a result of that and
Proposition 13, the share of property taxes paid by commercial enterprises
declined 1 percent annually. SB 375 incentivized and spent money on the
richest areas with the least affordable homes. He requested Senator Hill
follow those issues of concern.

Senator Hill advised that a coalition of commercial property owners
supported legislation to review corporate transfers of property and to include
modifications in the Proposition 13 reassessment. However, that legislation
failed. A ballot measure to substantially alter Proposition 13 was not likely.
It was important to educate the public about the costs of Proposition 13.

Council Member Schmid asked if the Legislature had the ability to change
the definition of exchange of property without having a ballot measure.

Senator Hill indicated the Legislature could clarify the definition, but he was
unsure whether the Legislature could change the actual definition. He would
check on that possibility.

Council Member Burt recalled Assembly Member Gordon expressing an
interest in convening a subregional dialog regarding commercial and
residential growth. A mid to south Peninsula discussion could be valuable in
reviewing issues.

Senator Hill felt it was vitally important for cities to consider the effects of
the law and opportunities to change the law. He would be happy to work
with Assembly Member Gordon.

Council Member Burt believed Caltrain was becoming a crucial backbone for
the entire Peninsula. He understood San Mateo County would select the
next CEO for Caltrain. This was a great opportunity to review both the
                                                                           Page 3 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 10/06/14
