                      FINAL MINUTES
Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain and Peninsula Transportation Alternatives,
supported the Grand Boulevard Initiative. Given the numerous design and
economic concerns, proposed changes should be a part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update.       Perhaps the City should study whether
pedestrians would harm or aid businesses.

Shani Kleinhaus felt the proximity of buildings to the road encroached on the
sense of space. People did not drive around looking for stores; they
searched online and then drove to the location.

Public Hearing closed at 8:46 P.M.

Ms. Gitelman referred the Council to page 4 of the Staff Report which stated
the Ordinance did not require dedication of land for sidewalk purposes. The
purpose of the Ordinance was to legislate building setbacks which was
entirely within the City's purview. The bullet at the bottom of Packet Page
537, “Minimum of 33 percent of side street built to setback” should be
deleted.

James Keene, City Manager, suggested the Council take up additional polling
and the ballot language in Item Number 21 and reschedule the infrastructure
funding plan for the following week. The Council could schedule a Special
Meeting for remaining Agenda Items. Item Number 20 could be postponed.

Mayor Shepherd wanted to take up Item Numbers 19 and 20 at least.
Discussion of Item Number 18 would proceed with a limit on Council Member
comments of seven minutes.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the Mayor wished to discuss a Special
Meeting for either June 4 or 18, 2014 at the current time or at the end of the
meeting.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the Council could notice a Special Meeting for
June 4 to continue the current agenda. A quorum of Council Members would
not be available for a meeting on June 11, 2014. Council Members could
discuss scheduling a Special Meeting at the end of the meeting.

Council Member Scharff heard the City Manager indicate that the Council
should postpone discussion of the infrastructure funding plan. Perhaps the
Council could agree to that.

Mayor Shepherd understood the City Manager wanted the Council to provide
direction regarding polling.

                                                                           Page 12 of 26
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
