                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein noted draft Comprehensive Plan amendments were
written as declarative sentences. Staff would not get answers to declarative
sentences. Perhaps a change in language would garner citizens' opinions.
Density was the major issue and always had been. Staff should make the
distinction that the City was planning for the future. Historical data could be
used to analyze goals for the future. The ordinary citizen would not respond
to abstract planning issues. The document did not address energy use of
the existing built environment, which should be a policy or question. With
respect to “manage redevelopment of vacant and underused properties,” he
asked if there was a definition of underused property. The document
needed a glossary of acronyms and terms. Policy L2.3 discussed reinforcing
the existing character and scale of streets and new public plazas. He asked
if there were new public plazas. Program L2.5.3 and Policy L2.21 appeared
to be holdovers from the 1998 version. Staff should review programs and
policies for relevancy. He did not believe L2.23.2, constructing new trails in
neighborhood parks, should be included.         He hoped the Council could
provide the document to the public as early as possible.

Council Member Holman stated the preservation of commercial land uses
addressed the East Meadow Circle area where commercial uses converted to
residential standalones. She did not believe that was a topic of conversation
any longer. Baseline data was critical. Baseline data compared to historical
data could track the consequences of zoning and policy changes. The list of
goals were P&TC goals and should be placed near existing goals. Within the
land use section, especially in vision and goal statements, the heart and soul
of existing goals had been removed. Goals seemed to focus on innovation,
and did not include character-defining details.       New goals seemed to
overemphasize redevelopment. The document should address diversity of
residences and businesses; policy statements to guide design; compatibility
standards; balance of private property rights with public expectations of
development projects; historic preservation, particularly L2.6.2; buffer zones
and transitions; and retention of existing housing units.

Council Member Burt believed the public would comment on high-level
issues as well as details of the Comprehensive Plan. A discussion of the built
environment should strongly emphasize design quality and compatibility.
Environmental sustainability did not emphasize sustainable landscaping and
agricultural landscaping. He requested a community discussion on that
issue. In a number of places, aspects of environmental sustainability were
substituted with climate change protection as if the two were synonymous.
The document seemed to indicate that neighborhood centers and
neighborhood services encompassed all centers and services. The existing
Comprehensive Plan defined them separately.


05/05/2014                                                             114- 563
