                             MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:05 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss arrived at 5:13 P.M., Price
             arrived at 5:11 P.M., Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.    Review of Planning and Transportation Commission Recommended
      Revisions of all Elements of the Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Council requested a 2-4 hour Study Session in
order to review the work prepared by the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC). The Council wanted to hear and learn from the
community.    Community outreach would begin with Our Palo Alto
workshops.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
the City's Comprehensive Plan had been amended slightly since its
implementation in 1998.         The Comprehensive Plan was the City's
constitution with respect to local policies for land use and development. It
was organized into chapters or elements, some of which were required by
State law and some created by Palo Alto. Overall the Plan reflected the
City's vision for the future. Although it had a horizon year of 2010 and
needed updating, the Development Cap established in 1998 remained intact.
The P&TC's and Staff's work updating the Comprehensive Plan began in
2006 and culminated with the document provided to the Council. Updates to
the Housing and Governance Elements were not made.              The Housing
Element had its own update process. The P&TC determined the Governance
Element was a good summary of the process and deferred it to later in the
update process. The Council considered and endorsed the Our Palo Alto
framework for ideas, action, and design in January 2014.                 The
Comprehensive Plan was the design portion of the Our Palo Alto framework.
In mid-March 2014, the Council considered and endorsed a revised strategy
and schedule for the Comprehensive Plan update. At that time, the Council
requested a Study Session and a discussion of the Community Engagement
Plan. The Comprehensive Plan document would evolve as the update
process continued. Utilizing the community engagement process, Staff
would draft a Comprehensive Plan and Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
for release to the public and Council at the end of 2014.


05/05/2014                                                          114- 555
