                       FINAL MINUTES
The aspect of mobility had not been defined precisely. In terms of providing
a comprehensive impact assessment, the City would need a mobility policy
that placed all projects under one common denominator of mobility.

Commissioner Rosenblum understood the Council wanted the P&TC to
provide guidance and data. The main point of guidance was the amount and
location of growth. The Council would value the P&TC's input regarding the
direction of the City for the future. If the P&TC was to be stewards of data,
then they would need to submit a budget with Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Proclamation of the City Council Proclaiming October 23, 2014 as Unity
      Day.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Proclamation celebrated three initiatives:
National Bully Prevention Month, Unity Day, and the Mayor's campaign to
end bullying in schools. The Youth Council would adopt the Unity Program,
consider a new name, and launch the City's involvement in events to support
the campaign to end bullying.

Christina Schmidt, Palo Alto Unified School District, advised that the Palo
Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) was embracing Unity Day.                 The
message for the campaign was "when we stand together, no one stands
alone." Activities fostered the opportunity for each school to build on its
existing programs of respect, civility, and taking responsibility for a safe and
welcoming school environment. The Council's involvement indicated it was
addressing bullying.     Unity Month observed bullying prevention and
awareness. Bullying had devastating effects such as school avoidance,
absenteeism, loss of self-esteem, and increased anxiety and/or depression.
The perpetrator of bullying needed to be supported and understood and to
receive services. She invited the Council to participate in Unity activities.

Council Member Price felt the community should work to embed values
against bullying. Anti-bullying was one element of schools' safety plans.
Bullying had serious mental health implications for the perpetrator and the
victim.   The community in general should model behaviors of caring,
kindness, and compassion. She read the Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Shepherd shared a Unity Day activity from one school. She requested
colleagues adopt a school for Unity Day.




                                                                             Page 5 of 35
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 10/20/14
