                             MINUTES

Robert Smith believed the tenant's lack of grocery experience was not
conducive to a successful grocery store. The Council should question the
Applicant regarding efforts to obtain a tenant with grocery experience. He
did not believe that a grocery store would be sustainable in that location for
any amount of time.

Fred Balin stated the Council should not approve J&A Family Market as the
grocery tenant. The lack of an independent and experienced proprietor was
cause for concern. The Council could not make a proper judgment as to
comparability without the full background of key managers.

Robert Phillips advised that the public benefit had declined to a market
specializing in "grab and go" products and would be managed by the
Applicant's son with no previous grocery experience. The Council should
insist on a real grocer, a transparent process, and adherence to the letter
and spirit of the Zoning Ordinance.

Lydia Kou indicated the community deserved a market comparable to JJ&F
Market. The Council should include remedies in the Zoning Ordinance to
close loopholes. The item should be continued.

Herb Borock believed the Applicant was given the benefits of a Public
Hearing while the community was not. The Council was not given complete
documents.

Margaret Heath recalled the Applicant's statements that space for a grocery
store would be a financial loss for his business plan. If the Developer
wanted to change the Condition of Approval, then that action should
invalidate the PC designation.

Mark Weiss preferred a motivated and talented entrepreneur become the
tenant.

Seelam Reddy indicated other grocery store operators were better suited to
occupy the space.

Doria Summa reiterated that the tenant was the son and business partner of
the Applicant and the son had no grocery experience. The Council had no
assurances that the tenant was a legitimate grocery store with a good
chance of success. The Council should insist the Applicant find a proven and
known grocer for the location.


                                                                        Page 20 of 36
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/11/14
