                      FINAL MINUTES
eliminate retiree medical benefits for Council Members. A meeting of the
Council was not necessary for Council Members to be sworn into office.
Salary combined with benefits most likely exceeded the amount allowed by
State law.

Lois Salo opposed term limits and supported nine Council seats.             Council
compensation should be increased.

Timothy Gray felt Council Member districts would increase citizen
involvement and lead to a more representative government. He requested
each Charter amendment be a separate ballot measure. Any changes should
not affect current Council Members.

Stephanie Munoz did not favor fewer Council seats.    Council Member
compensation should not be increased. Impediments to running for office
should be removed.

Phyllis Cassel, League of Women Voters, supported at-large elections of
Council Members, the current number of seats, selection of Mayor by the
Council, and a strong City Manager government structure with no change in
the basic relationship between the Mayor and the City Manager.

Vice Mayor Kniss hoped the issues would be separate. Term limits were not
necessary as few Council Members served more than one term. Changing
the beginning/ending of terms was unnecessary.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
refer this back to Policy and Services Committee to consider and recommend
any or all of the items listed in the staff report.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the Council needed to review the matter
by June 20, 2014.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the matter could return to the Council on June 16,
2014. The last day for the Council to vote on placing Charter amendments
on the ballot was August 8, 2014.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested       Staff   comment    on   separating        Charter
amendments on the ballot.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that it was permissible to include any or
all items in one ballot measure, to separate them into packages, or to list
them separately. The Council may want to consider costs associated with
placing measures on the ballot.
                                                                           Page 17 of 26
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 5/12/13
