                              MINUTES
escalated from 26.1 percent in FY 2015 to 33.4 percent by the end of the
forecast period. Currently, 20 percent of all active employees were in Tier 2
or Tier 3 of the pension plan. An alternative model assumed annual debt
service of approximately $2.5 million for funding a Public Safety Building.
The debt service amount would immediately reduce the net operating
margin in FY 2016 to $0.6 million. Staff projected the City would end FY
2014 with a surplus in excess of $4 million, primarily due to higher than
anticipated revenues. Staff would recommend transferring the $4 million
surplus to the Infrastructure Reserve.

Council Member Berman reported the Finance Committee held a robust
conversation regarding the LRFF. The Finance Committee questioned the
lack of an identifiable impact from a recession in the LRFF. Staff explained
they used the CAGR for the last 10 and 20 years in projections; therefore,
impacts from a possible recession were included.            At the Finance
Committee's request, Staff added to the Staff Report details regarding
assumptions not included in the LRFF.

Council Member Schmid believed the LRFF was a starting point for updating
the Comprehensive Plan. Property tax was larger than any other tax source,
grew faster than any other tax source, and was related to the documentary
transfer tax. In FY 2013, 73 percent of property taxes was paid on
residential property. Commercial growth was notably high; yet, over the
prior four years the portion of property tax paid on residential property
increased from 69 percent to 72 percent.       He inquired whether Staff
expected that trend to continue.

Joe Saccio, Assistant Director of Administrative Services, indicated it would
be fair to assume that residential property paid a greater share of the
burden. Under Proposition 13, quite a few commercial properties were
owned by the same owners for decades. Staff saw a significantly higher
turnover in residential property than in commercial property.

Council Member Schmid noted the portion of residents living in rental units
continued to increase. The number of family trusts also increased. He
assumed ownership in both those circumstances did not change when people
moved into and out of those residences.

Mr. Saccio remarked that Staff did find a significant number of trusts when
reviewing documentary transfer tax turnovers.

Council Member Schmid asked if the property was reassessed.

Mr. Saccio answered no.



                                  15                              April 7, 2014
