             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
property.     The property was one of the fastest connections for fire
responders to reach Foothills Park. The City obtained the property as part of
a deed from the Lee Family in 1981. In 1983, the Lee Family reserved an
estate on the property and sold the right of access to American Title. In
1985, the Council granted permanent easements for emergency egress,
utilities, and landscape. In 1985-1996, the property was held by American
Title. In 1996, a year-to-year lease was issued for Mr. Arrillaga's continued
use of the property. In 2005, the lease with Mr. Arrillaga was terminated.
Since 2005, Acterra had leased part of the property for a native plant
nursery. The lease with Acterra was renewed by mutual consent in 2010
and would expire in 2015.

J. Craig Holland believed the Council should approve the item, because it
met the wishes of the donor.

Herb Borock noted easements from 1985 granted control of the property to
a private party. The City received some rights through those easements in
exchange for granting easements to the private party. He questioned
whether the City needed the easements for emergency fire access as the
City now owned the property.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to: 1) adopt the Ordinance reserving 7.7 acres of land deeded to the
City of Palo Alto by the Russell V. Lee Trust in 1981, for park, recreation or
conservation purposes, and incorporating existing granted easements; and
2) authorize the Mayor to finalize and sign the attached letter of sincere
thanks to the Lee Family for the gift of the parcel to the City.

Council Member Holman wished to celebrate the dedication of the property
as parkland. She inquired whether PARC would collaborate with adjacent
property owners regarding design of the fences that needed to be moved.

Mr. Betts indicated fences were off the property line by 8-12 feet in four
areas. The chain-link fences were covered with low-visibility, black plastic.
He assume they would be replaced in-kind.

Council Member Holman asked if the City had the ability to require a design
more appropriate to parkland.

Mr. Betts would research the issue and report to the Council. Typically, the
City did not install fences around parks and open space. Neighbors usually
installed fences for privacy. The fences were installed by neighbors at their
own expense, and replacement of the fences would be at the neighbors'
expense as well. If the City could provide direction on more appropriate
fencing, it would do so.
                                                                          Page 7 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
