to the Flood Control Project. It seemed clear that the State Water Board
was looking for ways to extract additional land.

Council Member Berman suggested Staff request Council assistance with
respect to permitting obstacles. He did not like the proposed entry sign
suggested by Staff.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to change the approval of the main entry sign to the
Baylands Golflinks Palo Alto sign shown on Packet Page 393.

Council Member Holman much preferred the logo contained on Packet Page
393 even though the bee logo was contrived.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-1 Scharff no

Council Member Holman requested Staff indicate which Golf Course design
the Council was approving.

Mr. Teresi reported the Council was approving the Site and Design Review
Application contained in Attachment D.

Council Member Holman understood Attachment D presented a few different
designs.

Mr. Teresi explained that Attachment D contained details relating to Plan G
approved by the Council. Attachment D was submitted to the P&TC, ARB,
and PARC.

Council Member Holman noted mitigations for nesting or burrowing animals
appeared to be identification of nesting locations and creating buffers around
those locations. She asked if environmental stakeholders accepted the
mitigations.

Matthew Jones, ICF International, indicated the mitigations were well
documented and approved by wildlife agencies. Actions could be taken prior
to nesting season to prevent nesting during construction.

Council Member Holman requested Staff confirm that one of the records
clearly stated which plan the Council was approving.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the City Council is approving “Plan G” in
Attachment D of the report, which includes a full renovation of the Golf
Course as well as setting aside 10.5 acres to be carved from the Golf Course
footprint for future recreation uses.
                                                                        Page 29 of 30
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/03/14
