                             MINUTES
He did not believe formula retail protections would preserve neighborhood-
serving retail. In order to protect neighborhood-serving retail, areas that
were marginal for retail should retain retail requirements. Zoning for more
retail and creating more retail would likely preserve neighborhood retailers.
That should be included in a discussion of formula retail. The important
points were good data, the goal, and ways to achieve the goal. The Wells
Fargo Bank Building in Downtown should change to retail. The Council
should consider Forest Avenue retail for protections. Retail should extend
from University Avenue to Forest Avenue.                 Through 2030, the
Comprehensive Plan should not only protect retail but also expand retail
throughout Downtown.        He did not want to eliminate Conditional Use
Permits, because they provided a useful mechanism in certain
circumstances. However, Conditional Use Permits should be approved by
the Council rather than the Planning Director. The Council should carefully
consider a definition of retail and the issue it was attempting to solve. The
Council needed to be careful not to make scoping of the four scenarios a
vision for the community.

Council Member Schmid indicated the fundamental question was whether to
tweak the Comprehensive Plan or take a fresh look at it. The Council should
begin with growth, because housing, housing affordability, traffic, parking,
retail, and density locations all flowed from the rate of growth. Bounding
scenarios of growth would give the Council and public an opportunity to
participate in the process.      He understood the original intent of the
Leadership Group was to help the Council engage different community
groups. Now it appeared that the Leadership Group had taken an advisory
role; however, it was not appointed to provide advice and consent.

Ms. Gitelman reported the Leadership Group was formed to assist Staff with
community engagement related to the Comprehensive Plan Update. The
Leadership Group had done that. In that context, the Leadership Group was
helpful to Staff in understanding how various paths would or would not
attract engagement and participation.

Council Member Schmid wished to clearly distinguish that stakeholder
groups focused on particular community stakeholders and did not represent
the public.

Ms. Gitelman did not understand the distinction. Staff solicited applications
from the community and appointed members skilled in reaching a broad
audience.




11/03/2014                                                            116- 49
