Mr. Rodriguez indicated there was a waiting list of approximately 50 people.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern that Staff focused on selling too
many permits. However, he was more concerned that there were unused
spaces in the parking garage. The Council should not be prescriptive.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff surveyed City employees to
determine the number who would use a Go Pass. It appeared as if the City
would pay $58,000 if half the employees used Go Passes.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff was limited in the amount of outreach they
could perform, because it was a meet-and-confer issue between bargaining
units and the City.        Staff relied on available data to develop
recommendations.

Council Member Holman inquired whether Staff considered charging for
parking permits to further incentivize employees to use Go Passes.

Mr. Rodriguez stated that again would be a meet-and-confer item between
the City and bargaining units.

Council Member Holman asked if $58,000 was the cost no matter the
number of employees who utilized Go Passes.

Mr. Rodriguez explained the cost was fixed because it was based on the
number of employees at the Civic Center site. The cost of $58,000 covered
the nine-month trial period.

Mr. Keene remarked that if the cost to construct one parking space was
$50,000 and if one parking space was made available, then Staff would have
bought one year of a parking garage for one person. Over 20-30 years, the
program would more than pay for itself.

Council Member Holman considered savings in one program as funds made
available for another program.

Council Member Berman suggested a trial period of a Go Pass program could
encourage employees to take a full-year Go Pass and return their parking
permits. During a trial period, the City could provide a Go Pass and $200 to
employees who remitted their parking permits. Starting in 2015, the City
could offer Go Passes in exchange for employees' parking permits.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to direct
Staff to solicit proposals for an expanded Palo Alto Shuttle Program.

02/24/2014                                                             114- 337
