             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss questioned the lack of public participation, given the need
for additional parking. She could not think of any reason the Council would
not proceed quickly given the demand for parking. She asked why the City
had not installed sensors sooner.

Ms. Sullivan reported that cost was a concern. If PGS was installed as soon
as possible and Revenue and Access Controls installed six months later, then
some PGS would be redundant in the later Revenue and Access Controls.

Vice Mayor Kniss requested an estimate of the cost for loop technology.

Ms. Sullivan advised the cost would be slightly less than $500,000 for PGS
and $1.5 million for Revenue and Access Control equipment.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the investment was needed. She inquired whether a
gate system or loop technology would provide the number of spaces
available.

Ms. Sullivan explained that loop technology would provide information
needed for PGS. It did not allow drivers to pay for parking.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if signs would state the number of spaces available
and where those spaces were located.

Ms. Sullivan indicated it would be possible to see the location of available
spaces. Loop technology for multiple floors was useful in multi-directional
garages.

Vice Mayor Kniss believed PGS would not be difficult to implement. The off-
street paid parking options were more complicated. She would support the
first recommendation.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether off-street, paid parking options
meant different pricing for permits.

Ms. Sullivan explained that it meant the infrastructure to allow people to pay
for parking past the two-hour limit for free parking.

Council Member Scharff asked if an option would be meters or machines at
surface parking lots.

James Keene, City Manager, added that garages would be included.

Council Member Scharff wished to emphasize ease of use for the public. He
did not like to use pay-by-phone or meters. He felt payment infrastructure

                                                                         Page 12 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
