                     FINAL MINUTES
sequentially rather than concurrently. The Council would probably wish to
consider four or more approaches for financing.

Council Member Schmid believed the parking deficit was larger than one
parking garage. One strategy was to begin identifying means to pay for
more garages in Downtown.

Council Member Burt would support the Amendment if it did not reference
specifically a Mello-Roos District, because he did not want to prescribe a
Mello-Roos assessment. He questioned the impact on ground-floor retail
throughout Downtown if a Mello-Roos District applied only to nonresidential
property.

Council Member Schmid felt the question was how many retail spaces were
owned by the retailers.

Council Member Burt advised that the impact would be placed on tenants. If
Council Member Schmid would delete the reference to a Mello-Roos District,
he would support the Amendment.

Council Member Schmid asked if Council Member Burt could suggest
alternative wording.

Council Member Burt suggested deleting Mello-Roos District, so that the
language reverted to the original Amendment.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff would return with evaluation criteria for moving
the decision forward. The Council would need some idea of the fundability of
a parking garage. Perhaps the direction to Staff could be to return with a
range of financing options and proposals as part of the criteria.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether a range of financing options was assumed
in the Motion.

Mr. Keene assumed Staff would review those components. It would be a
mistake to narrow financing to one mechanism at the current time.

Council Member Schmid proposed language            of   "alternative      finance
mechanisms for additional parking structures."

Council Member Burt accepted that language as it complied with the City
Manager's request.

Mayor Shepherd accepted language of "alternative financing mechanisms."


                                                                         Page 30 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/20/14
