                              MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd was okay with replacing the square footage for a retro-fit of
the elevator, the stairwell, and the emergency components because that was
allowed for a similar building across the street. The City received the benefit
of street trees and sidewalk repairs; some retro-fit was needed to bring the
building up to emergency standards. She was interested in having the
building fitted, seismically and correctly, while remaining a historic building.

Council Member Klein remarked that the City Attorney answered his
questions as to a continual or a denial.

Council Member Burt questioned whether basements were included in the
commercial area when the calculation of the baseline for downtown was
made.

Ms. Gitelman thought that some basements were included for assessed
square footage for the Parking District, but she was not sure.

Council Member Burt agreed and said this project prompted discussion on
the conversion of basements related to retail, but not defined retail space,
because basements were intended to support the ground floor retail and
were converted into offices. That shrunk functional retail areas, the new
space was not parked, and the area was converted from light to high
intensity use.   The comment about eliminating the basement and the
sidewalk was beneficial but was not permitted under the revised definition of
the building envelope. He suggested clarification in the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to incorporate the more restrictive description of
“building envelope” as part of the Motion.

Mayor Shepherd questioned whether some of the intended square footage
was inside the building.

Council Member Burt was only clarifying the definition of building envelope
and said guidance was needed on the approval of Category Two
qualification.

Ms. Gitelman said Staff thought the building was deserving of a Category
Two classification. If the Council completed the re-designation, and there
was a revised proposal to be submitted by the applicant, the proposal could
be approved by the ARB, and then approved at the director level; the
proposal would only come back to Council on appeal.

06/23/2014                                                         115- 208
