                             MINUTES

Council Member Scharff believed addressing the issue of Ballot topics
individually promoted a better understanding of the issues for the Council
and community.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Kniss, Schmid no

Vice Mayor Kniss noted throughout the history of Palo Alto City Council the
number of seated Members had shrunk to the current 9. There could always
be an argument for more or less Members. In 1991 a seated Council
Member beginning their third term recommended term limits. She did not
support combining the Ballot Measures because she believed the community
would prefer to have a choice in each decision.

Council Member Klein agreed the topics should be considered separately. He
has had constituents mention to him preferences for one direction or the
other; if there were a number of different opinions there would be voters to
take both sides.

Council Member Scharff said there was a two-step process; the Council
making a decision then the voters making theirs. If the topics were
combined that right was taken away from the voters.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Price that if Council placed Charter Amendments on the November 2014
Ballot to have each Measure voted on separately, except for the requirement
of the local lottery, and if Council wished to place that on the Ballot it may
be included as a combined Measure.

Council Member Scharff believed it was important in building public trust to
provide them the opportunity to vote on individual items as they chose.

Council Member Price felt separating the topics was less confusing to the
voters.

Council Member Holman asked for clarification of the meaning of the Motion.
There has not been a determination of anything going on the Ballot.

Council Member Scharff stated if Council decided to place any of the items
on the Ballot they would be placed separately.

Mayor Shepherd mentioned she would vote to see the lottery separated out.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

06/16/2014                                                             115- 166
