                       FINAL MINUTES
          December 2014, Staff shall return to Council with recommendations
          to commence CEQA work and negotiate a contract(s) with the top-
          rated proposer(s).
  2.   Begin to pursue the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP) by hiring a Program
       Management firm. Should there be any differences between the OFP
       and the Recommendations adopted by Council, the Recommendations
       shall govern.
  3.   Apply for a State Water Resources Control Board State Revolving Fund
       (SRF) loan for Component One of the Organics Facilities Plan (OFP).
  4.   Initiate design of Component One of the OFP, Biosolids Dewatering and
       Truck Haul-Out Facility, including direction to prepare related
       modifications to the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP)
       partner agency agreements.
  5.   Initiate the answering of predesign questions associated with
       Component Two, Development of a Thermal Hydrolysis Process Wet
       Anaerobic Digestion (THP AD) facility, at the RWQCP; Component
       Three, Food Scrap Preprocessing; and Component Four, Yard
       Trimmings Processing of the OFP, including the following:
       a. Determine the local market price in Northern California of green
          electricity that the RWQCP will receive for power generated by the
          facility;
       b. Establish the optimum size of the THP AD facility built to
          accommodate biosolids for a 30-year planning horizon as well as
          capacity for food scraps, which Palo Alto and any other jurisdiction
          would commit to bring to the facility;
       c. Establish a list of contributing partner agencies who commit to bring
          food scraps to the facility;
       d. Initiate a financing plan for Component Two of the OFP;
       e. Determine the appropriate purchasing and project delivery
          mechanisms that should be utilized to develop the OFP; and
       f. Determine the required CEQA documentation for the Components of
          the OFP.
  6.   Update the existing timeline and schedule in December 2014 for all
       Components of the OFP. Direct Staff to expedite the process to the
       maximum extent feasible.

Mr. Bobel inquired whether the market price referenced in Item 5a would be
the price of electricity produced by the facility.

Council Member Scharff answered yes.

Council Member Klein suggested Item 5a state "local price."

Council Member Scharff agreed.
                                                                             Page 11 of 26
                                                              Special City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 5/12/13
