                             MINUTES
whether Staff could complete plans for California Avenue and East Meadow,
the Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Program, Transportation Demand
Management (TDM) Programs, and the business registry in six-month and
one-year timeframes. The City initiated the Comprehensive Plan Update to
develop the two Area Concept Plans and to incorporate sustainability. In the
current schedule, the EIR process would be complete at the end of 2015.

Ms. Gitelman believed the ongoing initiatives were critically important and
was working to bring them to the Council expeditiously. Each Area Concept
Plan would require an EIR before the Council could adopt them. Once the
two plans were adopted, then Staff would need to begin analysis of the
remainder of the City. It was easier to review the overall vision for the City
including those two areas than to repeat the process for the two areas and
the remainder of the City.

Mr. Keene reported that the ideas component of Our Palo Alto was an
ongoing community engagement. The plan component was the truncated
plan to recognize and understand the foundational issues that guided
growth. In order to manage growth, more definition was needed. To adjust
zoning, analysis was needed to provide better information regarding
impacts. Staff was driving to complete all those initiatives within a year to
reduce impacts. If data was accurate, then community discussion could
resemble that of the SOFA process.

Council Member Berman asked when the Comprehensive Plan Update began.

Mr. Keene answered in approximately 2006.

Council Member Berman inquired about Council direction in 2006 regarding
the process for revising the Comprehensive Plan.

Mr. Keene indicated in 2006 the Council directed Staff to focus on East
Meadow and California Avenue.          Subsequently, the Planning and
Transportation Commission (PTC) began work. The Comprehensive Plan in
effect at that time had a horizon of 1998 to 2010. All cities wrestled with
Comprehensive Plans needing revision.

Council Member Berman did not feel the Council was advancing the
Comprehensive Plan Update.       Earlier in the year, the Council did not
promulgate goals for community engagement. Staff had done a good job of
attempting to engage the community. He understood concerns regarding
Scenario 4. He inquired whether elements of Scenario 4 could be combined
with elements of other scenarios to create more scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes.
                                                                         Page 9 of 25
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes 08/06/14
