                      FINAL MINUTES
telecommunications technology used; and eliminate a discounted tax rate
paid by a small number of commercial large users of gas, electric and water
services.

Council Member Scharff referred to Staff's point that the only modernization
measures that had failed did not include a modest rate reduction. Because
the Council chose to delete the large user discount, it could afford a modest
rate reduction in order to pass on savings to everyone.

Council Member Berman noted the City would collect an additional $550,000
annually by deleting the large user discount. This was an opportunity to
benefit residents without reducing City revenues.

Ms. Stump advised that if the Council approved the Amendment, Staff would
modify the ballot question. She took the liberty of providing the modification
to the Clerk so that the Council could review the ballot question prior to
voting on it.

Council Member Holman inquired about the effect of decreasing the rate
from 5 percent to 4.75 percent.

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director, indicated the 1/4
percent reduction would result in a reduction of revenue between $140,000
and $160,000. Elimination of the large user discount would result in an
increase of approximately $550,000.

Council Member Holman was not in favor of reducing the rate to 4.75
percent. The Council's discussion earlier in the evening highlighted the
difference $150,000 could make.

Mayor Shepherd felt the 5.0 percent rate was benign and would not support
the Amendment.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Holman, Kniss, Price, Shepherd no

Council Member Burt referenced page 213, Section D, regarding information
or signals to a point. He understood the internet of things, which was not
yet fully defined, would be a multitude of signals that would provide
information or signals to points. He did not believe the City intended to tax
that. He inquired whether Staff was familiar with the internet of things.

Ms. Stump reported taxing internet service was not lawful under Federal law.
The details of the Ordinance stated that. The Ordinance would not be
applied in an unlawful manner.


                                                                           Page 26 of 29
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 5/19/2014
