                             MINUTES
Council Member Holman suggested beginning with a menu and developing
scenarios through a community effort.        She requested Staff comment
regarding development that displaced local independent businesses.

Ms. Gitelman did not have specific information. She had heard this concern
from area merchants and patrons but had no hard data.

Council Member Holman noted the definition of retail was contained in the
City Code. She inquired whether it was possible to eliminate Conditional Use
Permits in retail areas. Conditional Use Permits often caused problems.

Ms. Gitelman would respond on November 17. Interim Ordinances had their
own set of findings and issues that Staff had to investigate.

Council Member Holman asked if non-retail uses in Downtown with ground-
floor retail protections was an issue of amortization or Code enforcement.

Ms. Gitelman was aware of few or no Code violations related to ground-floor
uses that were not retail. The issue was nonconforming uses that were in
existence before ground-floor retail controls were enacted or uses that fell
under one of the exceptions.

Mr. Keene reported Staff performed a spot check on every one of those in
the Downtown area.

Council Member Holman did not want people to be concerned regarding
regulation of chain stores and setting quotas for formula retail. The Council
did not discuss eliminating chain stores, only limiting them. She asked Staff
to clarify the definition of formula retail and chain store.

Ms. Gitelman indicated other jurisdictions had defined formula retail and set
a limit on the number of formula retail establishments allowed within a
commercial district. Staff could review precedents and best practices from
other communities and pursue those further in the next few months with
Council approval.

Mr. Keene could not imagine the City adopting a formula from another
jurisdiction. The City would develop its own formula.

Council Member Holman inquired about an interim change to prevent
conversion of basements to non-ancillary office or general office.

Ms. Gitelman could analyze whether conversions were a trend and, if so,
determine needed Code changes in the next few months.



11/03/2014                                                            116- 46
