                      FINAL MINUTES
3.   Public/Private Partnership Presentation: Palo Alto/Menlo Park Parent’s
     Club - Annual Report.

Ann Wondlowski, Palo Alto/Menlo Park Parent's Club Operations Manager,
shared the vision of a healthier and bonded community with support for
parents raising children. The Palo Alto/Menlo Park Parent's Club was a
volunteer organization that held four large events annually and hundreds of
small events. Members were parents primarily between 30 and 45 years of
age with 70 percent of members located in Palo Alto, Menlo Park, Los Altos,
and Mountain View. The Club offered a Business Discount Program that
provided visibility for small businesses and discounts for parents. The Club
would begin fundraising efforts to offer scholarships for lower income
families.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the connectivity for parents and kids was important.
The Club connected people in personal ways.

Mayor Shepherd offered the City's assistance in working with Menlo Park,
which was located in a different county from Palo Alto.

Council Member Berman believed there was good collaboration between the
two communities.

4.   This item has been removed from the Agenda.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced on October 7, 2014 the City's Urban
Forester was appointed to the California Urban Forestry Advisory Committee
by CalFire. He invited the community to join Staff on October 30, 2014 at
local pizza businesses for pizza and conversation. Staff anticipated a soft
opening for the new Mitchell Park Library in early November and for
Rinconada Library at the end of December. A grand celebration at Mitchell
Park Library and Community Center was scheduled for December 6, 2014.
He shared a video of the Come Together Event.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Anatoly Adamov indicated a quiet zone designation could be utilized to
combat train noise pollution at the Alma Street crossing. A quiet zone
designation permitted trains not to blow their horns when passing through
an intersection. The Alma Street crossing was one of the safest crossings in
Palo Alto. He would like to work with Staff to establish a quiet zone for the
Alma Street crossing.


                                                                          Page 6 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Final Minutes: 10/20/14
