                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd wanted to know who would make the decision to sell the
TDRs in order to understand the accuracy of the $1 million value.

Mr. Keene reported the History Museum was asking the Council for
significant gap funding. This was a Study Session, so the Council was not
formulating a Motion. He did not believe Council comments precluded
consideration of a renewal of the option.       The Board's strategy and
networking warranted an option to renew the lease for a year. Staff would
meet with the Board to discuss funding options and would return in June
2014 with an item regarding extension of the lease option.

Council took a break from 8:55 P.M. to 9:05 P.M.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced LINK+ service was restored at the
Downtown Library on March 6, 2014. The first Residential Permit Parking
(RPP) stakeholder meeting was held March 20, 2014, with another meeting
scheduled for April 17. City Staff would host a public meeting on April 1,
2014, regarding a proposed Ordinance changing setbacks for new
development along El Camino Real. George Browning, a volunteer with the
Police Department, passed away March 22, 2014.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Stephanie Munoz indicated the Roth Building was taken apart as a
concession to South of Forest Area (SOFA) developers. If the City had not
torn down half the building, it could have put offices in that space. The City
wanted affordable housing, and Buena Vista Mobile Home Park was an area
of affordable housing.

Fred Balin reported new information regarding the Mayfield Development
Agreement Upper California Avenue Housing Site Plans were presented at a
hearing before the Architectural Review Board. There was not sufficient time
for the public to review and comment on the new information. The public
should be provided the complete Staff Report and all attachments and
allowed to subscribe to notices of postings and changes of Staff Reports.

Mike Francois noted a march against fluoride would be held in San Jose.
Fluoride contributed to a high cancer rate in Marin County.

CONSENT CALENDAR

Robert Moss was struck by the small compensation increase for the City
Clerk in comparison to the large compensation increase for the City

                                                                        Page 13 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
