                             MINUTES
As a policy matter, enforcement of rules and hours of use would be vital to
justify compromises made by neighbors and park users.         The ad hoc
committee encouraged the Council to consider increased resources for leash
law enforcement.

Council Member Schmid suggested sand, rock, and gravel located on the
7.7-acre parcel could have economic value to the City and commercial
markets. Recalling comments contained in the Grand Jury Report with
respect to the 7.7-acre parcel, Council Member Schmid recommended PARC
attempt to include the public as much as possible. Perhaps PARC could open
the parcel one weekend and invite the community to view it without guided
tours. The Parks and Recreation Master Plan should address the issue of
population growth in meeting goals for parks and recreation. A recent draft
Existing Conditions Report had a nice cover picture showing Palo Alto north
of Oregon Expressway as dark green and Palo Alto south of Oregon
Expressway as light green or brown. If the Master Plan addressed the City's
urban forest, it should question the different colors for the two areas of the
City.

Council Member Klein requested a preview of potential projects being raised
through the Master Plan process.

Mr. Lauing advised that PARC would need data from the Master Plan process
before prioritizing potential new projects.

Council Member Klein felt Commissioner comments alluded to some new
ideas. He would prefer to learn of potential projects sooner rather than
later.

Mr. Lauing explained that demographic and growth changes could raise
some new things to address in the Master Plan. That data should drive the
CIP process. PARC did not assume projects would surface, but they could.

Council Member Klein asked if anyone had proposed new projects.

Ms. Hetterly reported Staff would provide the Council with data from
outreach later in the month. The data would provide detailed information of
issues that concerned the public. The Master Plan could reveal that the
projects currently included in the CIP were not the highest priority; there
could be a shift of priorities.

Council Member Klein inquired whether PARC Commissioners had talked to
the City of Menlo Park regarding its successful dog park. Menlo Park did not
appear to have the problems to which Chair Hetterly alluded.


11/10/2014                                                              116- 73
