Robert Moss felt a business registry would provide a great deal of important
information, including an accurate number of jobs. Businesses should be
required to report periodically. Businesses should report the number of sites
they occupied and how many employees were located at each site.
Eventually home offices should be included.

Dave Lanferman recalled the Colleague's Memorandum directed Staff to
provide an exemption for home-based businesses. Yet, Staff recommended
the City consider expanding the business registry to include businesses not
occupying commercial spaces.        Phase 2 would consider enhanced
enforcement. It appeared Staff was asking businesses to pay for the red
tape that would be used to further regulate and tax businesses. He was
unsure whether calling the proposal a business registry circumvented the
requirement for a ballot measure.

Lynn Chiapella referenced parking problems resulting from small business
expansions. The City would never obtain a valid number of employees
without a business registry.

Jon Kiya, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce Board Chair, reported the
Chamber recognized the value of collecting data. Enforcement on large
corporations would be critical to obtaining valid data. Chamber members
were concerned about the use of information, specifically that information
not be used to assess further taxes or fees.

Mr. Fehrenbach advised that the Council's direction to Staff was clear that
home-based businesses would be exempt. The language "businesses not
occupying commercial space" was intended to explore transitory businesses.
Staff would explore actions taken by other cities regarding confidentiality.
The questionnaire was meant to provide a sense of the spectrum of interest
from City Departments. A U&O Permit was required for each separate
building. The business registry would address the number of workers
located in each building.    A registry with cost recovery only was not
considered a tax. This was an opportunity for proactive outreach and to
convert a paper process to an electronic process.

Council Member Holman recommended Staff revise the recommendation to
reflect information provided in the presentation.     Use Certificate and
Occupancy Permits were used interchangeably, which could be confusing.
She inquired about the SIC Code mentioned in the questionnaire.

Mr. Fehrenbach indicated SIC was an acronym for Standard Industry Code.
It was a standard set of numeric codes that segregated types of businesses.



04/29/2014                                                           114- 538
