                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked for clarification on the newly elected Council
Members. He asked if they could be sworn in on the first business day after
the certification of the election.

Ms. Stump stated that was correct or on the 1st day in January.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to have the new Council Members take office at the first regular
meeting of the Council after receiving the certified election results and at
that time the Council reorganization would occur, to take effect immediately
following the 2014 election.

Council Member Klein stated the change would put Palo Alto in line with the
majority of other cities and the efficiency of the Council would begin at the
start of the year. He also believed the Council leaving office remained in
office until the new Members were sworn in.

Council Member Schmid mentioned there would be 12 weeks between the
election and the first business Council meeting date. That sequence was not
well reflected of the election outcome. The elected Council Members should
have the opportunity to participate in City business prior to 3 months after
they were elected.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the Maker and Seconder would accept adding the
issues of cleaning up the Ballot order to their Motion.

Council Member Scharff believed the Palo Alto process was unique to our
City and it worked. He did not feel there was a necessary reason for change.

Council Member Klein disagreed. Until 1980 Palo Alto had elections in May
and they began their seat right after.

Council Member Scharff felt the time between the election and the first
business meeting allowed the elected Member to acclimate. The argument of
an emergency and not having an official Mayor or Vice Mayor in office was
irrelevant since the City ran on a City Manager platform.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted the President of the United States, the Legislatures,
and the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors were all sworn in during
January after a November election.




06/16/2014                                                            115- 171
