                     FINAL MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to investigate additional
assessments on Mello-Roos Districts on office space properties.

Council Member Klein understood a Mello-Roos District was limited
geographically, and any property owners within the geographic area had to
be included.

Mr. Gamble reported that a Mello-Roos District required a two-thirds vote of
property owners within the district.

Council Member Klein commented that a Mello-Roos District could not be
limited to owners of office buildings.

Mr. Gamble explained that a Mello-Roos District could be drawn such that it
was primarily populated by office buildings. A Mello-Roos District could
include non-adjacent areas.

Council Member Schmid indicated 98 percent of property in the Downtown
District was nonresidential.

Council Member Klein did not believe a Mello-Roos District could be limited
to office buildings.

Mr. Gamble clarified that a separate parcel could be excluded from a Mello-
Roos District.

Council Member Klein would accept language of a Downtown Mello-Roos
District.

Council Member Scharff recalled that the Infrastructure Committee and the
Council discussed a Mello-Roos District. The public opinion poll included a
question regarding it. The Council could not make a Mello-Roos District
work.

Council Member Klein noted Council Member Schmid requested the Council
investigate it again. A two-thirds vote would probably not be obtained.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the starting point was the proposal to
charge $17.50 per day for every parking space in Downtown was brought
before the Council by Staff.

Mr. Keene advised that the Council was exclusively focusing on a publicly
financed proposal.   Paid parking was a component of a public-private
partnership. Staff wanted direction about how to return with factors for a
design.   The strategies to fund a parking garage could be discussed
                                                                        Page 29 of 35
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: 10/20/14
