MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff to take actions to implement a coordinated
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program aimed at reducing
traffic congestion and parking demand in Palo Alto, and to solicit proposals
to establish a non-profit Transportation Management Authority (TMA).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER TO: 1) Solicit Proposals to Provide Car Share
Services Within City-Owned Parking Lots; 2) Evaluate Rideshare Tools,
Including a Trial of the “Twogo” Rideshare App, for Coordination and
Marketing By The TMA; and 3) to authorize the City Manager to enter into an
Agreement with the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board to participate in
the Caltrain Go Pass Program.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:             9-0


MOTION: Mayor Shepherd moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to direct
Staff to solicit proposals for an expanded Palo Alto Shuttle Program.


MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.   Direction to Staff on Lease Terms for the Renewal of the Cubberley
      Lease Between City of Palo Alto and Palo Alto Unified School District.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to accept Staff recommendation authorize the City Manager to
negotiate with the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) Superintendent
to execute a new lease agreement based on the following potential terms
and conditions, offered for Council consideration. These terms are intended
to provide a balance of flexibility and certainty to both City and PAUSD for
the Cubberley site, in the near term and the long term, while enabling most
effective investment of public funds. Suggested terms for consideration:

1.    Eliminate the Covenant not to Develop from the lease. Reallocate that
      funding towards investment in the Cubberley facilities for long
      neglected and ongoing maintenance. Consider inclusion of Ventura
      Community Center site for reinvestment dollars.
2.    Eliminate the Consumer Price Index (CPI) annual increases.




                                  4                    February 24, 2014
