                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd inquired whether there was any possibility for neighbors to
continue some maintenance on the property.

Mr. Anderson indicated Staff would need to discuss it with neighbors.

Mayor Shepherd believed the City would need a plan for maintenance once
the property was opened to the public.

Mr. Keene understood the Council would direct Staff to work through the
Commission process regarding options. Council Member comments did not
prescribe or limit options; therefore, other resources could be leveraged.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

STATE LEGISLATIVE DISCUSSION AND POTENTIAL ACTION

11.   Endorsement of AB 1799 - (Gordon) to Modify State Law Governing
      Funding for the Long-term Stewardship of Mitigation Properties by
      Public Agencies.

James Keene, City Manager, believed Staff could have proceeded with the
item under existing Council policy guidelines. Requiring local jurisdictions to
prefund the lifetime care and maintenance of a mitigation would necessitate
a significant amount of cash. Assemblyman Gordon's bill included some
qualifications to ensure local governments could meet standards and
requirements.     This was an important piece of legislation to support
environmental initiatives and to have them be practicable.

Stephanie Munoz stated the State forced actions onto cities without taking
responsibility for funding those actions. The Council should recognize the
reasons for the State's demands.

Herb Borock did not believe the Council should take action without having
the bill for review. There would be other opportunities for the Council to
state its position, after it had reviewed the bill. The summary language was
too broad. The bill would be applied retroactively.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd to direct
Staff to send a letter of support on the City Council’s behalf to Assembly
Member Rich Gordon in support of Assembly Bill 1799 (AB 1799).

Vice Mayor Kniss indicated the law would modify State law governing
funding for the long-term stewardship of mitigation properties by public
agencies.


                                                                         Page 25 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 3/24/2014
