                             MINUTES
Council Member Klein said the cities involved in this project acted very
responsibly and added that the RWQCB had time to respond to the
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) but their delays were astonishing. He
wanted the actions recommended by the City Manager to move forward
because the failures of the RWQCB were costing the City significant amounts
of money.

Council Member Scharff questioned the changes on Deductive Change Order
One and inquired whether the changes made the Golf Course less appealing,
or were lower quality materials being used.

Joe Teresi, Assistant Director of Public Works clarified that changes were the
efficiencies the contractor recommended, which were reviewed with the Golf
Staff and the Golf Course architect; they felt it did not take away from the
overall quality of the product.

Council Member Scharff wanted clarification of the $105,000 savings on the
bridge and the earthen crossing.

Mr. Teresi explained that the original plan had an island people used to get
to the green. Instead of a bridge, there was going to be grading used to
simulate an island.

Council Member Scharff was disappointed with the RWQCB Board’s actions
and said a flood would be their responsibility.

Council Member Price questioned who made the appointments to the
RWQCB.

Molly Stump, City Attorney answered appointments were made by the
Governor.

Council Member Price wanted to know who funded the RWQCB activities.

Ms. Stump replied State Legislature.

Council Member Price inquired whether all other options were exhausted.

Mr. Keene answered that the JPA and the City filed appeals with the State
Water Board in relation to the JPA Flood Control denial and to be on record
that there was a notice of incompletion received. The City Attorney was
asked to hold off on the appeal because the process took time and the
fastest way to receive approval was through the Executive Officer of the
RWQCB.

06/23/2014                                                       115- 193
