                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene inquired about the level of specificity Council Member Schmid
sought. The phrase applied to both aspects of the Motion; the impact to
residents by the repeal of the Ordinance and the impact of the funding
provided to the County. The County program was designed to provide a bit
of relief related to housing.

Council Member Schmid remarked that the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget would
make decisions about funding for the program; therefore, the Council should
have a report regarding conditions and impacts.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council could assume Staff would report on that
aspect. In Budget discussions, Staff could identify the effectiveness of the
first year and funding implications for the second year.

Council Member Scharff inferred from the Staff Report that repeal of the
Ordinance was possible because outreach had been effective. However, the
Staff Report did not indicate that spending the $250,000 had been effective.
He hoped Staff would report on expenditure of the funds as they appeared
to have been spent primarily on hiring somebody. He inquired whether the
City of Menlo Park had repealed its Ordinance.

Ms. Stump believed the City of Menlo Park had a different type of regulatory
program which was no overnight parking in residential neighborhoods.
Information from the original discussions in 2012 and 2013 indicated most
jurisdictions in San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties had some type of
regulation.

Council Member Scharff asked if other jurisdictions were revising, repealing,
or ignoring their Ordinances.

Ms. Stump reported the court decision applied specifically to a Los Angeles
Ordinance, which was 30 years old and contained archaic language not
contained in other Bay Area Ordinances. Lawyers would disagree about the
extent to which the decision applied. A group of plaintiffs would need to
decide to challenge an Ordinance in order to require a jurisdiction to review
an Ordinance. Because Palo Alto was one of the last communities to act, the
plaintiffs' legal community had focused on Palo Alto and indicated they would
challenge Palo Alto's Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff did not believe the Police Department had received
many complaints in the prior year and inquired about the exact number of
complaints.




11/17/2014                                                            116- 126
