                             MINUTES
Council Member Questions, Comments And Announcements

Council Member Berman recorded a yes vote for the Resolution in
recognition of Lee Lippert.

Council Member Price inquired about the status of body cameras for the
Police Department.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the City had video cameras in police
cars. Staff began to utilize COPS funding to purchase body cameras initially
for all patrol officers not in vehicles. Currently eight or nine body cameras
were in operation. More cameras would be purchased.

Council Member Price encouraged the public to read the informational report
regarding Project Safety Net and Health and Safety Funds from the Stanford
University Medical Center Development Agreement contained in the Council's
packet.

Mayor Shepherd advised that she and the City Manager had reorganized the
process for developing Agendas. The City Manager met with the Agenda-
setting team prior to the pre-Council meeting and eliminated a meeting later
in the day. This reorganization allowed Staff to accomplish more work
during the day.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, announced Palo Alto children who wrote to
Santa received a stuffed Palo Alto Fire Dalmatian dog. Beginning January
2015, Agenda packets for the Council and Council Committees would be
released on Thursdays, 11 days prior to meetings. The new Palo Alto Green
Gas Program, a voluntary program, would launch during the week. The City
hosted a free community water use forum the prior week to discuss drought-
proof water supply resources. He thanked Staff and the community for their
response to the prior week's storm warnings.         Flintco executed the
settlement agreement with the City, and the surety needed to execute it as
well.

Mayor Shepherd recalled the Council spent many hours in Closed Session
regarding the contract with Flintco. She asked if no further Closed Sessions
would be needed.

Mr. Keene answered yes.




12/15/2014                                                            116- 233
