                     DRAFT MINUTES
finalists and choose one. The City Council would then discuss awarding the
finalist; that was the appropriate place for public discussion.

Council Member Scharff      understood   the   reasoning   behind    a    private
deliberation of the jury.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to have the jury deliberate in private.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND.

Council Member Schmid asked if Staff preferred for the PARC and P&TC to
review designs prior to the jury making a decision.

Mr. Eggleston explained that designs would be submitted to the PARC and
P&TC prior to Staff presenting a recommendation to the Council.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the last sentence to read “PARC and
P&TC would have a role before Staff presents recommendation to the
Council”.

Council Member Schmid felt including that language in the Motion provided
the sensitivity to the designers their designs would be reviewed by the
Commissions prior to Council review.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the $8 million amount included or
excluded contingencies and at what percentage.

Mr. Eggleston reported it did include contingencies but did not specify a
percentage. Proposed designs would not be sufficiently detailed to allow
Staff to determine a contingency percentage.

Council Member Burt approved of the Technical Advisory Panel including a
cost estimator and a structural engineer. Staff should give the designers the
budget and ask them to prepare a design according to the budget and
criteria.

Mr. Eggleston clarified that the $8 million amount covered construction costs
and a contingency, and the total Project amount of $10 million included
other costs.

Council Member Burt asked if the $8 million amount included a contingency
amount for construction.


                                                                         Page 26 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
