                             MINUTES
John Shenk, Thoits Brothers, supported the Museum and hoped the Council
would support it. The TDRs represented a good portion of funds needed for
the Museum.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the History Museum would be
required to utilize prevailing wage if the City agreed to fund repairs of $1
million.

Ms. Stump reported additional research was needed as the law had changed.
A few weeks previous, the Council suspended its policy that prevailing wage
not be required for locally funded projects in response to State
requirements. Staff needed to better understand the extent to which the
Council chose to fund a construction project and the structure of that
funding in order to determine requirements. Staff would review the issue
once the Council structured the project.

Council Member Scharff found it difficult to make a decision regarding the $1
million without that information. He inquired whether the bid would be with
or without prevailing wage.

Mr. Green did not know.     The cost estimate increased because of various
contingencies.

Council Member Scharff remarked that selling the TDRs would commit the
City to renovating the building according to the Secretary of Interior's
Standards. He inquired whether it was the City's practice not to do that until
it was ready to sign a construction contract.

Ms. Stump indicated there was not a lot of actual history to report. Various
people had pointed out that the City made statements of its intention to
restore the historic resource in a way that was consistent with requirements.
It was another matter to create a TDR that was constructed in another
project and created a binding commitment for historic renovation and
seismic work. A statement of intent could have more flexibility in terms of
interpretation, application, and timing.

Council Member Scharff asked if the City could refuse to sell the TDRs so as
not to lock the community into retaining the Roth Building as a historic
structure and not have to renovate it to the Secretary's standards.

Ms. Stump did not have an example where the City had made this type of
commitment this early in a project. One other City-owned project was
renovated using a private entity; the Sea Scout Building. That question was
not raised until late in the project. She did not believe those TDRs had ever
been transferred.

12/15/2014                                                             116- 248
