                            MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd recalled the intention to include all ballot items in a
discussion on June 16.

19.   Public Hearing: Adoption of Budget Ordinance for FY 2015, including
      Adoption of Operating and Capital Budgets and Municipal Fee
      Schedule; Adoption of Five Resolutions, including: Adopting a Dark
      Fiber Rate Increase of 2.6% and Amending Utility Rate Schedules EDF-
      1 and EDF-2; Amending Utility Rate Schedule D-1 (Storm and Surface
      Water Drainage) to Increase Storm Drain Rates by 2.6 Percent per
      Month per Equivalent Residential Unit for Fiscal Year 2015; Amending
      the 2012-2013 Compensation Plan for Management and Professional
      Adopted by Resolution No. 9357 to Add One New Position and Change
      the Title of Two Positions; Amending the 2013-2015 Memorandum of
      Agreement Service Employees International Union (SEIU), Adopted by
      Resolution No. 9398 to Add One New Position and Correct the Salary
      of One Position; and Amending the Terms for the Utility Management
      Professional Association, Adopted by Resolution No. 9359 to Correct
      the Salary for One Position and Add Two New Positions.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, announced the title for the item would be
clarified for the second hearing. The first part of the title referred to a
Budget Amendment Ordinance; however, the item for hearing was the
annual Budget Ordinance.

Mayor Shepherd advised that the item was the first public hearing of the
Ordinance adopting a Budget for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. The second public
hearing would be held June 16, 2014, at which time the Council would take
final action.

Walter Rossmann, Office of Management and Budget Director, presented the
Proposed Budget as revised by the Finance Committee.          The Finance
Committee held five meetings in May 2014 regarding budgets for each
Department. All documents presented to the Finance Committee were
included in the packet. The Citywide Expenditure Budget totaled $470.3
million. The largest expenditure was allocated to salaries and benefits,
followed by utility purchases and the Capital Improvement Program (CIP).
The CIP expenditure amount was a net number and did not include
expenditures from Internal Service Funds. Staff did not propose any rate
changes for electric, gas, water, and sewer utilities.     A 2.6 percent
Consumer Price Index (CPI) increase was proposed for storm drain and fiber
optics. Staff increased the Solar Funding Rebate Program in the Electricity
Fund and added 4.5 positions across all Enterprise Funds. Staff proposed a
Management Analyst position to support the Airport Fund and a Laboratory
Technician position to support wastewater regulatory requirements. CIP
                                                                     Page 16 of 35
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 06/09/14
