                        ACTION MINUTES
Action Items

13.   Comprehensive Plan Update: Discussion and Direction to Staff
      Regarding the Scope and Schedule of the Planning Process, Including
      Concurrent Zoning Changes (Note: This is the continuation of a
      discussion that began on November 3, 2014.)

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct Staff to:

  1. Proceed immediately (i.e. in advance of the Comp Plan Update) with
     zoning ordinances to address retail preservation & parking
     exemptions; and

  2. Schedule a Council work session in January 2015 to discuss
     parameters of an annual office/R&D growth management program;
     and

  3. Schedule a series of Community/Commission/Council work sessions
     about “big picture” planning issues in Spring 2015 utilizing simplified
     planning scenarios to test the growth management program as well as
     a) the potential elimination of housing sites on San Antonio and South
     El Camino in exchange for increased densities or new sites closer to
     transit and jobs/services, b) the potential for major transportation
     investments in the Caltrain corridor and the County Expressway
     system, and new public transit, c) the potential use of sustainability-
     based performance measures and programs, and d) potential
     commercial zoning changes discussed at the City Council Study
     Session on September 8, 2014.

  4. Also use the work sessions to review goals, policies, and programs
     from the existing Comp Plan & the recommendations forwarded by the
     PTC in early 2014; and

  5. Prepare   a   impacts    analysis    (Draft  EIR)   to   inform    the
     Community/Commission/Council work sessions in the Spring of 2015,
     presenting the impacts of simplified scenarios (and the policy choices
     they represent) as well as potential cumulative impacts over the next
     15 years; and

  6. Concurrent with the Comp Plan Update, prepare a draft zoning
     ordinance(s) for consideration that would implement aspects of the

                                                                           Page 3 of 6
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                          Action Minutes: 12/08/2014
