                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd asked the City Attorney to explain the process for preparing
the Ballot Measure language.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, explained the City Council had been working on
the topic of governance for a number of years and Staff was looking for final
direction. If Council settled on the nature of Ballot Measures desired for the
November 2014 election, Staff would return to the next Council meeting with
the specific language for the Ballot Measure(s) and the Resolution calling for
the election. She emphasized any changes being requested needed to call
out a specific date of when the change would be implemented. Another
procedural issue would be whether or not Council wished to combined or
group issues. There would be costs associated with multiple Ballot Measures
if the issues were not combined; the City Clerk could advise on the costs.

Council Member Price, Chair of the Policy & Services Committee, discussed
the Colleagues Memo created in June of 2013 regarding the Council term
limits and reduction of Council seats. The term limits passed at Committee
level on a 3-1 vote. One of the thoughts for a third term was to maintain
regional appointments and building an expertise to better serve the City. A
negative thought was limiting the opportunity for new Council Members. The
seat reduction passed at Committee level on a 3-1 vote. A main discussion
point was the effective date and the ability for more efficient and shorter
meetings. The concern with fewer seats was whether or not there would be a
broad enough representative of the community. Council compensation was
discussed without a resolution but was returning to the Committee for
further discussion. The order of Council candidate names was discussed and
the options for this possibility was saving funds, incorporating Ballot Measure
language around similar items and the Committee agreed the Charter
changes could be proposed as separate Ballot Measures.

Council Member Klein stated the matter of changing the date and structure
of the Reorganization meeting came to the Council in the form of a
Colleagues Memo in an effort to rationalize the process of when Council
Members took office. The proposal was identical to General Law Cities and
most Charter Cities. The new Council Members would take office on the first
regular Council meeting in December after the election certification. His
concern was the Charter stated the Council term ended on December 31st
while the new Council was not sworn in until after January 1st. There was a
gap without a Mayor or Vice Mayor in place if there was a need for the
authority figure.

Cheryl Lilienstein urged Council not to reduce the Council seats. Palo Alto
needed more representation not less. A reduction in Council seats and
extending current term limits would erode democracy.

06/16/2014                                                             115- 164
