                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Burt suggested the Amendment direct Staff to return to the
Council subsequent to the action of the Motion.

Council Member Holman was not comfortable with that language and
requested clarification.

Council Member Burt explained that Staff would return at a Council meeting
subsequent to the meeting that addressed the Motion.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Holman accepted the proposed
language.

Council Member Holman responded yes.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff utilized the Guidelines.

Ms. French reported Staff addressed them in Staff Reports for formal
architectural review as well as site and design review. Staff also supplied
them to applicants. Staff referred to context-based guidelines as well as the
South El Camino Design Guidelines.

Mayor Shepherd would not support the Amendment.

Council Member Schmid requested clarification of the phrase "after the
Motion." He questioned whether Staff would return with the item after the
Comprehensive Plan Update was presented to the Council.

Council Member Burt clarified that if the Motion returned in a month, then
the Amendment could return in a month. There was no set time.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Klein, Kniss, Price, Shepherd no

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman that the FAR issue for CN Zone sites where dwelling units
are permitted to 20 units per acre, come back as part of the Comprehensive
Plan.

Council Member Scharff wanted the FAR issue to return to the Council as
part of the discussion of the Comprehensive Plan. It was a broad issue that
should be handled in the Comprehensive Plan.          The FAR issue was
complicated. Community outreach was needed.



                                                                          Page 22 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
