Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff had prepared a list of milestones for
the Technology and the Connected City Committee or the City Council Rail
Committee.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff was in the process of a series of milestones for the
Technology and the Connected City (Technology) Committee.                   He
recommended the Mayor not appoint a Committee in order to direct
resources to other things.      The Council could direct Staff to provide
information to the Council or request the Mayor reappoint an Ad Hoc
Committee. The Council had set in motion the work to be done. The City
Council Rail Committee (CCRC) had four major issues in 2014; Caltrain
modernization, High Speed Rail (HSR) litigation, potential HSR legislation,
and the preliminary Palo Alto grade separation study.            The Caltrain
electrification Environmental Impact Report (EIR) was the only issue with a
specific milestone which was included in the Work Plan. Staff was capable of
continuing work and recommending action to the Council.

Mayor Shepherd inquired about a Staff presentation regarding Committee of
the Whole.

Mr. Keene suggested the Committee of the Whole process as a means for
the Council to schedule discussion and action as needed. A Committee of
the Whole format could inform the full Council regarding issues which
remained in Committee. The Council could meet in a less formal Committee
setting that allowed for action and exchange of ideas.

Mayor Shepherd remarked that the Work Plan for the Technology Committee
could be referred to a Standing Committee. She requested Colleagues
comment on transitioning the CCRC into the Council's Work Plan and the
Technology Committee to the Policy and Services Committee or the Council.
She wanted to allow the City Manager to use the concept of Committee of
the Whole.

Jeff Hoel agreed the Technology Committee did not accomplish enough in
2013. The City should completely disregard wireless until Fiber to the
Premise was complete. The Utilities Advisory Committee (UAC) deferred any
action on Fiber to the Premise. He questioned whether the UAC could be
involved again.

Stephanie Munoz cautioned the Council against doing things that constrained
its ability to act on important items. She requested the Council not allow
Palo Alto Housing Corporation to dispose of the property before the Council
considered the Housing Element.
                                                                        Page 15 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 02/01/14
