                            MINUTES
Ms. Silver answered no.

Mayor Shepherd explained that the current meeting would be continued to
the following evening; therefore, notice was not necessary. She suggested
the Council continue Agenda Item Number 13 to 8:30 P.M. the following
evening, but take public comment in the current meeting and the following
meeting.

Council Member Price requested the Council meet at 8:00 P.M. the following
evening.

Mayor Shepherd advised that Council Members were not available at 8:00
P.M.

Council Member Price suggested the Council meeting begin at 8:00 P.M. with
those Council Members who could be present at that time.

Council Member Burt inquired if the Finance Committee meeting scheduled
for the following evening would end by 8:00 P.M.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Finance Committee's discussion of the Animal
Shelter had been postponed.

James Keene, City Manager noted the Finance Committee would have some
discussion of the Animal Shelter the following evening.

Council Member Berman felt the Finance Committee could complete its
meeting by 8:30 P.M.

Vice Mayor Kniss urged the Council to meet at 8:00 P.M.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Council would meet at 8:30 P.M. on December
2, 2014 in order to have all Council Members present.          Four Council
Members would not participate in discussion of Agenda Item Number 14
because of conflicts of interest. Public comment for Agenda Item Number 13
was going to be allowed in the current meeting. She returned to discussion
of Agenda Item Number 12.

Council Member Holman was troubled by the lack of a direct agreement with
a grocery operator. She was not sure if Mr. Chavez was the right grocer for
the business. Collecting no rent for the space was less expensive for the
Applicant than paying a $2,000 per day penalty. The list of products to be
sold in the grocery store added to the question of Mr. Chavez's experience.
She learned from a member of the public that the Extension Ordinance was
supposed to have been reviewed to determine whether it should be
extended; that had not occurred. She questioned whether the Extension
Ordinance was legally valid to allow the Council to extend the PC Ordinance.


12/01/2014                                                           116- 156
