Mr. Keene clarified the Council held a check in at 10:00 P.M. with a goal of
ending the meeting at 11:00 P.M.

Council Member Schmid would not support omitting Minutes for Study
Sessions. The Council should submit questions to Staff early and have Staff
respond publicly at the meeting. That could extend the length of meetings.
Before proceeding with meetings one Wednesday a month the Council
should determine if other measures obviated the need for regularly
scheduled extra meetings.

Council Member Berman would appreciate a Wednesday meeting being
scheduled for a set date. He suggested items expected to require one hour
of discussion be scheduled on Tuesday nights with a Standing Committee
meeting. Council Members should be mindful of the length of time they
spoke.

Council Member Klein agreed with regularly scheduling one Wednesday a
month for Study Sessions, interviews, and occasionally Closed Sessions.
Meetings should be held to a length of five or six hours or alternatively end
at 11:00 P.M. The Mayor and City Manager had the authority to schedule
meetings when less than nine Council Members would be present. Some
issues required more than one round of discussion. He could support a
voluntary five-minute rule or indicator. It would be better to schedule a
meeting on the fourth Monday of each month than to have extended
meetings three times a month.

Council Member Scharff interpreted the protocol for Council discussion as
being one round of general comment, one round regarding a Motion, and
one round regarding a Substitute Motion. He inquired whether Mayor
Shepherd wished to change that procedure.

Mayor Shepherd felt it was appropriate to limit comment to one round unless
many Council Members indicated a desire to comment further.

Council Member Scharff agreed to Wednesday meetings as long as they
were scheduled for the same Wednesday each month. Before implementing
Wednesday meetings, the Council should plan for four Monday meetings
each month. Council meetings should always begin at 6:00 P.M.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the Council could change the meeting start time to
6:00 P.M.




                                                                       Page 20 of 23
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/01/14
