                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd noted she and Council Member Scharff were the only
Council Members registered to attend the conference.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether issues on which delegates would
vote would be reported to the Council.

Mayor Shepherd responded yes. That item was tentatively scheduled for
Council discussion in a few weeks.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

19.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9447 entitled “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto TEFRA Hearing Regarding Conduit Financing for
      the Stanford Affordable Apartments Project Located at 2450, 2470 and
      2500 El Camino Real Palo Alto, and Approving the Issuance of Revenue
      Bonds by the California Municipal Finance Authority for the Purpose of
      Financing the Acquisition, Construction and Development of a Multi-
      Family Rental Housing Facility.”

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director, reported the IRS
required a hearing in the jurisdiction in which a project would be constructed
in order to issue tax-exempt bonds. The project would construct affordable
apartments along El Camino Real. Stanford University owned the land and
granted a long-term lease to Related Companies of California for the project.
The City bore no financial, legal, or moral responsibility for the project.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 7:49 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
adopt the Resolution approving the issuance of bonds by the California
Municipal Finance Authority (CMFA) for the benefit of Palo Alto ECR Partners,
L.P. (borrower).

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

20.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9448 entitled “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Confirming Weed Abatement Report and
      Ordering Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment on the
      Respective Properties Described Therein (Continued from June 16,
      2014)”

Mayor Shepherd reported this was the time and place set for the Public
Hearing on a Resolution confirming the County Weed Abatement Report for
Palo Alto and ordering costs of abatement to be a special assessment on the
respective properties described in the Resolution.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 7:51 P.M.
                                                                         Page 7 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 08/04/14
