                            MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER that the Council finds that the
current proposal does not meet the findings required by the PC Ordinance
because it does not provide long-term grocery business viability.

Council Member Holman requested clarity of the language of the Substitute
Motion.

Ms. Stump advised that the Substitute Motion would provide some initial
approval with a substantial condition that the Council needed to approve the
new owner/operator team. All of that needed to be codified in an agreement
that was enforceable before any additional permits could be issued.

Council Member Holman felt language after "the following conditions of
approval" should be deleted in order to clarify the Substitute Motion.

Ms. Stump indicated the intention was to have an agreement enforceable
against the current owner and any successor owners.

Mr. Keene added that the phrasing "the following conditions of approval
which shall be included in a voluntary agreement to be executed by the City
Manager" presumed that the conditions of approval must be met in advance
of being included in the agreement.

Council Member Holman inquired whether the City Attorney found the
language acceptable.

Ms. Silver replied yes.

Council Member Burt noted the Council would approve the conditions rather
than the tenant under the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Council Member Burt was satisfied with the
language of the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Burt replied yes.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council could consider a new proposal
as early as December 8, 2014 if the Applicant could arrange a new proposal
under the terms of the Substitute Motion. Notice of a new proposal would
have to be given.

Council Member Scharff believed that was a decision for the Mayor and City
Manager.

Mayor Shepherd was concerned that December 8, 2014 would be too soon
for the Council to consider another proposal.


12/01/2014                                                           116- 160
