                            MINUTES
20.   Approval of Letter of Intent for Construction and Operation of the New
      Junior Museum and Zoo Building by the Friends of the Junior Museum
      and Zoo in 2019.

Rhyena Halpern, Assistant Director Community Services Department,
advised that approximately 150,000 people visited the Junior Museum and
Zoo (JMZ) annually, of which one-quarter were residents of Palo Alto and
three-quarters visited more than once per year. JMZ could be found in
many local elementary schools and provided approximately 15,000 hours of
hands-on lessons. JMZ employed 6 full-time Staff and 30 part-time Staff.
Since 1997, studies had determined the building needed major renovation.
The key point of the Letter of Intent (LOI) was the City and Friends of the
Junior Museum and Zoo (Friends) wished to cooperate in rebuilding the JMZ
facility and in operating it for 40 years after construction.         Staff
recommended the next 12 months be spent in negotiating an agreement for
the design, construction, operation, and management of the JMZ. Staff
requested Council input regarding the six negotiating principles.

Aletha Coleman, Chair of the Friends of the Junior Museum and Zoo,
understood the Friends were requesting permission to work with Staff
regarding rebuilding JMZ.

Dan Garber recalled the Friends first began discussing ways to improve and
replace JMZ around 1996. Staff strongly supported and worked with Friends
to improve JMZ. He strongly desired a Friends partnership with the City.

Council Member Berman served as Council liaison to JMZ. The Friends had a
plan for improving JMZ, and he hoped those plans progressed.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd to
adopt Staff recommendations to: 1) approve a Letter of Intent by which the
City and the Friends of the Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo (JMZ) will
collaborate to develop agreements for the building of a new and enhanced
Junior Museum and Zoo facility, and the operation of the new facility for up
to 40 years. Approval of the guiding negotiation principles, noted below:

  1. Delineate methods for appropriate public and City input to programs
     and services;

  2. Oversight and cooperation of the construction project;

  3. Establish a long-term structure      for   financial   and   programmatic
     oversight of the operations;




11/10/2014                                                              116- 95
