                             MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez explained the City collected several different traffic fees for
projects. Currently the Stanford/El Camino Real Corridor Fund had $3.4
million.

Council Member Klein mentioned a concern of the ramp from Alma Street
onto the Page Mill Road/Oregon Expressway heading westward. The ramp
was very short with limited visual access.

Mr. Rodriguez agreed the area was of high concern for Staff as well. A
proposal coming to Council soon included concept work on Page Mill Road
from Highway 280 to just before Alma Street. After speaking with the
County, for an additional $60,000 the ramps could be included to identify
the necessary near term improvements.

Council Member Klein asked for the ideas and concepts for improvements to
the ramps that were not in the millions of dollar range.

Mr. Rodriguez mentioned reviewing the alignments of the existing off ramps
where they T into Alma Street, the potential to straightening out the off
ramps, whether signalization of the off ramps along Alma Street would
improve the flow; although, there was no true knowledge.

Ms. Cameron noted if there was to be a signalization connection from Alma
Street there would need to be a manner of travel for the vehicles outside of
the ramp. An alternative would decrease the traffic and liability. The Alma
Street ramp would require more traffic analysis because it was not as simple
as what would fit but rather to review the travel movements themselves.

Council Member Burt brought up the westbound traffic on Oregon
Expressway to El Camino Real which backs up to Ramona Street. He asked
the difference between the consideration of a major delay and a severe
delay.

Ms. Cameron explained there was an operational problem for the left turn
lane because it was a dual left turn for a brief distance with a continued
single lane turn. There was not ample capacity for all of the left turn traffic
to make it into the left turn lane which caused a spill back effect. The goal
would be to make the dual left turn lane extend all of the way back to the
beginning of the single left turn lane which would add capacity to the left
turners and remove them from the through traffic.

Council Member Burt understood the suggested change to the traffic pattern.
His initial question was why that area was designated as a major delay and
not a severe delay.

06/16/2014                                                             115- 152
