Mr. Keene believed the Council could not endorse and launch a public
process without fulfilling its representative role of reviewing information
given to the public. The Council would need to read Study Session material
on its own time. If the Council edited the Comprehensive Plan prior to public
input, it would not be supporting the proposed process. The other directives
in the Motion allowed the Council to revise the proposed process.

Vice Mayor Kniss added that the Council could not continuously add pieces to
the Comprehensive Plan review process.

Mr. Keene concurred. The Motion identified three or four topics for which
the Council requested additional details. If those details did not elicit Council
support for the proposed outreach process, then Staff would have to identify
a new process.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether the review of the prior
Comprehensive Plan process meant only the 1998 process or the 1998
process and subsequent Council amendments.

Mayor Shepherd replied the 1998 Comprehensive Plan process.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Schmid no, Price absent

15.   From Policy and Services Committee Staff Requests Direction From
      Council on the Naming of the Main Library (Continued from March 3,
      2014).

16.   Resolution 9398 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving a New Memorandum of Agreement with Service
      Employees' International Union Local 521 and Amending Section 1401
      of the Merit System Rules and Regulations.”

Kathy Shen, Chief People Officer, reported the Service Employees'
International Union (SEIU) contract provided a reasonable economic
increase, the first since 2008 for SEIU employees; and provided structural
changes for the City in health benefits. SEIU employees would pay 8
percent of pension costs and 10 percent of healthcare premiums. The
contract covered the period December 2013 to December 2015.              The
contract contained two general salary increases of 2 percent and 2.5 percent
over two years and market adjustments to salaries based on a survey of
total compensation costs. The contract included an important structural
change to medical benefit costs by implementing a fixed City contribution
toward medical premiums.

Council Member Schmid noted public comments regarding the contract
contained mixed messages. First, the contract covered a two-year period.
                                                                          Page 26 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 03/17/14
