Peter Drekmeier learned that wet anaerobic digestion was the best solution
for processing food and biosolids. He was concerned about the length of
time taken to reach the current discussion. Vendor financing and training
were benefits.

Kirsten Flynn believed Staff's proposal was a component of Palo Alto thriving
in the future. She supported a local solution to handling biosolids, food
waste, and yard waste.

Emily Renzel stated the Council should look closely at Staff's proposed
direction. It was important for the Council to review financing. She
concurred with Mr. Hays' comments.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere generally supported the Staff recommendation.
Thermal hydrolysis with anaerobic digestion was the best process. He
preferred an accelerated timeline and local ownership. The Council should
continue to consider a proposal for yard waste.

Herb Borock indicated the Council should make the decision to reject all RFP
proposals upon Staff recommendation. A decision regarding the RFP should
be made quickly.

Bob Wenzlau was interested in keeping composting within Palo Alto. He
hoped the Council could impose a tighter timeframe on composting. He
noted that the volume of residential food waste and yard waste was
decreasing.

Wynn Grcich hoped incinerated sewer sludge would not contain copper.
Incinerated sewer sludge was used as mulch, which allowed copper to seep
into wells. When fluoride was added to the water, the mixture was toxic.

Mike Muller, Biogas Equity 2, reported his proposal covered all components
of the RFP, utilized the latest technology, and provided more energy. In
addition, he proposed 100 percent financing.

Council Member Price encouraged Staff not to cancel the RFP. Instead she
suggested Staff consider requesting a joint proposal from the top two firms.
A joint proposal could be complicated. Staff should consider having the
proposers design, build, and operate a facility such that the City would
obtain a fully operational facility with fewer risks.

Council Member Schmid expressed concern about financing. He was unclear
regarding a basis for rejecting RFP proposals. He questioned whether the
term "outside feedstock" meant feedstock imported from outside the City
                                                                        Page 4 of 37
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 2/10/14
