                             MINUTES

The parking program for Crescent Park was not an RPP Program, because it
regulated only resident parking. The objective of the Ordinance was to
standardize development of RPP Programs in the future. Criteria for a
neighborhood to be designated an RPP District were that non-resident
vehicles interfered with resident parking, interference occurred frequently,
interference disrupted neighborhood quality of life, and other strategies were
not feasible or practical. The Planning Department would develop a standard
application for neighborhoods to complete and submit. The City Council
could also propose a neighborhood as an RPP District.            The Planning
Department and Director would review applications and make
recommendations to the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC).
After P&TC review of applications, Staff would begin community outreach.
No later than September of each year, Staff would prepare Resolutions for
presentation to the P&TC and subsequently the Council. A Resolution could
provide a trial period of up to two years. The process also allowed for
annexation and termination of Districts and for contract parking
enforcement. Most cities utilized a neighborhood petition process; although,
the number of signatures, percentage of signatures, and occupancy
thresholds varied among cities.

Public Hearing reopened at 8:48 P.M.

Tommy Derrick supported adoption of the Ordinance. Staff's proposed
Section 10.50.040 did not include some items proposed by residents. The
Council was thought to have authority to designate an area in need of an
RPP Program. Subparts (d) and (e) of Section 10.50 were not only not
essential but also harmful.

Norman Beamer believed an RPP Program was clearly needed. Section
10.50.080, annexation, was necessary to prevent parking problems from
moving to streets adjacent to an RPP District. Proper implementation of the
annexation provision was not supposed to allow any non-resident commuter
parking permits in annexed blocks.

Herb Borock felt the annexation provision should include timeframes for
submission and review of applications. Permit holders should not subsidize
low-wage workers; employers should pay full price for permits.        The
Ordinance was unclear as to when details of an RPP District would be
proposed. He questioned the exemption of vehicles with disabled license
plates. The Ordinance did not provide a means to identify vehicles parked
for a school event.

Public Hearing closed at 8:59 P.M.




12/02/2014                                                             116- 168
