                            MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff, third by Council Member Burt to remove Agenda Item Number 7 -
Approval of and Authorization for the City Manager to Execute Two
Professional Services Contracts with Columbia Telecommunications dba CTC
Technology & Energy for Consulting Services for (1) a Fiber-to-the-Premise
Master Plan in the Amount of $144,944 and (2) a Complementary Wireless
Network Plan in the Amount of $131,650; and Adoption of Budget
Amendment Ordinance for FY 2015 to Provide Appropriation in the Amount
of $276,594 from Fiber Optics Fund, from the Consent Calendar to be heard
at a later date.

Mayor Shepherd inquired when the Item could be heard.

Molly Stump, City Attorney advised that Staff needed time to determine a
date.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd,
third by Council Member Burt and fourth by Council Member Scharff to
continue Agenda Item Number 5 - Affirm Director of Planning and
Community Environment’s Individual Review Approval of a New Two-Story
Home located at 1066 Metro Circle, to February 9, 2015.

Paul Heft spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. If a tall home were built
adjacent to his home, it would shade the solar photovoltaic panels used to
power his home and render them useless. He asked the Council to consider
that when discussing this Item.

Annette Isaacson spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. She requested
the Council consider the effect of large homes, solar panels located at
adjacent homes and on the character of the neighborhood.

Roger Kohler, Architect spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5 and said the
home was located in the flood zone; therefore, the finished floor had to be
five feet off the ground. The design of the home was impacted by the flood
zone.

Jean Wong, owner of the project spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5.
The project received three approvals; she worked with City Staff and
neighbors to meet their concerns.

David Hammond spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5 and felt the
problem was different sized lots located in circles and cul-de-sacs. The
normal area requirements for new homes located in circles and cul-de-sacs
needed to be restricted to the average size of existing homes on the street.

Mayor Shepherd noted the topic for comments was removing the Item from
the Consent Calendar.

12/01/2014                                                           116- 144
