                      FINAL MINUTES
importance to the overall regional network. BART's success and ability to
serve mid and north Santa Clara County were strongly associated with
enhancement of Caltrain service and performance. In order to fund these
options, there should be a 3/8 cent sales tax increase rather than the
proposed 1/4 cent tax increase. Another element of the letter was the
specific identification of grade separations as an important improvement.
The estimated cost for each grade separation was approximately $150
million. The letter discussed the importance of having a clear process for
fund allocation and cited the 2004 San Mateo County transportation tax
measure as a model for allocation of funds. If the proposed sales tax
increase was 3/8 cent, then additional funds would support Caltrain. The
original $500 million designated for Caltrain could be reallocated to other
worthwhile projects in Santa Clara County.

Herb Borock remarked that SVLG, representing the largest employers in the
area, wanted the tax increase because it would provide transportation for
workers. Those companies should be taxed to pay for Caltrain and BART
improvements. Asking citizens to pay additional taxes in order to obtain
funding for Caltrain was not a good idea. Voters were more likely to support
a 1/4 cent sales tax increase with a portion of the 1/4 cent increase
dedicated to Caltrain.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to authorize Staff to draft the letter that is included in the packet,
regarding the Santa Clara County transportation tax, including changing the
date in the second paragraph to June 4, 2014.

Council Member Scharff believed extending BART to Diridon station and
improving Caltrain would be transformative for Silicon Valley. The additional
1/8 cent sales tax would mostly solve the issues of Caltrain. Linking BART
with Caltrain and then extending Caltrain to the Transbay Terminal would
result in a functioning transportation system. Funding from the sales tax
increase would almost achieve that.

Council Member Schmid felt the letter was too polite in that SVLG could
simply deny the City's recommendation to raise the proposed sales tax
increase to 3/8 cent.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to remove the last sentence in the second paragraph and
replace it with, “Without the additional 1/8 cent the amount going to BART
and Caltrain should be equalized."

Council Member Holman asked what could be accomplished by dividing the
1/4 cent tax increase equally between BART and Caltrain.
                                                                            Page 2 of 14
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 06/04/14
