                             MINUTES
Mark Weiss suggested the City build a park in the Ventura neighborhood
should land become available. The Council should think about rent control.

Cory Wolbach believed traffic congestion and lack of housing had similar root
causes. Working collaboratively, the City might find policy solutions to
address those issues simultaneously. The Council should carefully discuss
locations for additional small- to mid-size housing units. The planning
process needed radical reform, and community input and needs should be
the center of the process.

Joe Hirsch supported and urged the Council to adopt Scenario 2.
Commercial    development,  particularly high-density commercial
development, should cease.  Residents wanted to slow the rate of
development.

Public Hearing closed at 7:25 P.M.

Council Member Klein expressed concern about obtaining significant
involvement of citizens from all segments of the community. It was not
clear whether the 70 participants who attended the third meeting were
different or the same as those who attended the first two meetings. Staff
did not provide a breakdown of the meeting participants.               Meeting
attendance did not reach his goal of significant citizen participation from all
segments of the community. He requested Staff comment on methods for
better outreach.    He was not persuaded that planners should handle
outreach.

James Keene, City Manager, continued to review different approaches for
outreach. Staff could return with a discussion of how to accelerate outreach.
Once the Council selected an alternative for the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) and began reviewing the Comprehensive Plan, public
engagement would have to expand. The potential to engage people would
increase as the Council developed specificity for choices and alternatives.
Whether Staff was reaching more of the same people as opposed to a wider
audience was a legitimate question. Staff would expand participation in the
next phase. Staff owed the Council additional data and some ability to
discuss expansion of outreach.

Council Member Schmid inquired whether Mayor Shepherd sought questions
or comments from Council Members.

Mayor Shepherd requested Council Members ask questions regarding the
scenarios. Following that, Council Members could make comments, take
action, and make motions.

                                                                          Page 2 of 25
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes 08/06/14
