                            MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd stated Council Members would provide corrections prior to
October 20.

Ms. Grider indicated Minutes would return on October 20 in their current
form if she did not receive any corrections.

Mayor Shepherd concurred.

Council Member Schmid asked if Minutes remained on the website.

Ms. Grider explained that Minutes were available on the website as part of
the meeting packet. When the Council approved Minutes, they were placed
on the website as Minutes of the meeting.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Stephanie Munoz spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 10. There were
fairly simple ways to alleviate the legitimate complaint of people impacted
by traffic. An overnight ban was suspiciously similar to the ban on sleeping
in cars.

Roger Smith spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15.            He believed
members of the Business Improvement District were legally obligated to pay
dues; however, many members were not paying their dues. He encouraged
the Council to review payment of Business Improvement District dues
annually. He inquired about the structure of Business Registries in other
communities in the Bay Area.        He hoped the Council and business
community could work closely with the Chamber of Commerce.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 5-15.

Council Member Schmid registered a no vote on Agenda Item Number 5.

5.   Staff and Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation that the City
     Council Adopt a Resolution 9454 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Approving Revisions to the City of Palo Alto
     Energy Risk Management Policy.”

6.   Approval of a Water Enterprise Fund Professional Services Contract
     with G&E Engineering Systems, Inc. in a Not to Exceed Amount of
     $268,400 for the Performance of a Water System Condition
     Assessment Master Study and a Seismic Master Study (WS-11003.

                                                                      Page 16 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/06/14
