                              MINUTES
That concept simplified Staff's task, because it allowed Staff to identify a tool
kit that could answer questions and determine the community's appetite for
decreasing emissions.

Council Member Berman felt the Council was determined to reduce emissions
as quickly as possible. There would always be challenges. Staff should
clearly describe all the reasons it was important to reduce the City's carbon
footprint.

Mr. Friend advised that Staff's job was to reduce emissions economically and
conveniently.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the City could encourage or
require sub-meters for multi-unit buildings so that individual units would
know their water usage.

Mr. Friend stated he would research the question and provide an answer at a
later time.

Council Member Berman remarked that commuting did have environmental
ramifications; therefore, the Council had to consider carbon emissions of the
region.    The lack of housing in Palo Alto had negative environmental
impacts.    Replacing lawns with native plants not only reduced water
consumption, but also increased animal activity.

Mayor Shepherd noted some residents continued to ignore recycling efforts.
If Palo Alto was to continue to be a leader, then residents needed to own
efforts to reduce carbon emissions. Staff should consider methods to
provide performance reporting to everyone. The City should push the
boundaries of sustainability, as long as the community supported the City's
efforts. Sustainability efforts should move in incremental steps, so that they
became part of residents' behavior.

Walt Hays strongly supported Mr. Friend's vision. He liked the idea of Palo
Alto continuing to be a leader. Concepts should be made concrete as soon
as possible. The City should encourage residents to switch from gas to
electricity.

Craig Lewis, Clean Coalition Executive Director, indicated leadership and role
models were paramount to implementing sustainability initiatives.
Considering environmental issues in combination with economic issues was
intelligent.

Vanessa Warheit supported Council Member Klein's suggestion that the City
make sustainability the driver of the Comprehensive Plan.

12/08/2014                                                               116- 201
