                             MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd understood Mr. Arrillaga was attempting to make the old
quarry habitable; however, the property was the staging area for
Mr. Arrillaga's work. She expressed concern that the Motion did include a
provision for estimating costs. She preferred to retain Acterra's use of the
property.     The Motion did not address many of her concerns.          She
referenced problems with maintaining Buckeye Creek. She would support
the Amendment.

Council Member Schmid would not support the Amendment. Many issues
needed to be resolved. The Amendment would delay any action on the
property.

AMENDMENT FAILED:         4-4   Berman, Burt, Holman, Schmid no, Scharff
absent

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Klein to add “and estimated costs of such uses” into item number 2
of the main Motion.

Council Member Holman suggested identification of costs should be a
separate recommendation. Costs would be identified after PARC review.

Council Member Berman felt costs should be estimated first to aid PARC's
analysis of options.

Council Member Holman would not accept the language.

Council Member Klein believed as responsible stewards the Council should
know costs prior to considering uses.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt the costs should be considered in order to best restore
and utilize the land.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Scharff absent

Mayor Shepherd noted one of the neighbors maintained Buckeye Creek, and
inquired whether the City could collaborate with the neighbor on that work.

Mr. Anderson suggested opening the property to the public could cause
neighbors to fence their properties and, thus, remove the incentive for the
neighbor to continue the work.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the City would need additional equipment at the
property.

Mr. Anderson responded yes.
                                                                       Page 24 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 3/24/2014
