SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Berman, Kniss yes

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to change the TOT tax increase from three percent to two
percentage point.

Council Member Berman felt increasing the TOT tax rate to the same rate
charged in San Francisco was more palatable than having the highest rate in
the Bay Area. A 2 percent TOT tax increase created $15 million less revenue
than a 3 percent increase; therefore, the Council would have to find $15
million in funding or move $15 million in projects to the CIP. The only
unfunded project he wanted to fund was parks catch-up in the amount of
$4.3 million. With respect to cash flow concerns, not all projects would be
constructed at the same time which would allow funds to be utilized for cash
flow. He could accept allocating the $8 million Infrastructure Reserve to
some projects or to bridge a funding gap. Low priority projects could be
transferred to the CIP.

Council Member Burt agreed that revenue projections were conservative.
Based on his calculations, revenue from the lease of the existing PSB would
cover the gap between a 2 percent and 3 percent TOT tax increase.
Additional funds could be found in Staff's conservative projections for
revenue. Therefore, the City had sufficient funds to meet the capital goals
of Step 2 with a 2 percent TOT tax increase. Exceeding the highest TOT tax
in the region could harm Palo Alto's reputation.

Council Member Holman supported the Amendment. Having the highest TOT
tax rate did not reflect well on Palo Alto's image. Other communities would
raise their TOT tax rates if Palo Alto increased its rate.

Council Member Scharff did not believe a 2 percent TOT tax increase would
accomplish all projects as construction costs and land prices continued to
increase. Any notion that people would not stay in Palo Alto because of a
TOT tax increase was illogical.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt a high TOT tax rate could be perceived as Palo Alto
treating visitors callously. However, the community would support a TOT
tax increase. It was important for the Council to agree on an amount to
recommend to the community, because the community needed to feel the
Council was in unison.

Council Member Klein initially favored a 2 percent TOT tax increase;
however, he was persuaded in during the Infrastructure Committee that a 3
percent increase was necessary. The Infrastructure Reserve may be needed
for cash flow differentials. He did not recommend use of funds from a lease
                                                                      Page 29 of 31
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 03/03/14
