                             MINUTES
If the proposal was completed, the square footage would be reduced to
37,500 square feet. These changes included historic life safety features
located at existing stairs, and alongside the elevator. The elevator was non-
compliant by today’s standards. The addition also included a code compliant
exit stairwell, which also made the building fire safe. Sprinklers were
included in the plan, and a full seismic upgrade, including a new elevator
equipped to hold a paramedic gurney.

Robert Moss remarked that there was a difference in Floor Area Ratio (FAR)
between what was in the Staff report and what the applicant relayed. In
the past, underground basements were not included in the FAR. The
proposed addition of nine parking spaces did not accommodate the 30-35
office workers that would be using the building.

Sheri Furman explained that moving the FAR around made the office and the
basement different and there was a loss of parking spaces. The Municipal
Code needed to be changed if that was not clear.

Michael Hodos did not support converting 4,000 square feet of storage into
office space. That meant one parking space to every 250 square feet of
space. The deficit of parking meant overflow of parking in downtown
neighborhoods.

David Mackenzie understood this project improved deficiencies identified in
the building, while maintaining the original intent of the design.

William Ross questioned the EIR and said the California Environmental
Quality Act (CEQA) guidelines required all construction and operational
impacts be considered. Staff followed a pattern of construction impacts
offline and adequate review under CEQA was required for approval of the
project.

Jeff Levinsky outlined how examples in the Staff Report regarding historic
precedence did not support Staff’s definition of building envelope. Historic
precedence in relation to the building envelope followed the Municipal Code.

Doria Summa remarked      that the Staff Report used building envelope as a
synonym for buildable      area, as was in Encino but “Encino” was a
neighborhood. The City    of Los Angeles explained building envelope as the
height, size, number of    units to buildings, driveways, and any proposed
garden walls.


06/23/2014                                                       115- 199
