     for the Palo Alto Municipal Golf Course Reconfiguration and Baylands
     Athletic Center Expansion Project, and Review of the Status of the Palo
     Alto Municipal Golf Course Reconfiguration Project, Capital
     Improvement Program Project PG-13003.”

Rob De Geus, Community Services Assistant Director, presented 100 percent
Site and Design Plans to fully transform the Palo Alto Golf Course. The new
Golf Course would provide significant environmental enhancements
appropriate to the Baylands; would carve out 10 1/2 acres of property for
future athletic fields; made room for renovation of the San Francisquito
Creek Flood Control Project; and would provide an enhanced golf experience.
Staff requested the Council approve the Site and Design Application, adopt
the Park Improvement Ordinance, and adopt the Resolution Certifying the
Final Environmental Impact Report (EIR).         The Parks and Recreation
Commission (PARC) reviewed the Golf Course Project several times and
reviewed the Park Improvement Ordinance. The PARC, the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC), and the Architectural Review Board
(ARB) recommended approval.

Forest Richardson, Forest Richardson & Associates, reported that Plan G, as
approved by the Council, preserved Golf Course yardage and reduced the
turf footprint by 40 percent. Plan G included a short-game practice area, a
small expansion of the practice range tee, new practice putting greens, a
restroom on the Golf Course, and a youth golf area. Goals for the Golf
Course Project were reconfiguring the course for the San Francisquito Creek
Flood Control Project; reinforcing a sense of place; celebrating the Baylands
environment; restoring the golf asset as a point of pride; conserving
resources; and integrating the habitat into the course.

Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer, requested Council input regarding the entry
sign. The proposed sign complied with Baylands Guidelines and featured
new branding. The ARB preferred the entry sign more closely resemble
signs utilized in other parks. After receiving Council input, Staff would
return to the ARB for final approval of the entry sign. Certification of the
final EIR covered the Golf Course and conversion of acreage for an athletic
center expansion. The EIR analyzed use of the acreage for construction of
up to five athletic fields with associated parking and lighting. Lighting
associated with the athletic fields and air quality during construction were
significant and unavoidable impacts and would require the Council to adopt a
Statement of Overriding Considerations. In order to transform the Golf
Course from a park setting to a Baylands setting, most of the trees would be
removed from the course. Staff would plant 300 native trees on the Golf
Course; however, that action would not replace the loss of trees. Staff
recommended a mitigation package which consisted of planting 300 native

                                                                       Page 22 of 30
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 02/03/14
