             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
remote from the county seat and the misperception that Palo Alto had no
social service needs. The Sunnyvale Armory, which had served as a cold-
weather shelter, was being redeveloped for housing. The County adopted a
strategy called Housing First to identify and house people having the
greatest level of need. The County realized it needed a shelter for the
homeless until they could be served through Housing First. The County
continued to search for a replacement shelter. The County utilized Measure
A funds to contract with Project We Hope in East Palo Alto for five beds and
case management. The County utilized Palo Alto's $250,000 matching funds
and case management for additional housing vouchers. Additional County
offices would be located near the North County Courthouse in order to
provide housing, mental health, and substance abuse services to residents
with cases before the Palo Alto Review Court.

Council Member Schmid recalled the homeless discussion before the Council
in 2013, which resulted in new shelter space, housing vouchers and case
management, and County services for local residents. The community
remained sensitive to social service needs.

Vice Mayor Kniss advised that the Opportunity Center and dwindling
resources for nonprofit agencies remained concerns for the City. Local
nonprofit agencies should look to the County for long-term support.

Supervisor Simitian noted that the Housing Authority was a separate legal
entity from the County and, thus, not under County control. The Housing
Authority suffered under Federal sequestration. As a result, the County
provided $1 million to transition Section 8 voucher recipients into new living
situations.   He met with the Human Relations Commission (HRC) and
suggested they approach both the City and County with issues and programs
as often as necessary to obtain a response. City government had a limited
role in social services. There were limits to what the County could afford
and to what he could persuade the Board of Supervisors to do.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if the City should approach the County the following
spring with proposals for matching grants or programs.

Supervisor Simitian stated the City should begin a conversation sooner
rather than later. More services could be offered through leveraging funds
or obtaining matching grants.

Council Member Berman inquired about criteria for a building to replace the
Sunnyvale Armory shelter. He hoped the local press would write about the
County's efforts and criteria so that the community could propose suitable
locations.

                                                                          Page 2 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
