Council Member Klein noted similar efforts were tried previously in Palo Alto
and other cities. A successful initiative would require innovation to reach the
community. He expressed concern about efforts to reach Asian-Americans,
residents both married and single under age 40, and senior citizens; all of
whom constituted half or more of the community. Successful outreach
efforts would need to move into the community, to the locations where
residents lived, worked, and socialized. In order to reach younger residents,
meeting times might need to be later than 6:00 P.M.

Council Member Holman hoped outreach efforts would connect with
residents who did not participate in Council meetings. She asked when the
Council could add topics for community discussions.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council could suggest topics at any point. Staff
needed ideas and suggestions from the community and the Council. As the
Council provided direction to Staff, then Council Member suggestions would
need to be concrete and a collective Council action. Staff had already
received several ideas from Council Members.

Council Member Holman offered topics regarding traffic baselines and traffic
methodology, employee density compared to parking demand, the built
environment, and retail retention.

Mr. Keene noted Staff would present information regarding parking the
following week and request Council direction regarding subsequent studies
and information. At that time, the Council could request specific data sets.

Ms. Gitelman would want to have conversations regarding Council Member
Holman's topics as the Council began reframing the Comprehensive Plan. At
the same time, the topics fit into the top tier as standalone topics for
workshops, meetings, or community conversations. Staff would be remiss
not to address the topics in all three areas.

Council Member Holman wanted to provide suggestions so that Staff could
incorporate information into presentations to the Council.

Mr. Keene reported many topics would return to the Council with specific
details based on Council input. Community conversations could inform the
Council's direction to Staff.

Council Member Holman stated sidewalk widths and retail retention were old
issues in terms of Colleague's Memos. She inquired whether they could
return to the Council sooner rather than later for action.



                                                                         Page 11 of 30
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 02/03/14
