                             MINUTES
improvements and reforms to the housing mandate system. The County of
San Mateo created a San Mateo County Subregion as an alternative model.
He inquired whether Senator Hill had been involved in creating the subregion
or if he had any thoughts on the pros and cons of a subregion.

Senator Hill was involved with the creation of the subregion; however, he
was not aware of its successes or failures. A subregion model could work in
Santa Clara County. He would provide information to the Council regarding
the San Mateo County Subregion.

Mayor Shepherd expressed concern that the Density Bonus Law allowed low-
income housing to convert to market-rate housing after 30 years. She
asked if the law could be changed to require a local jurisdiction's approval of
conversion.

Senator Hill indicated all legislation was a matter of compromise. That
provision of the Density Bonus Law allowed developers to recoup losses
incurred during the 30-year period. It was possible for that to be a local
government issue.     Local jurisdictions did not want to lose affordable
housing stock.

Mayor Shepherd felt local jurisdictions should have more control. She
encouraged a change in governance for and dedicated funding to Caltrain.

Senator Hill recalled two years ago he authored legislation that would allow
the Joint Powers Authority (JPA) to place a tax measure to fund Caltrain on
the ballot. However, the time was not right for that legislation. Caltrain
funding and governance needed to be addressed.

2.    Planned Community (PC) Zoning Reform.

Mayor Shepherd reviewed the history of Planned Community (PC) Zoning.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, wished to
obtain comments from the Council, the public, and the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) prior to drafting an Ordinance.

Consuelo Hernandez, Senior Planner, reported the Council had approved
approximately 100 different PC Ordinances. The process allowed the City to
be responsive to opportunities and to address proactively community
objectives related to land use. The public expressed concerns regarding the
ad hoc nature of each PC and the inadequacy of public benefits and
monitoring of public benefits. Staff compiled prior analyses; formulated
alternatives to the PC process; and provided a table outlining PCs approved
or amended in the prior 20 years and a summary of P&TC discussions. The
                                                                          Page 6 of 35
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 10/06/14
