                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Berman was convinced to support the Amendment by the
PTC Minutes. FAR along El Camino Real was incredibly important and
impacted many things. The build-to issue was less complicated.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council's consideration of FAR in the
Motion would be restricted to the residential component.

Council Member Klein intended it to be neutral.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, Holman, Klein, Schmid no

Council Member Scharff noted the Council's original Motion mentioned the
consideration of retail. The Council discussed the importance of small
business to maintain the vibrancy of El Camino Real which was the intention
of the Council Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that as part of the Comprehensive Plan that
Staff look at making El Camino Real more vibrant as retail.

Council Member Price felt the Council was reiterating items contained in the
Economic Development Plan.      In the interest of time, she would not
comment further.

Council Member Holman pointed out that FAR was increased in CN sites
along El Camino Real in 2005 from 0.9:1 to 1:1. That 0.1 increase was
designated for retail.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
call a special meeting on Wednesday, June 4, 2014 at 6:00 P.M. to hear the
letter regarding Santa Clara County Transportation Project Sales Tax
increase, and Council direction to Staff on potential housing sites for
inclusion in the 2015-2023 housing element update and on submittal of an
administrative draft for the state's initial review.

Council Member Price would need to leave the meeting at 8:00 P.M. on June
4, 2014. She requested the letter regarding the tax measure be the first
item on the agenda.

Council Member Holman requested the City Clerk poll Council Members for
attendance on June 4 and June 18.

                                                                         Page 23 of 26
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                           Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
