                             MINUTES
Council Member Price did not remember that vote specifically.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to authorize the Mayor to send a letter to include two elements to
the letter: 1) funds should serve the Peninsula Corridor and 2) funds should
be evaluated for purposes that would increase the capacity of Caltrain
including platform lengthening. Substitute the word “modernization” for
“electrification”.

Mr. Hackmann noted the environmental review of the Caltrain Electrification
Project was moving in parallel with funding of the proposed Caltrain
Electrification Project. The $20 million was not identified for Caltrain
modernization; it was identified for the specific proposed electrification
project.

Council Member Burt suggested the letter state modernization, and VTA
could interpret it.

Council Member Klein asked if the Motion would authorize the Mayor to send
a letter similar to the City Manager's letter with additions as set forth.

Council Member Burt responded yes.

Council Member Scharff felt the Council needed to discuss the issue of
electrification and modernization very soon.        These issues should be
presented to the Council earlier so that the Council could discuss them and
take positions as needed. He would have liked to discuss the issues with the
City's representative to MTC prior to the votes being taken.

Mr. Keene reported Staff brought the item to the Council's notice as soon as
they learned of it. He wrote the April 9 letter at the last minute to place
something in the record before the PAC meeting.

Council Member Holman inquired whether a second letter should state that
the City supported the $20 million allocation to Caltrain.

Mr. Keene asked if Council Member Holman meant to limit the City to the
$20 million. He interpreted the letter to indicate the City was interested in
more than $20 million.

Council Member Burt suggested the letter state the City would support $20
million at the current time. The City wanted MTC to evaluate additional
support for the corridor in the future.


04/21/2014                                                           114- 510
