Eliminating the buy-back/repurchase clause for the Ventura site could allow
the City to reinvest in that facility. The child care program would continue
according to the terms and conditions of the existing lease. The playing
fields would likely fall within PAUSD's portion of the Cubberley site. The City
should not be paying rent for property it owned. The Council should
consider discussing adjustment of the rent paid to PAUSD if the City lost
anchor tenants.      Also for Council discussion was the possibility of an
enhanced sharing of PAUSD facilities with the City or the community at
large. Explicit Council direction would be the most expeditious method for
Staff to continue lease negotiations.

Janice Shaul, Palo Alto Community Child Care (PACCC) Executive Director,
remarked that the Ventura site was overdue for significant improvements.
PACCC was excited by the potential of a long-term lease and of partnering
with the City in making improvements.

Robert Moss was delighted that Staff recommended eliminating the
Covenant not to Develop. Funds for the Covenant not to Develop should not
be redirected to maintenance of the facility. PAUSD should be responsible
for maintenance. A 10-year term with a renewal option would be sufficient.
PAUSD could need both the Cubberley and Ventura sites for schools.

Diane Reklis felt Staff recommended terms for negotiations between
adversaries rather than bodies with common interests. The recommended
terms benefited only the City.

Stephanie Munoz endorsed Ms. Reklis' comments. The City and PAUSD were
not competitors. The City's portion of the Cubberley site could be utilized to
house teachers.

Mr. Keene remarked that the characterization of a one-sided negotiation was
unfair. Staff recommended the majority of funding continue. The high cost
and scarcity of land were shared problems. When PAUSD needed a new
school site, they would build a school on the Cubberley site. The City
utilized its 8 acres of the Cubberley site and additional space to provide
community needs that were in high demand. The City had a programmatic,
fiduciary, and community responsibility to meet needs. The negotiation with
PAUSD was an opportunity to reprogram money to meet those needs.

Council Member Klein favored a provision that would adjust rent paid to
PAUSD in consideration of adjustments not taken at the time the City
purchased the 8 acres at the Cubberley site. He asked if Staff rejected that
provision.




02/24/2014                                                              114- 342
