Michael Hodos felt the inconsistent application of the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the cumulative impact of dozens of
Negative Declarations contributed to the lack of parking. He urged the
Council to consider requiring a CEQA review for any and all commercial
projects and requiring the dedication of parking in-lieu fees to replacement
parking and/or TDM programs.

Neilson Buchanan believed the proposals were a good start to resolving
parking issues.    He asked the Council to consider and scrutinize all
possibilities. He noted inconsistencies between the maps in Attachment D
and the information he had.

Herb Borock indicated the Council needed to solve parking issues in
residential areas prior to considering solutions for Downtown parking.
Parking in-lieu fees should be utilized to provide parking, not to fund studies.
The Urban Lane proposal was the worst place for a parking structure.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, urged the Council not to decide on
expensive investments until there was a better sense of resulting efficiencies
and reductions from other solutions. She questioned whether Staff spoke
with potential users to determine whether they would utilize satellite parking
lots. The partnership structure of a private entity making money from
parking revenue was risky. The Council should consider metered parking
and the use of pricing to incent short-term and long-term parking.

Elaine Uang recommended the Council remember all three issues as it
discussed each issue. She encouraged the use of technology in hopes that
some progress could be made quickly. She wondered whether the process
for obtaining parking permits and information about them could be
simplified.

Cedric de la Beaujardiere noted Citywide improvements for bicycle travel
that could be implemented for significantly less cost than parking garages.
He did not wish to lose the Downtown Farmers Market.

Barbara Gross believed RPP Programs should be implemented concurrently
with other solutions.   RPP Programs would have a large impact on
businesses.

John Hackmann felt the three categories of parking users should be handled
differently. Private management of garages could be a benefit. Data
regarding pricing and use of spaces could provide needed information.
Smart parking meters could modify prices according to use or lack of use.


                                                                          Page 16 of 37
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 2/10/14
