                            MINUTES
Council Member Holman replied yes.

Council Member Scharff would not accept P&TC review of all CN Zones.

Council Member Holman reiterated having concerns about reasonable
accommodation.

Council Member Schmid would support the Motion. He suggested Staff
provide a final report reflecting the questions asked and Staff's responses.

Council Member Klein stated the Motion did not include a referral to the
P&TC and reopening the public hearing because of time constraints. The
Council could reopen the public hearing if it chose. If the Council adopted
the proposed Ordinance in Item Number 16, then it would endorse the
concession system the State created. He hoped the Council would find a
way not to support the State's system of concessions.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted the Council had at least ten items to act on in the
next two months.       Not enacting the proposed Ordinance would be
detrimental to the City. She would like to support the Motion, but would
support the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Shepherd objected to the State mandates, but appreciated the
consequences of not enacting the proposed Ordinance. Because the Council
was preparing an update of the Housing Element, it did not have a year to
make changes to Housing Inventory sites. Referring the FAR component to
the P&TC was appropriate. The City had contacted State Legislators with
respect to relief from State mandates.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Klein, Schmid no

Mayor Shepherd opened the discussion for Item Number 16.

Council Member Holman stated that not adopting the proposed Ordinance
would allow applicants open-ended access to zoning concessions. The
Ordinance quantified and modified State mandates.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to approve Staff recommendation that the Council adopt an Ordinance for a
new Chapter 18.15 (Residential Density Bonus) to include in Title 18 of the
Palo Alto Municipal Code, implementing Government Code Section 65915 in
accordance with State Law. Furthermore, to delete Section 18.15.050(f).

Council Member Holman recalled that the P&TC discussed identifying a
particular zoning that would accommodate affordable housing projects.
Section 18.15.050(f) was not the way to do that. There was a way to have
a controlled, measured process and development standards for affordable
                                  21                    January 13, 2014
