Houman Boussina, Acting City Auditor, reported the information was taken
from the Census Bureau.

Mayor Shepherd requested more granular information.

Mr. Boussina would provide that.

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS

Mayor Shepherd announced that the renaming of the Main Library (Agenda
Item Number 15) would be continued to April 7, 2014.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

Jim Keene, City Manager, reported the City Clerk was recruiting members for
the Human Relations Commission, the Library Advisory Commission, the
Public Art Commission, and the Planning and Transportation Commission.
Community meetings regarding the pilot program for solid waste collection
were scheduled for March 26, 2014 and March 29, 2014. Results from the
pilot program would be presented to the Finance Committee on June 3,
2014. Development Services recently launched Accela Citizen Access to
provide online services for the public. On March 24, 2014, the Utilities
Department would receive the 2014 award from Silicon Valley Water
Conservations Awards Coalition for outstanding commitment to water
conservation.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief, indicated Pulse Point was a cost-effective method to
connect the community with technology to save lives. Pulse Point would
provide notice of all emergency medical, fire, and rescue dispatches. It
would send a text alert if CPR/AED was needed in a public location and
would provide CPR self-help.

Mr. Keene acknowledged an email letter from Cheryl Lilienstein and Palo
Altans to Preserve Neighborhood Zoning regarding several issues. Staff
would respond to items within Staff's purview.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Klein attended the National League of Cities meeting in
Washington, DC the prior week, where he spoke regarding the City's carbon
neutral electrical generation program.

Vice Mayor Kniss indicated Council Member Klein gave an excellent
presentation.   While at the conference, Council Members spoke with
consultants, the Army Corps of Engineers, Senator Feinstein's staff,

                                                                        Page 8 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 03/17/14
