Mr. Fehrenbach understood Staff's recommendation combined the one-time
U&O Certificate with the annual business registry. Staff would automate the
U&O component as well as the questionnaire component.

Mayor Shepherd asked if there was an annual fee.

Mr. Fehrenbach answered yes.    It would be an annual, nominal fee in the
range of $35 to $75.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the problem was sorting through paper
files to determine which businesses should receive notice of an annual
registry.

Mr. Fehrenbach indicated Staff needed to focus on adding businesses with
and without existing U&O Permits and new businesses to the new online
system. Staff would need to build outreach systems and a backend to
support each of those different types of businesses. Once businesses were
in the system, then the process would be simpler with automatic renewal
notices.

Mayor Shepherd did not see an annual fee or an annual update of business
information in the Motion.

Mr. Fehrenbach stated Staff's intent was to receive Council direction and
build that into the Ordinance.

Mayor Shepherd reiterated that that was not contained in the Motion. She
asked how Staff would handle the Motion.

Mr. Fehrenbach would take direction from the Council to explore a separate
system and attempt to create tools to entice/enforce businesses to update
information annually.

Council Member Klein noted the Staff Report referred to the Business
Registry Certificate (BRC) as being updated annually. It was clear Staff
intended an annual update of information. Perhaps the interaction between
the U&O Certificate and the BRC should be reversed from Staff's proposal.
Staff should build backward from the business registry to the U&O
Certificate. There would be no benefit to building a business registry from
the U&O Certificate process. Somehow Staff needed to notify landlords and
others that a new business had to apply for a Certificate of Occupancy. If
compliance with a business registry was easy, then the City would receive
needed data. The City could waive the fee for the first year to entice
businesses to provide information.




04/29/2014                                                         114- 544
