                             MINUTES

Mr. Perez explained that the actuary recommended the City change to a
closed amortization period. The Council directed Staff to review that and
determine the impact of a change.         Because the Annual Required
Contribution (ARC) would change by approximately $600,000, the Council
elected to remain with an open amortization period. Staff again requested
changing to a closed amortization period.

Council Member Klein did not believe the City could concede to all the
actuary's recommendations. At some point, the Council had to deny some
recommendations, because the City had other obligations.

Mr. Perez commented that Bartel and Associates explained that an open
amortization period was similar to refinancing a home mortgage yearly.
Staff did not change the rate of return. Staff's actions mirrored most
changes in pensions.

Mr. Rossmann advised that the payment amount would change in the second
year. The impact would be $200,000 higher in the second year. Prepaying
the amortization liability over a 30-year period would be a long-term savings
versus refinancing annually.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Mayor Shepherd
to eliminate the allocation to reserves for the Covenant Not to Develop and
to use such funds instead for capital improvements at Cubberley for the
City-owned 8 acres and, if the City enters into a new lease with PAUSD for
other property at Cubberley, such as PAUSD owned property at Cubberley.

Council Member Klein indicated the Council adopted a strong policy to
eliminate the Covenant Not to Develop after December 31, 2014. He
wanted to send a clear message that the City would not pay for a Covenant
Not to Develop.

Mayor Shepherd supported the Amendment because of Council Member
Klein's comments. Improvements to Cubberley were important.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired whether the Amendment pertained to the City's 8
acres at Cubberley.

Mayor Shepherd reported the Amendment reallocated funds to Cubberley
capital improvements.

Vice Mayor Kniss questioned whether the City should make improvements to
PAUSD's property without a lease agreement.
                                                                       Page 27 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 06/09/14
