                     DRAFT MINUTES
commercial zoning. Historically the basements of commercial buildings in
Downtown supported retail spaces.         Currently, basements were being
converted to office space. The Code did not contain any provisions to retain
basements as supporting retail. The Council should discuss the current
trend and methods to retain retail space. Regarding commercial zones in
Service Commercial (CS) and Neighborhood Commercial (CN) Zoning
primarily in the greater El Camino Real area, he was interested in a modest
adjustment to reduce the non-retail commercial portion and alternatives that
would lower Floor to Area Ratio (FAR) or adjust the non-retail commercial
portion with some additional residential zoning. A fairly modest reduction in
FAR could allow better design. Previously, the Council changed the hotel
overlay FAR to 2.0. The Council should consider a modest decrease in the
hotel overlay FAR to incentivize hotels and allow architectural latitude.

Mayor Shepherd advised that Packet Page 21 indicated commercial hotel
zoning was 1.5 FAR and asked if Council Member Burt was stating the
correct FAR was 2.0.

Council Member Burt understood the FAR for hotels were 2.0.

Council Member Holman reported Council Member Burt was correct.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the FAR for hotels changed to 2.0.

Council Member Holman replied yes. Packet Page 32 stated the maximum
FAR for hotels was 2.0.

Council Member Burt believed many of the City's issues concerned density of
employment and density of vehicle trip per square foot of building. He
wished to understand the range of tools that would allow the Council to
control growth of employment within the City.

Mr. Keene inquired whether the density of employment was primarily limited
to the generative impact on density of traffic or density of parking. He
questioned whether there were other components beyond those that were
problematic regarding density of employment.

Council Member Burt suggested the Council consider different densities for
the same use in different areas of the City. Valuable local-service retail
space was shrinking as gentrification occurred. If the City retained local-
serving retail that could not compete with high-end chain stores, then the
City would need areas that were marginal for retail success and that were
zoned for retail. Much of the affordable retail in the community was located
along El Camino Real. The community wanted and needed these types of
outcomes in the California Avenue and University Avenue/Downtown areas.
                                                                          Page 5 of 40
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
