                    DRAFT MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman indicated the Council initiated the update in 2006 and work
began in 2008. In early 2014, Staff outlined a process to complete the
Comprehensive Plan Update by the end of 2015.            In updating the
Comprehensive Plan, Staff needed to analyze any development that might
occur over the life of the Comprehensive Plan and its cumulative impacts.
Preparing the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) required the most time,
presuming consensus was reached regarding Elements of the Update. Staff
outlined a process to prepare the EIR and engage in community outreach
concurrently.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about consequences at the State level if the
Council made minor changes to the Comprehensive Plan and some zoning
changes.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the Comprehensive Plan did not require State
approval, with the exception of the Housing Element. A Comprehensive Plan
was required by State law and had to meet State requirements. Staff was
concerned that without updates the Comprehensive Plan would become
outdated. While some zoning changes and updates could be made either in
advance of or as part of the Comprehensive Plan Update, Staff was
committed to updating the Comprehensive Plan soon.

Vice Mayor Kniss recalled that originally the Council anticipated changing
only 10 percent of the Comprehensive Plan. Every city prepared and
updated a Comprehensive Plan. The City had a Comprehensive Plan that
had been in effect for quite some time and was now considering next steps
for the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Burt asked if Council Members would have only one round
of comment.

Mayor Shepherd indicated the Council did not have to follow protocol in a
Study Session. Hopefully one round of comment would raise all ideas.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council could discuss ideas as a group
rather than each Council Member speaking in succession.

James Keene, City Manager, suggested Council Members air ideas in a first
round as a basis for public comment, and then engage in discussion.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Council Members would speak once in
succession or hold a dialog.




                                                                       Page 2 of 40
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
