                            MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez advised that a separate study analyzing existing shuttle
operations would be presented to the Council in September. As a result of
that study, Staff could recommend expansion of stops.

Council Member Berman inquired about hours of operation for shuttles to
and from the Embarcadero Road satellite parking lot.

Mr. Rodriguez reported that would be part of the September Council
discussion.

Council Member Berman requested an update of the Golf Course closure.

Mr. Keene could provide that information in the next few weeks.

Council Member Berman viewed satellite parking as a short-term parking
solution. Several initiatives were underway to increase parking supply. A
long-term solution would manage traffic and the demand for parking.
Implementation of the RPP Program and the resulting decrease in parking
supply would impact both technology and service workers. The concept of
satellite parking was worthy of study. He would not support the Motion.

Council Member Klein shared the views of Council Member Berman.
However, he did not support Staff's recommendation because of the high
cost of satellite parking. The area east of Bayshore Road was a possible
location for satellite parking. The proposal need further work.

Mayor Shepherd originally did not support satellite parking along
Embarcadero Road. After meeting with concerned residents, she realized
satellite parking was needed. She was impressed with the incorporation of
bike paths into the study.

Council Member Scharff remarked that 132 parking spaces comprised 6-9
percent of the parking deficit. The parking deficit was 1,500 to 2,000
parking spaces. Mr. Buchanan proposed allowing commuters to occupy 25
percent of neighborhood parking. A TDM Program and increased parking
efficiency were additional solutions to the parking deficit. The item would
authorize a study only.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Price to approve a consultant agreement with BKF Engineers
in the amount of $180,000 for the design and environmental review of the
Embarcadero Road-Satellite Parking Lot Project, subject to removal of Task
4.7 and other references to the Baylands Athletic Center from the scope of

                                                                         Page 15 of 36
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 08/11/14
