                              MINUTES
Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director, stated there were three
types of electric vehicle categories; EVSE Installed or fully functional electric
vehicle chargers, EVSE Ready Outlet or Wiring and outlet for seamless future
installation, and Conduit Only or raceway panel; capacity and box. The types
of new construction being effective by the Electronic Vehicle (EV)
installations are new multi-family structures, hotels, and commercial
buildings. The proposed requirement for every new multi-family was one EV
outlet, 25 percent of guest parking was EV ready and new single family
homes must be EV ready. For new non-residential commercial buildings 25
percent of all parking spaces were required to have Conduit, Outlet or EVSE
while hotels were 30 percent.

Public Hearing opened at 10:46 P.M.

Arthur Keller, Planning and Transportation Commission, EV Taskforce
Member, requested once Council made a determination on the Electric
Vehicle (EV) requirements they return the matter to the EV Task Force for
monitoring and price issues prior to submitting a report to the Policy &
Services Committee for vetting.

Mike Thompson, EV Task Force Member, appreciated the charging stations
throughout the City. He stated it made visiting or doing business with Palo
Alto easier and more convenient. He agreed there should be a fee for charge
in order to avoid the abuse of parking in the charge station spots.

Richard Cassel, EV Taskforce Member, remarked as an electrical engineer
there was an issue with the lack of requirement for a disconnect. The City of
Mountain View allowed for a disconnection within the line of site and worked
with the national Electric Code.

Emma Remry volunteered at the Project Brain Home where the nation’s first
permanent residential EV charging station was installed. The proposed
Ordinance would set the standard for EV chargers in the City and parking
structures.

Wendy Lee strongly supported the proposed Ordinance.

Craig Lewis concurred the adoption of the proposed Ordinance would pass
Carbon Free Palo Alto into the transportation sector.

Stephanie Munoz felt the Council was making personal life style choices for
the citizens and an economic choice to favor one type of business over
another.


06/16/2014                                                               115- 175
