Mr. De Geus reported the PARC did not view ongoing maintenance as part of
mitigation measures.

Council Member Schmid stated the PARC recommended ten years of
maintenance rather than 20 years.

Mr. De Geus added that the PARC recommended funding not be associated
with Golf Course performance.     Additional restoration would require
additional funding.

Mr. Keene commented that the General Fund would have to pay for the
additional expense. He recommended additional funding be considered as
part of Baylands funding during the Budget cycle. The Council could make
the decision for the General Fund to pay the expense or refer funding to the
Budget process.

Council Member Schmid remarked that planting small bushes and trees in
the Baylands was a reasonable mitigation for the loss of trees on the Golf
Course.

Council Member Holman concurred that the PARC did not consider
maintenance as a mitigation measure.

Council Member Schmid believed the PARC considered restoration of three
acres rather than maintenance as a mitigation measure.

Mr. Keene reported the proposed EIR mitigated the impact. He inquired
whether the Council wished to decide the cost of maintenance absolutely or
refer it to the Budget process. Referring the cost to the Budget process was
a more appropriate method to make the decision.

Council Member Holman wished to ensure the costs were included in the
Budget cycle.

Mr. Keene would do so.

Council Member Holman withdrew her second to the Amendment

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burt noted the new Golf Course would have 40 acres of new
natural vegetation and habitat; consequently, he did not understand the
discussion of mitigation measures. The redesign of the Golf Course was a
large environmental benefit. He understood the State Water Board was
concerned that the Golf Course Project would be piecemealed with the Flood
Control Project. Staff indicated the Golf Course Project could proceed prior
                                                                      Page 28 of 30
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 02/03/14
