                             MINUTES

Special Orders of the Day

Mayor Shepherd reported Dan Dykwell passed away the previous Thursday.
Mr. Dykwell and his wife drew people together to build the community. She
listed his service to the community. A video of Mr. Dykwell taken during his
campaign for the City Council in 2009 was shown. She dedicated the
meeting to Mr. Dykwell.

Council took a break at 7:20 P.M. and returned at 7:35 P.M.

2.    Partner Presentation Between the Palo Alto Library and Palo Alto Art
      Center for Veteran Audiences.

Rhyena Halpern, Assistant Director Community Services Department,
advised that the expressive arts and community-based programs for
veterans were very important. In honor of Veterans Day, the Palo Alto
Library and the Art Center collaborated on the Heart of a Soldier Program to
draw attention to the need for future programs and services.

Karen Kienzle, Manager Community Services Senior Programs, reported the
Palo Alto Art Center opened the Community Creates Exhibition in 2012. The
Community Creates Exhibition featured detailed portraits of local veterans
along with statements handwritten by each veteran about how their service
impacted them. In the summer of 2014, the Art Center set up a studio for a
ceramic artist/veteran who made more than 800 cups from clay and
engaged with the community. Many of the cups featured images and
objects related to the service of local veterans. The cups were displayed in
an exhibition and then distributed to community members. The exhibition
also featured a panel discussion with local veteran artists as well as a
workshop with Combat Paper.

Lorna Hastings, Palo Alto Library, indicated the Library applied for and
received a grant from Cal Humanities for a project on the theme of War
Comes Home. Programs included book discussions and civic conversations.
Special programming focused on veterans, such as a two-day photography
workshop called Heart of the Soldier. Heart of the Soldier was an exhibition
of photographs that spoke to veterans' experiences of service and return to
the community.

Council Member Price thanked the Art Center, Art Center Foundation, and
Library Staff for their innovative and creative work. Heart of the Soldier was
an exciting program.


11/10/2014                                                              116- 79
