                             MINUTES
Mr. Perez could not confirm that telephone companies were all charging the
tax in the same manner. Because the City did not have regulatory control, it
did not receive detailed information. Staff reviewed and compared their
personal phone bills to determine how the tax was applied.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff felt the vast majority of residents
would not see any substantial increase.

Mr. Perez answered yes.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss
to direct Staff to return to Council to: 1) call an election for November 2014
and place before voters the amendment to the Utility User Tax to modernize
the telecommunications provision; and 2) provide direction to Staff to
include elimination of the large volume discount paid by nine commercial
users on gas, electric and water.

Council Member Berman believed modernizing the UUT was logical. The
Council should eliminate the large volume discount. The discount did not
create an incentive for higher usage but provided a benefit for higher usage.
He wanted to discuss the possibility of reducing the UUT rate. He inquired
about the amount of reduced revenue that would result from 1 percent and
1/2 percent decreases in the UUT.

Mr. Saccio indicated a 0.2 percent rate reduction would decrease annual
revenue by $126,000; a 0.25 percent reduction would decrease revenue by
$158,000; and a 0.5 percent reduction would decrease revenue by
$315,000. These amounts resulted from decreases in the telephone portion
only of the UUT.

Council Member Berman asked if the 0.2 percent reduction would decrease
the 5 percent rate to a 4.8 percent rate.

Mr. Saccio replied yes.    The overall projected tax amount for 2014 was
$3.15 million.

Council Member Berman inquired whether decreased revenue resulting from
a rate decrease in the telephone portion of the UUT would be offset by
increased revenue resulting from elimination of the large user discount.

Mr. Saccio answered yes.

Mr. Perez noted Staff Report page 154 contained statistics from June 2002
through June 2013 related to modernizing the UUT with a reduction in rate
and use of the same rate.

                                                                        Page 17 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 3/24/2014
