                       FINAL MINUTES
Element and to focus on alternative modes of transportation. The City Staff
planned on designing a Residential Permit Parking program. There were
discussions planned on how to reform the Planned Community Zone and how
to create funding for parking lots and shuttles. There were 18 different Bike
Capital Improvement plans scheduled for 2014. Construction was to begin
on the California Avenue Streetscape project. Phase One of the downstream
portion of the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority project was a
notable discussion for 2014. This project discussed how Palo Alto addresses
potential funding challenges and permit issues. The Main Library was
scheduled to re-open in 2014. The airport planned transfer from the County
to the City was scheduled to take place. The Urban Forest Master Plan
drafted in 2013 was scheduled for adoption in the Parks and Recreation
Master plan.

ACTION ITEMS

2.   Election of the Mayor for 2014.

Mayor Scharff said Council Members were able to nominate themselves or
other Council Members for the position of Mayor; there was no second
required for the nomination. After collecting the nominations he planned on
inviting people to speak in the following order: Council Members who made
the nomination, Council Members that were nominated, any other Council
Members, and members of the public. After the discussion there would be a
vote for Mayor. The appointment of the Vice Mayor was to be handled in the
same way, and then the meeting was to be handed over to the new Mayor.

NOMINATION: Council Member Kniss nominated, seconded by Council
Member Klein to elect Vice Mayor Shepherd for Mayor for 2014.

Council Member Kniss noted that if Vice Mayor Nancy Shepherd was elected,
she would be the 12th woman Mayor.            She spoke about Vice Mayor
Shepherd’s history, experience, credentials, and qualifications. She felt that
the new Mayor needed to be tough and resilient, and that described Vice
Mayor Nancy Shepherd.

Council Member Klein agreed with Council Member Kniss and said one
problem that Council faced was meeting length. Vice Mayor Nancy Shepherd
was a good candidate because she responded to citizens, she reached out to
people, she was energetic, and was diplomatic regarding major issues that
faced the Council in past; she was able to disagree without being
disagreeable.
                                                                          Page 6 of 11
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 01/06/14
