                      FINAL MINUTES
sidewalk Ordinance. The Ordinance deleted the build-to line for roadways in
CS, CN, and CC Zones, except for El Camino Real properties. The Ordinance
required a 4 foot minimum setback at the ground floor to achieve a 12 foot
effective sidewalk and up to 10 foot setback to achieve an 18 foot sidewalk
width. The setback depended on context and allowed the ARB to have a role
in the decision. The Ordinance allowed upper floors and columns to be
placed closer to the street. The Ordinance contained a proposed definition of
effective sidewalk width. Part of the Ordinance included a definition for lot
area that addressed the easement across private property for a public
sidewalk. The Ordinance referenced Context-Based Design Criteria. The
FAR for 32 CN-zoned housing sites was different from items concerning
sidewalks. The FAR ranged from 1:1 to 0.8:1 inclusive of 0.4 residential if a
developer chose to increase density up to 20 units per acre.            Staff
recommended the Council adopt the Ordinance, defer adoption until issues
were reviewed during the Comprehensive Plan Update, or adopt a modified
Ordinance to delete the FAR change and to permit a 9 foot wide sidewalk
where appropriate for retail storefronts.

Randy Popp, Vice Chair of the Architectural Review Board, advised that the
Ordinance would make the experience of El Camino Real more enjoyable and
attractive for both vehicles and pedestrians. The ARB recommended a
minimum setback with a range. The ARB reviewed each project based on
context. El Camino Real contained a wide range of uses and conditions. No
one solution would fit all. The impacts and improvements the Ordinance
provided would be amplified at critical nodes and less so at connectors. The
Ordinance would help clarify and resolve the need for many exceptions. The
ARB hoped the regulations would make El Camino Real more of a boulevard.
On a project-by-project basis, the ARB anticipated a different design
approach for the street and upper levels. The entire concept was based on
maintaining all current development rights. This would improve the street
level and tree canopy as well. There was a subtle but added benefit of
additional sidewalk area. The ARB did not support reducing FAR when
providing 20 dwelling units per acre. Within the current boundaries of FAR,
unit size would be self-regulated. Reduced FAR would erase the benefit for
increased density by the nature of the demands imposed by parking
requirements. The ARB urged the Council not to include the limitation.

Arthur Keller, Vice Chair of Planning and Transportation Commission,
indicated the PTC suggested the Ordinance be deferred to the Our Palo Alto
process for the Comprehensive Plan Update. Some Commissioners felt
changes were needed for larger issues, such as consideration of taller
heights. Also Commissioners were concerned about the rights of property
owners. The minority view was that the Ordinance made simplifications and
improvements. For example, the current sidewalk width was a minimum of
                                                                           Page 9 of 26
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Final Minutes: June 2, 2014
