                     DRAFT MINUTES
Vice Mayor Kniss felt the Project was different because it concerned the
Baylands and a route for commuters.

Ms. O’Driscoll was not aware of any other competitions that had brought a
bridge into such a special place. A place was special to a community for
many reasons. The competition would approach the Project with the same
respect as for any special place.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted the cost was approximately $8-$10 million. She
inquired whether Staff felt $2 million in addition to the $8 million would be
enough.

Mr. Eggleston reported the Council approved a Project budget of $10 million.
The City was awarded $8 million in grant funding; the Council appropriated
some funds; the infrastructure funding plan approved in June 2014 added
funding to total $10 million. The cost estimate of $10 million was based on
preliminary information which was several years old. It did not include
escalation of construction costs.

Vice Mayor Kniss remarked the $10 million amount was not definite. In her
experience with juried competitions, design groups did not keep in mind the
cost. While an amount was not a part of the Motion, she wanted that
information in the record.

Council Member Scharff recalled that the Council had not discussed reasons
for changing the number of finalists from four to three. He inquired whether
the ARB wanted four finalists.

Mr. Lippert advised the ARB felt it was important to broaden the pool of
submissions to the public and ARB to demonstrate the process and design
availability.

Council Member Scharff believed the City’s Boards and Commissions had
expertise with design competitions. A goal of more participation and more
submissions was appropriate.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to have four total finalist teams.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF A SECOND.

Council Member Scharff expressed concerns about a public jury process.

Mr. Lippert was also concerned. Jurors needed to discuss designs and
persuade each other how to look at designs. The jury would rank the three

                                                                        Page 25 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
