                             MINUTES
Inclusion of Fire Station Number 4 on the project list recognized its
importance. The Committee believed the funding source for Fire Station
Number 4 would be rental revenues from the existing police station once the
new Public Safety Building was constructed. Construction of Fire Station
Number 4 would occur after construction of Fire Station Number 3, because
of the older age of Fire Station Number 3. Council Member Burt moved,
seconded by Council Member Berman, that the TOT Ordinance reflect
changes in the hospitality industry, such as online rentals.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the revised draft Infrastructure Project Funding Proposal
to include:

 1.   Retention of Fire Station 4 in the revised draft infrastructure project
      funding proposal;
 2.   Reduction of $1 million for the Bike/Pedestrian Plan;
 3.   Reduction of $4.6 million in parks catch-up;
 4.   Reduction of $0.8 million in Byxbee Park funding to be covered by
      other sources such as COPs and/or Development Impact Fees.

Council Member Berman felt the Committee had been responsible in
identifying funding sources and infrastructure projects. He was confident
the Council could identify sufficient funding for Fire Station Number 4 prior
to the beginning of construction.

Council Member Burt added that critical infrastructure projects would be
funded and the vast majority of funding was obtained through existing
revenues. The City had tripled funding for street paving and was more than
halfway through a complete transformation of streets.

Council Member Price inquired about the use of cash to minimize capitalized
interest costs for the Golf Course and about the mitigation payment plan
from the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA).

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director, reported the goal was
to advance monies from existing funds to cover the final design and
construction costs of the Golf Course without jeopardizing reserve funds for
other projects. Towards the end of the next fiscal year, the City would
borrow the total amount of construction costs for the Golf Course less the
JPA mitigation payment and funds received from taking dirt from other
projects. Proceeds from issuing bonds would replenish reserve funds.

Vice Mayor Kniss noted the community had seen a great deal of
improvement in streets, sidewalks, and bicycle and pedestrian access. She
                                                                       Page 13 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 06/09/14
