                             MINUTES
Eric Nickel, Fire Chief, answered yes. In January or February 2014, a
hydrogen transfer resulted in a water vapor. Neighbors called 911. The
dispatch center contacted CPI to confirm the incident but did not dispatch a
unit. That was not an appropriate response and actions had been taken to
correct it. The Fire Department responded to the area the previous Friday
evening to check on reports of smoke. The Fire Department had responded
immediately to other reports of odors from the neighborhood.

Council Member Berman believed it was important for the public to
understand the entire situation. While CPI had made changes to improve its
safety procedures, the community had changed as well. That type of facility
would no longer be allowed adjacent to a neighborhood. He expressed
concerns about the comprehensiveness of the Motion.

Council Member Holman recognized that CPI had been located in Research
Park for a long time; however, circumstances had changed. One of the
Council's responsibilities was public safety. Neighbors had rational fears.
She would support the Motion.

Council Member Scharff would not want to live in fear of smelling unusual
odors or of having only minutes to evacuate. He supported the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to: 1) identify uses from similar operations with
similar hazards; 2) identify additional incompatible adjacent uses (schools,
retail, restaurant); 3) identify appropriate volume of hazardous materials
thresholds and possibly establishing tiers in the Ordinance for facilities
covered; and 4) have AECOM review the ENVIRON analysis of the most
extreme risk scenario.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff spent a considerable amount of time reviewing
regulatory standards for hazardous materials. CalARP standards no longer
applied to CPI. Certified Unified Program Agency (CUPA) standards were too
low. Staff could not identify thresholds that logically separated acceptable
risks from unacceptable risks.       Staff could not identify quantities or
thresholds that made sense in a zoning context; therefore, Staff returned to
regulating by use.

Council Member Burt noted the Staff Report did not identify CUPA
thresholds. Use was not an adequately meaningful description. When Staff
returned, the Ordinance would be considered based on those issues.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the Staff Report discussed CUPA thresholds. Staff
identified 419 facilities with hazardous materials in Palo Alto, 268 of which
required Hazardous Materials Business Plans consistent with CUPA
                                                                       Page 30 of 35
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 10/06/14
