                             MINUTES
She stated that Council Member Schmid had asked if approving the fees
would also accept the fee rates in the tables. The Council should not accept
the other fees.

Mr. Keene asked if the Council was approving the other fees.

Mr. N. Perez answered no. Staff recommended adding the Public Safety
Facility and General Government Facilities fees to the list of fees.

Council Member Holman wished to ensure the Council was not accepting the
other fees.

Mr. Keene reported a Motion would not have the Council accept or
acknowledge existing fees. When the Council took a specific action on a
specific Motion, that action did not automatically readopt or acknowledge
every item in the Staff Report.

Council Member Holman asked about a means to arrive at some number that
was logical, defensible, and fair.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff and the consultant were clear that the existing
data and its alignment with the practice of setting fees supported the
recommendation. Staff acknowledged the potential to obtain refined data
that could support different conclusions in a year or two. Council Member
Scharff's point was slightly different and pertained to the amount of yield the
City could achieve over a 20-year period. The total amount of $96 million
included many projects on which fees could be collected for two years. After
two years, Staff could determine the nexus study was incorrect and
recommend adjusting the fee. Staff did not have a confident answer for
providing data methodology to support a significantly different conclusion.
The Council should proceed with the basic methodology for now or not
proceed.

Mayor Shepherd noted the City was not collecting the fee currently, and the
Council was not reviewing the methodology for collecting the fee. The
Council was directing Staff to draft an Ordinance. She asked if Council
Member Holman was concerned about the methodology. The breakdown
between residential and commercial was one element of that. She asked if
Council Member Holman was concerned about the calculation of the fee.

Council Member Holman was concerned about both aspects. She did not
wish to do nothing, but was having difficulty determining what to do.

Mayor Shepherd added that Staff would return with an Ordinance for Council
review.

11/03/2014                                                              116- 62
