                             MINUTES
Mr. Jeung answered no.

Council Member Burt asked if the 92 feet began at the CPI site or the edge
of either the plating facility or the cryogenic storage.

Mr. Jeung advised that the 92 feet was measured from the location of the
accident. In the referenced scenario, the accident occurred outside Building
2 where loading occurred.

Council Member Burt inquired about the distance from the occurrence site to
the nearest back fence of a residence.

Mr. Jeung clarified that loading occurred in the alleyway.

Council Member Burt inquired about the conditions for the 33-foot toxic
endpoint.

Mr. Jeung reported two scenarios were considered previously in the Risk
Management Plans of 2007 and 2008. Both cases assumed the storage
tanks ruptured.

County Member Burt recalled that the most extreme scenario of an
earthquake did not model an existing level of seismic protection. He asked
why did it not include that.

Mr. Jeung indicated Staff's first direction was to analyze a seismic event
sufficient to cause mixing of the chemicals from the two storage tanks. The
basic assumption was that two storage tanks would fail and the containment
barriers around each tank would fail. Otherwise, chemicals would not mix in
a fashion that allowed the release scenario to be evaluated.

Council Member Burt suggested AECOM analyzed a seismic event that was
not of a specific earthquake scale and not against a specific building.
Instead, AECOM analyzed some seismic event that would cause the
catastrophic failure; however, AECOM did not define the scale of the event
needed to collapse the building or where the seismic event might be
centered.

Mr. Jeung concurred. The starting point was a seismic event that resulted in
failure of the tanks and their containment barriers. There was no attempt to
identify the magnitude of that earthquake.

Council Member Burt inquired whether a different expert would be needed to
appraise the building and determine the level of an event necessary to cause
the building to collapse.

                                                                      Page 27 of 35
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 10/06/14
