                             MINUTES
Council Member Price stated she would not be supporting the Motion. She
felt once the election was certified the assignment options should be sent to
all seated Council Members so in January the elected Mayor had the
opportunity to begin the process of selection. There were options to have
three working business meetings in January given other days of the week.

Council Member Burt reiterated in the event of a major disaster there were
Council responsibilities outside of those of the City Manager. He agreed in
the event the Mayor and Vice Mayor would not be continuing in January of
the new year there needed to be a mechanism in place to address the
possibility of unusual circumstance. He asked if the current Mayor had the
authority to elect an acting Mayor for the duration of December 31st until the
selection process in January.

Ms. Stump clarified the Body had the ability to vote as a majority to make
interim appointments.

Council Member Burt suggested including this issue as part of the policies
reviewed to codify the Council procedures. During the 2014 season the
Council could take the matter up for discussion during the final business
meeting of the year.

Council Member Berman supported the Motion because he felt the process
created a better and more efficient schedule. He did not feel it was
necessary for new Council Members to wait so long before getting sworn in
and receiving the opportunity to get involved. A key role of appointing Mayor
and Vice Mayor was the opportunity for them to strategize over the holiday
break before the start of the new year.

Council Member Holman was not supporting the Motion. She believed the
Council protocols could address potential emergency situations.

Mayor Shepherd supported the Motion and agreed the additional time for the
Mayor and Vice Mayor would be of benefit for planning the upcoming year.

MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Berman, Klein, Schmid, Shepherd, yes

Council Member Schmid cited the Charter read “the initiatives were by
lottery” leaving the City Council to determine whether the lottery was from
the Secretary of State or local.

Ms. Stump stated traditionally the Council conducted their own City of Palo
Alto lottery or passed a Resolution adopting the Secretary of States lottery
which applied generally throughout the State.

06/16/2014                                                             115- 172
