                      FINAL MINUTES
Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council wished to take up the
remaining three items on the Agenda.

Council Member Klein suggested limiting Council discussion.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether the Council would support discussing each
item for only 15 minutes.

Council Member Scharff did not believe a 15-minute discussion was possible
as the Human Relations Commission's recommendation opposed the
Council's previous inclinations.

Mayor Shepherd recommended the Council discuss Agenda Item Number 12,
and then consider whether to discuss remaining items.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to discuss Agenda Item Number 12 prior to Agenda Item Numbers
10 and 11.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

INTER-GOVERNMENTAL LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS

12.   Resolution 9413 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Supporting Proposition 13 Reform.”

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, reported the Resolution did not
endorse specific changes to Proposition 13. The Resolution supported a
conceptual change to revise the commercial component of property tax
assessment.

Council Member Schmid explained that each year residents' share of
property tax increased despite the substantial increase in commercial space.
Residents increasingly subsidized the Budget. Any corporate structure could
avoid a corporate reassessment even though the use of the property could
change dramatically.

Ian Fregosi, Evolve, believed the State should address drastic Budget cuts
by raising revenue.     The fairest way to raise revenue was to reform
Proposition 13. Only large, nonresidential commercial property owners
would be affected. The structure of the current system was unfair to
individual taxpayers, schools, cities, and new businesses.



                                                                             Page 21 of 26
                                                              Special City Council Meeting
                                                                  Final Minutes: 5/12/13
