             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
Supervisor Simitian understood the process focused on voluntary efforts. No
one wanted to congregate all affordable housing in a few communities.
There were opportunities for collaboration.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the status of work on Oregon
Expressway.

Supervisor Simitian advised that a subcontractor failed to perform and was
six months behind schedule. The project should be finished in the next two
weeks. Improvements included dedicated left-turn lanes at a number of
intersections and improved traffic synchronization.

Mayor Shepherd was interested in thoughts from area Boards of Supervisors
regarding the SVLG tax proposal and the survival of Caltrain.

Supervisor Simitian commented that measures could be placed on a ballot
through different methods.      SVLG would utilize the method that most
accommodated its goals. At the first meeting in September 2014, he would
initiate a discussion of County needs and priorities and historical amounts of
funding provided to the area. He encouraged the community to participate
on one of the County's 70 Boards and Commissions.

CITY MANAGER COMMENTS

James Keene, City Manager, announced construction of the California
Avenue Streetscape Project was at the halfway point.               Given the
complexities of the project, Staff expected construction would be complete in
March 2015.      Mitchell Park Library would undergo a flushing of the
ventilation system in order to remove dust and odors from the facility. On
September 27, 2014, the City would celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the
British Invasion with a preview of the Mitchell Park Library and Community
Center. The Grand Opening Celebration of the Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center was scheduled for December 6, 2014. Staff was drafting
a compliance and enforcement plan for the Emergency Dry Year Water
Waste Restrictions adopted on August 4, 2014. Senior Engineer Mike
Nafziger of the Public Works Department developed a new and innovative
way to reuse groundwater removed during construction excavation of
basements. City Staff monitored traffic at the entrance to Palo Alto High
School and responded to minor problems on the first day of classes. The
Twilight Concert Series would conclude August 23, 2014 and feature local
teen bands.

Mayor Shepherd noted a new entrance to Gunn High School.


                                                                          Page 4 of 24
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
