                            MINUTES
5.   Approval of Contract Amendment No. One to Contract No. C13147733
     in the Amount of $216,532 with CH2M HILL Engineers, Inc. for Pre-
     design for the Thermal Hydrolysis Process Anaerobic Digestion Facility,
     Capital Improvement Program Project WQ-14001.

6.   Approval of a Master Network Hut License Agreement with Google
     Fiber.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Items Numbers 2-5: 9-0

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Number 6:                 6-0 Berman, Klein,
Shepherd not participating

ACTION ITEMS

7.   Adoption of Two Resolutions Related to Hourly Employees:            (1)
     Resolution 9450 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Approving a New Memorandum of Agreement with Service
     Employees’ International Union Local 521 for Represented Hourly
     Employees and Amending Section 1901 of the Merit System Rules and
     Regulations;” and (2) Resolution 9451 entitled “Resolution of the
     Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving a New Compensation Plan for
     Limited Hourly Employees.”

Council Member Burt recused himself from the item, because his child
worked for the City as a part-time employee during the summer months.

Kathy Shen, Chief People Officer, reported the City had two groups of hourly
employees. One was represented by the Service Employees' International
Union (SEIU) Hourly Unit; and one was unrepresented.               Generally
compensation plans for the two groups were similar, because job
classifications overlapped the two groups.       A three-year contract for
employees represented by the SEIU Hourly Unit contained a 2 percent
increase in base salary for each of the three years and a 9 percent increase
of the medical stipend. SEIU members had ratified the proposed contract.
The medical stipend did not apply to the unrepresented hourly group.
Otherwise, the contract contained identical terms for the two groups.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to
adopt two Resolutions related to hourly employees: 1) approving a new
Memorandum of Agreement with Service Employees’ International Union
Local 521 for represented hourly employees and amending section 1901 of


                                                                       Page 4 of 36
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 08/11/14
