                      FINAL MINUTES
produce energy, contrary to the fundamental concept of Measure E. With
the new OFP, the City should obtain new prices for tried-and-true
technologies. City ownership of two components would be less expensive
due to public financing options. Alternative 1 was to cancel the current RFP
and immediately issue a new RFP to implement Components 2 through 4.
The new RFP should clearly state the City favored use of the 3.8-acre portion
of the Measure E site for yard trimmings. The remaining alternatives were
essentially the same as presented on April 29, 2014. Meeting with partner
agencies would continue as there was no final project for them to approve.
An RFP for a program management firm was released in April 2014. The
issue of electricity pricing would be presented to the Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC) in July 2014.

Walt Hays was disappointed the initial RFP was rejected, but he understood
the reasoning. Implementing the intent of Measure E by favoring yard
trimmings on the 3.8-acre site was a key factor.

Bob Wenzlau supported the alternative recommendation. He requested
public input into the OFP. He preferred the design consider food waste from
the beginning. In-vessel composting should be avoided for yard waste. He
hoped the project would not be delayed further.

Carolyn Curtis indicated citizens wanted yard waste composting at the
Measure E site.

Peter Drekmeier hoped the Council would clearly indicate the Measure E site
was available for composting. It was important to combine biosolids and
food waste to take advantage of economies of scale. He wanted the Council
to issue a contract or contracts for the project by the end of 2014.

Linda Novich, Harvest Power, felt Harvest Power's joint proposal was faster
and safer. Harvest Power had a great deal of experience with processing
biosolids and food waste.

Emily Renzel supported Staff's original recommendation. If the Council did
not agree, it should consider Synagro. None of the proposals saved money.
Harvest Power's proposal failed to comply with Measure E and the RFP.

Matt Harris believed Palo Alto's composting requirements should be met
within the City's jurisdiction. The OFP should include an open-air aerobic
composting component.



                                                                           Page 8 of 26
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 5/12/13
