                             MINUTES
Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that the Council directed Staff to return
with the Ordinance. The Ordinance was enacted but never enforced. The
Council had to make a decision regarding the Ordinance and its future. It
was essentially a policy question for the Council. Staff expected a legal
challenge to any vehicle-type Ordinance that was retained after the court's
decision.   She and the City Manager recommended the Ordinance be
repealed. Should the Council wish to retain some regulation, the Council
should direct Staff to return shortly with an Ordinance carefully tailored to
the court's guidance.

James Keene, City Manager, reiterated that he and the City Attorney
recommended repeal of the Ordinance.

Winter Dellenbach hoped the Ordinance was repealed and not revised. Lack
of housing was an economic issue. If the Council wished to revise the
Ordinance, it should consider an approach that provided sustainable
assistance.

Cybele Laviuolo-Bhushan did not believe an Ordinance in any form was
necessary. She requested the Council repeal the Ordinance.

George Mills, Friends of Palo Alto, reported discrimination based on housing
status was prohibited. The Ordinance concerned homelessness, not vehicle
dwelling.

Diane Guinta urged the Council to repeal the Ordinance. The Ordinance
opposed the character of the City. Should problems recur, they could be
addressed by the Police Department.

Oliver Terry was homeless, a student at Foothill College, and working with
the Downtown Streets Team to locate housing. He did not want a criminal
record for being homeless.

Diane Jones explained that a vehicle was a good alternative when you were
too poor to afford a rental. She would lose her disability income if she were
convicted under the Ordinance, and her son would not be able to attend
college with a conviction.

Sea Reddy recommended the Council be proactive in trying to solve
homelessness. The community was also responsible for creating a solution.

Stephanie Munoz stated the Council had the right to determine where a
vehicle could or could not park. Car dwellers should be allowed to park at
Cubberley or in City parking garages.



11/17/2014                                                            116- 123
