                     DRAFT MINUTES
Molly Stump, City Attorney, added that Staff needed to meet with the
Council regarding litigation and a labor matter.

Mr. Keene indicated the Agenda for the September 15 meeting was
becoming full with scheduled and continued items.

Council Member Burt advised that the Council should lean on the side of a
public process absent a compelling reason. The response should clearly
accept responsibility and delineate corrective actions. The response was
legally defensible; however, the report was not a legal document. The
report was a critique of the Council's ethical conduct and obligations. The
Council disappointed the community and should accept responsibility for
that. He offered a personal apology for utilizing a process that was wrong.
He inquired whether the Mayor was willing to appoint a subcommittee to
consolidate Council comments and return to the Council on September 15
with a revised Council response.

Mayor Shepherd could do so; however, the City Manager would not be
present on September 15. She inquired about the deadline for the Council's
response.

Ms. Stump advised that the response was due September 18. The Council
would need to approve a response on or before September 17.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked who received the response as the Grand Jury had
been disbanded.

Ms. Stump explained that the Grand Jury was an informational body. The
Grand Jury issued a report at the end of its term. The City's response was
also informational and would be filed with the Superior Court. There would
be no further action once the response was filed with the Superior Court.

Vice Mayor Kniss reiterated that the response terminated the interaction
between the Grand Jury and the Council.

Ms. Stump clarified that there was not literally interaction between the
Council and the Grand Jury. The response would likely be posted on the
Court's website next to the report.

Mayor Shepherd asked if the City Manager would be unavailable for the
remainder of the week.

Mr. Keene replied that he would be unavailable the following week.

Mayor Shepherd proposed a subcommittee work with the City Manager
during the week to revise the response.
                                                                        Page 31 of 40
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 09/08/14
