                      FINAL MINUTES
require a city to issue permits for housing projects, particularly affordable
housing projects, until a Housing Element was certified. If the City did not
obtain a certified Housing Element by the deadline, the compliance period for
the subsequent Housing Element was four years rather than eight years.

Vice Mayor Kniss found the concept of second units interesting.    She
concurred with moving toward more housing in Downtown as the area was
in demand. Perhaps that discussion could be a part of the Our Palo Alto
initiative and update of the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Schmid noted the Administrative Draft lacked certain
sections, such as financial resources. An older Housing Element stated local
resources came from residential in-lieu fees and commercial in-lieu fees.
According to a recent report to the Finance Committee, the residential in-lieu
fund balance comprised 60 percent of the total. That amount implied that
the existing Housing Element asked residential housing to pay the majority
of local contributions to affordable housing. He inquired about the content of
the Updated Housing Element.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff needed to revise some portions of the
Administrative Draft. The City collected more housing impact fees from
commercial projects than from residential projects, because there were more
commercial projects. A nexus study currently underway would allow Staff to
examine and update the impact fee approach for housing. If there were
inequities in the impact fee program, then Staff could update impact fees.

Mr. Wong added that Sterling Park was involved in litigation with the City
regarding fees. Sterling Park paid $3.6 million in in-lieu housing fees;
however, those fees were held in escrow until litigation could be resolved.

Council Member Schmid recalled three reports in the previous two weeks
stated residential development impact fees and housing in-lieu fees were
higher than commercial. Staff should provide other numbers prior to the
Council approving resources available for affordable housing.

Mr. Wong could provide fund balances for the past two years that would
clearly demonstrate collection of commercial in-lieu fees was much higher
than residential in-lieu fees.

Council Member Schmid struggled with locating dense housing in the center
of life and activity. So many housing units were identified in the Downtown
and California Avenue area. He wondered if the method for calculating
assessed valuation limited the assessed valuation criteria. Land valuation
tended to be low when there was little turnover.

                                                                           Page 13 of 14
                                                            Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 06/04/14
