                     FINAL MINUTES

Vice Mayor Kniss clarified that the Motion addressed the number of Council
seats, term limits, and compensation. The Committee could address other
issues as well.

Council Member Klein suggested the Motion direct the Committee to consider
and recommend any or all items mentioned in the Staff Report.

Vice Mayor Kniss concurred.

Council Member Klein encouraged Council Members not to address specific
items in order to have a full discussion after the Committee made its
recommendations.       The Council needed public input and additional
information prior to taking positions.

Council Member Burt discouraged the Committee from making too many
changes as issues needed considerably more vetting.           If there were
wholesale changes, he would prefer a Charter review committee.          He
supported decoupling the issues. Language to correct ambiguities in the
Charter could be placed in one ballot measure. Seven Council Members
would likely lead to more efficient and effective government. Compensation
should not be considered until the public provided input regarding the
number of Council seats.        Incumbency had advantages as did fresh
viewpoints. Two terms limits appeared to be effective for the City.

Council Member Scharff asked when the Committee would meet.

Mayor Shepherd replied May 20, 2014.

Council Member Scharff suggested the Committee could need more than one
meeting for discussion.

Mayor Shepherd wanted the Committee to make recommendations to the
Council on or before June 16, 2014 so that the Council could discuss
recommendations thoroughly prior to August 8.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Committee could direct the
City Attorney to draft language.

Mayor Shepherd explained that if the Council did not have draft language for
discussion on June 16, 2014, then the Council would have to review
language at the meeting scheduled for August 4, 2014.


                                                                          Page 18 of 26
                                                           Special City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 5/12/13
