            DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
total delay. The Council was interested in not only the time to install PGS
but also the time to install the second phase.

Ms. Gitelman did not have a precise schedule. Issuing two solicitations
required more time and energy than one solicitation. The sum total of time
required under Option 1 would be somewhat longer than under Option 2.

Mr. Keene added that there would be overlap between the two solicitations.

Council Member Berman believed Access and Revenue Control technology
would provide a marginal benefit. PGS added ease to finding available
parking spaces.  Other benefits occurred through Access and Revenue
Controls.

Ms. Sullivan concurred. People liked PGS; however, PGS did not provide the
biggest impact on parking.

Council Member Berman felt the RPP Program rather than PGS would drive
increased utilization of garages. He was not in a rush to implement PGS.
Integrating PGS with Revenue and Access Controls initially was more logical.
He felt the concern over gated garages was overblown as gates were
commonly used in garages. He preferred not to install parking meters.
Gateless technology was not proven and probably not necessary.           He
inquired whether a Council decision to utilize gates would shorten the delay
period.

Ms. Gitelman wanted to issue a solicitation in order to obtain more data to
make that decision. The item was focused on garages, and Staff had not
considered systems to use in other locations and when to implement those
systems.

Council Member Berman suggested parking limits in surface lots remain at
two hours. He asked when the Council would discuss instituting Valet Assist
Programs in other garages.

Ms. Sullivan advised that Staff could return with a discussion in October or
November 2014 along with a discussion of the RPP Program.

Council Member Berman inquired whether Staff would have sufficient time to
implement valet parking with the RPP Program in that timeframe.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the City's contract included the ability to add
structures.

Council Member Holman inquired about the $1.5 million amount mentioned
earlier.
                                                                        Page 16 of 24
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Minutes: 08/18/14
