                            MINUTES

MINUTES APPROVAL

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the Minutes of April 21, 2014.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

CONSENT CALENDAR

Mayor Shepherd announced public speakers could address only removing
Agenda Item Number 9 from the Consent Calendar and not the appeal itself.
The appeal would be heard on June 23, 2014.

Ree Dufresne asked the Council to remove Agenda Item Number 9 from the
Consent Calendar so that the public could address the issue and Council
Members could ask questions.

Robert Moss spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 9. He advised that the
presence of hazardous materials was not adequately discussed in the Staff
Report. The Council should address potential hazardous materials. Until
testing could be performed, the presence of TCE and health hazards were
unknown.

Chris Withman, Mayfield Development Agreement Projects Manager, spoke
regarding Agenda Item Number 9. He reported Stanford University met with
residents, the Fire Department, City Staff, development review committees,
the Architectural Review Board, and the Planning and Transportation
Commission.     Stanford University received and responded to extensive
comments and requirements. The project had been thoroughly vetted by
City Staff, was responsive to all requirements established by the City, and
complied with all applicable Codes and Ordinances. The Architectural Review
Board and the Planning and Transportation Commission unanimously
recommended approval.

Fred Balin indicated that Agenda Item Number 9, appeal concerned safety
within the project. In November 2013 the Council adopted the State Fire
Code which clearly provided options to meet the turnaround provision on
dead-end streets.     However, the City argued that the clearly stated
turnaround requirements could be replaced by a "reach it with a hose"
requirement, so that none of the specified turnaround options was required.
With regard to minimum street width when hydrants were present, another
generally accepted interpretation was employed, use of rolled curbs. Rolled

                                                                      Page 8 of 35
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 06/09/14
