Mayor Shepherd announced the meeting would be turned over to Vice Mayor
Kniss for discussion to authorize Staff to expand parking permit sales to
South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) Business District Employees at the Lot CC –
Civic Center and Lot CW – Cowper Street/Webster Street parking garages.

Mayor Shepherd recused herself from a discussion of Lot CW – Cowper
Street/Webster Street parking garages as her husband had a lease close to
the garage.

Council Member Scharff recused himself from a discussion of Lot CW –
Cowper Street/Webster Street parking garages because he owned property
near the garage.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Price to direct Staff to authorize permit sales to South of Forest Avenue
(SOFA) Employees at Lot CW – Cowper/Webster immediately.

Council Member Burt requested that Staff elaborate on reasons for including
Lot CW.

Mr. Keene reported the City had more flexibility with respect to opening up
permit sales for garages, but a series of stakeholder conversations was
needed. Lots CC and CW were City garages and not part of the Assessment
District. That was the main reason for suggesting both of them.

Ms. Gitelman added that Lot CC had a waiting list, while Lot CW did not.
Pairing the two would be useful.

Council Member Holman asked if permit sharing could be utilized at Lot CW.

Ms. Gitelman indicated permit sharing would not be available until
technology solutions were implemented.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Scharff, Shepherd not participating

Due to the time constraints it was determined that Item Number 9A
(formerly Item Number 5) would be heard at a later date.

9A.   (Former Agenda Item No. 5) Staff Recommends that City Council
      Authorize the City Manager to Enter into an Agreement with the
      Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board to Introduce the Caltrain Go
      Pass into the Civic Center Transportation Demand Management
      Program.


                                                                      Page 36 of 37
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 2/10/14
