                             MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz was surprised to discover the shuttle was a full-fledged
transportation system. Transportation systems and density were symbiotic.
People would be angry and disappointed if commercial development had to
be permitted in order to pay for a transportation system.      To obtain
community support, the Council should oppose the extension of High Speed
Rail from San Jose to San Francisco.

Sea Reddy questioned whether the Council knew what the community
wanted. The Comprehensive Plan needed to be updated more often than
every 20 years. The Council could provide incentives for people to provide
input. The Council should understand what the community wanted and
implement that.

Ellen Forbes, League of Women Voters President, supported the Council's
efforts to align the Comprehensive Plan with current civic priorities. She
requested the Council work effectively to complete the Comprehensive Plan
without undue delay.

Herb Borock indicated the community was divided with respect to whether
development had implemented or ignored the Comprehensive Plan. He read
the definition of retail services from the Zoning Code.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if there was a date on the definition of retail
services.

Mr. Borock advised that the definition was currently effective.

Vice Mayor Kniss inquired about the date the section was written and made
law.

Mr. Borock stated the printed version of the Zoning Code indicated the last
Ordinance update was Number 5059 in 2009.

Mayor Shepherd inquired whether Staff had sufficient information to prepare
for the November 17, 2014 meeting. The Council did not discuss in-depth
items B, C, D. and E, except for the concept of a matrix rather than
scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman wanted to assimilate Council Member comments and discuss
them with the City Manager and City Attorney. Staff would respond to
questions they were not able to answer and return with the six-part Motion
adjusted to reflect Council comments.

Mayor Shepherd asked if Staff would seek additional direction or definitive
action at the November 17 meeting.


11/03/2014                                                          116- 51
