                              MINUTES
Mr. Jeung indicated Council Member Burt was leading him into the seismic
evaluation prepared by CPI. In response to the scenario, CPI attempted to
evaluate the seismic load required to cause the building's collapse. The
study evaluated the probability of such an earthquake occurring.

Council Member Burt assumed the evaluation included the scale of an
earthquake at some distance from the facility. He asked if AECOM reviewed
the study and could provide comments on it.

Mr. Jeung did review the document. The basic conclusion was that the
approach was logical. The methodology used in the CPI report made sense.
The conclusions were rational.       However, there were no drawings,
calculations, or information that would allow him to verify the calculations.
He identified some areas where additional information and context would be
beneficial.

Council Member Price recalled Ms. Gitelman's comment that an expert would
be needed for peer review of the two amortization analyses.

Ms. Gitelman advised the City hired an expert to prepare an amortization
study. Subsequently, CPI hired an expert to prepare an amortization study
and it reached a different conclusion. An expert would be needed to
reconcile the conclusions of those studies. The expert could also review any
other facilities that could be affected by zoning changes.

Council Member Price expressed concern about deficiencies identified in the
many studies and reports.

MOTION: Council Member Price moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Kniss to
direct Staff to prepare a draft Ordinance for review by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and consideration by the City Council in
early 2015. The Ordinance should amend the list of uses in the Zoning Code
to explicitly identify plating shops, prohibit plating shop uses within a specific
distance of residential uses and residential zoning districts, and incorporate
an amortization schedule based on updated information on the value of
affected investments.

Council Member Price believed people would continue to disagree regarding
the findings, outcomes, and implications of the reports.        The most
reasonable   and   compassionate    approach was      to   follow  Staff's
recommendation.     The Ordinance should protect the community and
neighbors.   The Council needed a thorough analysis to provide an
appropriate amortization period. This type of use immediately adjacent to
community members was unsafe. Palo Alto was at risk for an earthquake.

                                                                           Page 28 of 35
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 10/06/14
