                      FINAL MINUTES
Council Member Schmid presumed that amount would be paid by Palo Alto
rather than Mountain View. The Staff Report mentioned a creek diversion
associated with the 1-percent grade alternative, but not the 2-percent grade
alternative.

Mr. Canepa explained that creeks were used as controlling factors for each
layout of the trench. The study discussed the potential for diverting a creek,
which could save a couple hundred feet in the 2-percent grade alternative.

Council Member Schmid referred to Packet Page 356 regarding a reduced
environmental impact specifically related to impacts on the water table.

Mr. Hackmann clarified that the reference to the water table was not about
the creeks but about excavating the land and the effect of placing concrete
in the flow of water underground.

Council Member Schmid inquired about the financial impact of that.

Mr. Hackmann noted it would be more of an environmental impact to the
water table.

Council Member Schmid assumed there would be a mitigation cost for
installing wider concrete culverts.

Mr. Canepa indicated the matter had to be studied by a hydrogeologist. He
was not aware of exact mitigations for the issue.

Council Member Schmid asked if the 1-percent grade alternative was a more
complicated environmental issue.

Mr. Canepa responded yes.

Council Member Burt commented that the taking of homes in a depressed or
overhead separation would be critical. The Council should consider the
political repercussions of taking 34 homes. If Caltrain had to expand
capacity to accommodate growth, then crossings would need to be
separated. That would result in a much higher likelihood of trenching. To
utilize a 2-percent grade alternative, moving from heavy to lighter freight
was an alternative as was a short-haul carrier. A different freight scenario
south of Redwood City and then north of Redwood City was an option. If
taking homes was a political infeasibility and trenching was a necessity, then
the funds would come from sources that actually needed additional capacity.
With respect to the Churchill Avenue issue, the Council could consider a
hybrid partial trench and partial overpass as an alternative. The Council
needed to begin the CSS process soon in order to work at a proper pace.

                                                                          Page 19 of 35
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 10/20/14
