                             MINUTES

Mayor Shepherd noted the recommended Motion was broad.

Council Member Holman wanted to ensure Staff had clear guidance. The
purpose statement should be placed at the beginning and should read, "The
purpose of this Chapter is to establish a regulatory mechanism to maintain
an accurate record of entities conducting business in the City. Statistics
collected will be utilized in informing both (a) and (l) in Section 1." Section
1 was quite good. Section 1(a) was unclear. The transportation program
should be a separate paragraph. She concurred with comments regarding
including nonprofit agencies. With respect to the questions, start date in
Palo Alto should be second to business name. Business type should include
a list of types for businesses to check.

Mr. Keene recalled Mr. Fehrenbach agreed to that change.

Council Member Holman concurred with obtaining ZIP Codes for workers.
Number of workers onsite should be broken into fulltime workers on a typical
business day and total workers on a typical business day. Square footage
occupied onsite could be interpreted in a variety of ways and should be
clarified.

Council Member Berman requested information about the TMA survey.

Mr. Fehrenbach indicated Staff was working on a TMA survey, but was not
aware of a timeline for it.

Council Member Berman felt the top priority was implementing the Business
Registry in early 2015. The program should be easy to complete, perhaps
contain check boxes, and have clear instructions. Questions should include
ZIP Codes for workers. Staff should discuss confidentiality of information
with the business community. He would question the need for a Program
Assistant III.

Council Member Burt recommended Staff provide alternative Ordinances if
there was a lack of clarity regarding Council consensus. Section 1(a) of the
Ordinance should state land uses rather than land use trends. He requested
Staff clarify how the Business Registry was intended to assist businesses and
residents in locating services and goods closer to home. Staff should be able
to verify electronically that businesses had registered. Confidentiality of new
businesses could be a real concern. Perhaps a landlord could provide
alternative reporting, so that data could be provided without breaching
confidentiality. He was interested in comparing the City's questions with
questions asked by other cities and successful TDM programs. In Phase 2, a
                                                                         Page 18 of 31
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 09/22/14
