                             MINUTES
MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

9.   Resolution 9460 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Establishing the Enforcement Process for Violations of the Three
     Outdoor Water Use Restrictions Adopted by Council on August 4, 2014
     (Resolution 9449).”

Nicolas Procos, Senior Resources Planner, reviewed mandatory and
voluntary water reductions instituted since January 2014. By the end of
June, significant water use reductions were occurring. Staff increased
communications and educational programs for water conservation, increased
rebate programs, and instituted new water efficiency programs. Residents
of Palo Alto exceeded the 10 percent goal through July 2014.              City
operations reduced water use by 25 percent. Through July 2014, overall
Palo Alto water consumption decreased by 13.1 percent. On August 4,
2014, the Council adopted two water use restrictions from the State Water
Resources Control Board (Water Board) and initiated the irrigation
restriction. Staff was tracking violations and was aware of approximately 50
violations. Staff was in the process of hiring a water waste coordinator. For
first and second violations, Staff contacted the customer. For the third
violation, Staff sent a certified letter from the Utilities Director. With the
fourth violation, fines were imposed. Staff did not anticipate needing to
impose fines; however, they needed authority to impose fines.              The
Municipal Code contained mechanisms for imposing fines for violation of
water use restrictions. Staff recommended the Council make the additional
Water Board violations and the outdoor water use restriction subject to a
$100 per day fine. Staff would continue customer outreach, conservation
incentives, education, and monthly reporting while completing the recycled
water EIR (Environmental Impact Report).

Rita Vrhel was outraged that people continued to disregard efforts to
conserve water. She proposed Staff implement a hotline to report water
users, cease watering turf in the parkway, and institute a fine of $500.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
adopt the Resolution establishing the enforcement process for violations of
the outdoor water use restrictions adopted by Council on August 4, 2014
(Resolution 9449).

Vice Mayor Kniss agreed a phone number to report water waste would be
helpful.

Mayor Shepherd asked if there was such a phone line.


                                                                        Page 15 of 21
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 09/15/14
