                             MINUTES
Roberta Ahlquist believed the City was suffering a housing crisis. Housing
had been replaced by commercial development, and rental rates were
increasing rapidly. The Park was critical to providing racial and class
diversity.

Sue Eldredge advised that Park families and students were a special and
important part of the community. Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
and area Parent Teacher Associations (PTA) supported retaining Park
residents in Palo Alto. The Council should hold a hearing to hear from all
parties and the public.

Jeff Greenfield felt most Palo Alto residents were not familiar with Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park. The Park was an important component of the
community. He supported the Council holding a hearing.

Ken Dauber, speaking as an individual, reported the Hearing Officer
excluded the value of schools from compensation. The Council should
instruct attorneys to provide information it needed to assess fairly the value
of schools to Park residents. Real property values reflected the high value of
Palo Alto schools.

Winter Dellenbach, Friends of Buena Vista, did not believe the Council would
deny Park residents due process by denying the appeal. Staff's draft appeal
procedures were intended to provide general guidelines for conducting the
appeal and could be modified by the Council.

Ruth Lowy urged the Council to allow the appeal and hoped the Council
could find a reasonable balance between the rights of the Park owner and
Park residents.

Samina Faheem related her story of finding rental housing in Palo Alto and
volunteered to coordinate a fundraising effort to save the Park.

Jeff Rensch felt the community as a whole would be damaged by the closure
of the Park. An appeal was an opportunity to discuss the issues at length.

George Irwin was proud of the diversity provided by Park residents.       The
City should find a way to keep the Park open.

Don Anderson was disappointed by the technical nature of discussions when
Park residents were losing their homes. The Council and community could
do more than review technicalities.




01/12/2015                                                             116- 315
