                             MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
             Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Study Session on Shuttle and Rideshare Program for the Future
      (Continued from February 2, 2015).

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
the City had a vision for a multimodal transportation system. The Council
had supported significant investment in implementing the Bicycle and
Pedestrian Transportation Plan, forming a Transportation Management
Association (TMA), implementing advanced traffic signal systems, and
implementing parking management programs. The existing shuttle program
combined community shuttles and last-mile shuttles. Regional services are
provided by the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) and
Stanford University. Based on prior Council direction, Staff had undertaken
a number of near-term improvements to the shuttle program. Staff hoped
to initiate a new west shuttle route once private-sector or grant funds were
obtained. In addition, Staff was working on live tracking of shuttles and a
mobile application and was increasing frequency of the Crosstown Route.
The contract with the shuttle provider expires in 2017; therefore, the City
had approximately 1 1/2 years to test pilot programs.

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer, invited the Council to provide its
thoughts, aspirations, and expectations for future transportation efforts.
The question was how to make transportation more convenient such that no
one would need to drive.          Without that convenience, mode shifts in
transportation would not occur. Local government's role in transportation
was not necessarily as a service provider. Private-sector transportation was
experiencing a flurry of activity.

Local governments needed agility in service delivery and in the governance
process. There was interest in exploring single subscription access to all
transportation modes.

Council Member Kniss was concerned that the sharing economy was not
sharing with cities with respect to taxes. Before committing to a long-term


03/02/2015                                                            117- 28
