                          TRANSCRIPT
at the Business Registry Staff. Just to give you an idea of sort of what's
possible in terms of geographically mapping where these businesses are,
this is just a snapshot from September 2nd, showing you kind of where
those businesses are located. Ultimately, this is the type of analysis that we
would like to provide on an automatic basis. Like I said, we received several
hundred communications with businesses regarding this program. I would
say that most of the concerns and feedback that we heard could be
summarized in these three buckets. Certainly some concern with specific
questions, especially our request for a Federal Employment Identification
Number. That, I think, is especially true for those sole proprietors who use
their Social Security number as their FEIN. Also questions relating to
parking, there was an enormous amount of confusion. We did enact some
help texts to try to help people understand what exactly we were asking for.
Ultimately, I think it is a really confusing question in this environment. The
other two buckets were just the expression of hardship for the Business
Registry fee, especially for the very small businesses, the very small
nonprofits and religious organizations. Lastly, I think there was a number of
user issues as far as the experience itself. We had anticipated having a
process in place for folks who didn't have a computer, folks who didn't have
an email address. We were frankly surprised by the number of folks who
required a paper process and check payment.             That caused us some
spreading thin of Staff as we moved through the Phase 1. In terms of Phase
2, what we're really here to discuss tonight is what the Council, I think, had
originally envisioned was returning in Phase 2, really honing in on the data
set itself, what analytics we want to develop. I think it also gives us the
opportunity to address some of the user experience issues and make some
additional improvements to our administrative processes. We, as part of
Phase 1, really did develop the renewal process. We're in the final stages of
testing that which we'll launch early next year. We want to make sure that
that is included as part of any Phase 2 changes. We're also here to seek the
Council's—any additional direction you may have in terms of enforcement.
Again, the enhancements to reporting, if there's certain things that the
Council is really, really interested in seeing within what's possible within the
data set, we'd love that feedback tonight. Lastly, returning to Council with a
plan for integrating further permits. Really, I think the timeline for Phase 2
would be get your direction and discussion tonight; begin immediately in
terms of any of the additional contract amendments or staffing proposals
that need to come back to Council and hopefully have those done by
October; launch Phase 2, complete Phase 2 by spring of 2016. Within that,
have a plan then for launching what would be Phase 3, the integration of
other permits. In terms of our recommendations, they fall into several
buckets. The first would be exemptions. We are recommending that Council
exempt very small nonprofits, very small businesses, religious organizations
that do not have a business associated onsite such a daycare or elsewise,
                                                                         Page 11 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
