                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I believe in residential districts the term is family daycare.
That would not be affected if we call this daycare center.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

AMENDMENT: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois, to add to the Motion, “to add automotive services to the definition of
retail-like uses in Municipal Code Section 18.85.101 (b).”
Council Member Scharff: It's better practice to vote on all these things.

Council Member Filseth: It seems artificial to me to allow an automotive
dealership that has a service bay, but not allow an automotive service place
by itself that doesn't sell cars. It seems inconsistent to me.

Council Member DuBois: We're also losing a lot of our automotive service
locations. They're tending to convert to office. It's worth protecting, so that
people don't have to drive out of town, to Mountain View or Redwood City,
to service their automobile.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to quickly support what's been said. A reminder
to folks, we went through this exercise several years ago about protecting
dealerships and automotive services. We have an overlay that supports
those uses and yet we're allowing them to disappear. It seems very
schizophrenic.   We're losing our automotive services pretty regularly,
including near Downtown. I will support this.

Council Member Scharff: If I could speak one second. I just want to say if
you all get electric cars, we don't need automotive services.

Mayor Holman: That's not coming tomorrow. Did City Attorney decide if we
needed eight votes to pass an Amendment or not?

Ms. Stump: If you don't have eight votes, then you won't have eight votes
for your final Ordinance.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 7-2 Berman, Scharff no

AMENDMENT: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois, to add to the Motion, “to add service stations to the definition of
retail-like uses in Municipal Code Section 18.85.101 (b).”
Council Member Filseth: A gas station seems like a retail thing to me. You
pull in, you buy gas, you pay money, you leave.

Council Member Burt: I agree that that is purchasing of goods.          We may
have some services that also occur there.
                                                                         Page 47 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
