                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Fehrenbach: Yes. At the launch of the Business Registry on March 2nd,
we received a flurry of complaints regarding the FEIN especially as it related
to—and so it was decided that it would be made an optional question.

Council Member Burt:         I do agree that some of the most valuable
information we were seeking related to information that our TMA, our
Transportation Management Agency, would want to know. How many
employees are there, how do they get there, where do they park. Maybe we
can't capture all that, but I share Council Member Wolbach's concerns about
dropping the parking questions. I think we need to look at how we improve
the questions to get more valuable information that's easy for people to be
able to provide to us. Thanks. I think we also need to figure out a way to
be able to spot check reliability of the information. That can be done with a
statistical sampling, and we can get a sense of how reliable it is. I'm also
sharing Vice Mayor Schmid's concern as to whether we have a reconciliation
between what other databases say are the number of employees and what
we're getting here. If you're saying you have almost all the large employers
and yet we don't have anywhere near as many employees as we projected,
something's not reconciling there in an important way. It's not just a
missing data piece; it goes to the reliability of the information altogether. I
think we can find out some of that, once again, through sampling. You don't
have to go and—to identify your problem, you don't have to check the entire
database. You may have to then figure out a way to re-approach that
database to resolve the problem, but not to know and define—wait a minute,
this information is unreliable here, it's off by this much. Somebody's given
us either wrong information or whatever.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, I think there might be other Council
Members who might want a second cut. Your time has run out. I have just
a couple or three questions and comments.          One is I pulled up the
Colleagues Memo. It's always good to, when something is generated by a
Colleagues Memo, to include the Colleagues Memo in the Staff Report. I
pulled it up, and this goes to Council Member Scharff's question about what
the purpose of this was and suggesting that we're not going to collect like
ZIP Codes and the parking information. The background and discussion on
the Colleagues Memo was impacts of commercial development activity such
as traffic and parking impacts are at the forefront of community concerns.
The City Council made addressing these issues a Council Priority in 2013 and
again in 2014. The Memo was written in 2014. However, the City lacks
adequate, reliable and updated data to analyze the issues, structure best
policies or programs and to measure their effects. Palo Alto is one of the
few cities without blah, blah, blah. We need critical information about the
characteristics of businesses in the community for purposes such as
informing zoning decisions and public safety planning and service responses.
                                                                        Page 26 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
