                              MINUTES
Council Member Filseth believed the Council's policies had to guide the
prioritization of projects. The list was valuable as a way for the Council to
formulate and articulate macro priorities. He felt street resurfacing and cut-
through traffic was more important than attracting new business to Palo
Alto. Street resurfacing had ramifications for infrastructure and cut-through
traffic for parking. The Council could state their priorities and see how those
priorities mapped to projects on the list.

Vice Mayor Schmid recommended the Council move to Agenda Item Number
2.

Mr. Keene would take the Council's input and revise the list. Perhaps the list
could include the concept of forced trade-offs.

Council took a break at 10:46 A.M. and returned at 10:58 A.M.

2.    Council Annual Priorities Setting.

Mayor Holman noted the Council had received written submissions for
Council Priorities from the public.

Penny Ellson stated the Bike and Pedestrian Plan fit into a larger multimodal
puzzle. Most Bike Boulevard projects addressed multimodal needs. The City
needed to communicate the benefits being delivered to all road users
through projects. She hoped the Council would prioritize a commitment to
implementing a vision for multimodal mobility management.

Jeff Hoel supported Citywide Fiber to the Premises (FTTP). Perhaps the City
could experiment with Fiber to the Premises in the coming year. The Council
and the public should be made aware of discussions held by the Citizens
Advisory Committee on Fiber to the Premises.

Lynn Huidekoper was disappointed by the exclusion of social services from
the list of Priorities. The Council should encourage the Human Relations
Commission to address any issue within its purview.

Richard Brand concurred with Mr. Hoel's comments to emphasize Fiber to
the Premises over wireless. FTTP should be the Priority, with wireless being
built upon FTTP.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
have Land Use and Multimodal Transportation as a Priority.

Mayor Holman remarked that the Council had to address many land use
items, all of which affected transportation initiatives.

                                                                          Page 6 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/31/2015
