                         TRANSCRIPT
types of travelers, pedestrians, cars and bike users. Thanks to Hillary and
Josh and the transportation team there. Secondly, we are going to have a
Study Session for the Council related to the Infrastructure Plan and actually
an item related to the Public Safety Building in your December 14th Council
meeting. I think, as you know, Staff started working over the summer on
site assessments for placing the new Public Safety Building and parking
garages on Lot C6 and C7 between California and Sherman Avenues. This
site and the upcoming assessment were discussed at a Study Session you
had back in May of 2015. We have scheduled a community meeting on
Wednesday, November 18th, from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. at the Escondido
Elementary School to brief the public and hear input about the site
assessment. Our Staff will also be working closely with the Cal. Avenue
Merchants Association in advance of coming to the Council on December 14.
There is a dedicated webpage for the project at the cityofpaloalto.org
website. That would be /publicsafetybuilding where you and the public could
get some more information. PG&E tree removal update. All of the Council
has certainly seen or heard reports and you've heard from residents who are
concerned about PG&E's proposal to remove potentially hundreds of trees as
part of its Community Pipeline Safety Initiative related to its main gas
transmission lines throughout the state. Late last week we heard from
citizens who'd been asked to sign a PG&E tree removal contract. We posted
on our social media channels and via Nextdoor City recommendations for
residents not to enter into any agreements or sign any type of action
documents or plans with PG&E at this time. Our Staff did have a meeting
with PG&E this afternoon to talk about next steps and where we stand. We
are planning for a community meeting with PG&E that we requested. We
will have that meeting sometime in early December, and I will advise the
Council and you can inform the community more specifically about the date
and location on that when we have it. The first neighborhood Town Hall, as
a response to the Council's initiative to strengthen City engagement with
neighborhoods, will be held this Thursday, November 12th, from 7:00 to
9:00 p.m. at Duveneck Elementary School. It involves the Crescent Park,
Duveneck, Saint Francis and Triple L neighborhoods, Leland Manor included
in there. The idea from your directive is that we will have a number of Town
Hall meetings over the next year in different neighborhoods.            Council
Members will rotate in terms of attendance. For this first meeting on
Thursday, November 12th, Mayor Holman, Council Member Eric Filseth and
Council Member Pat Burt will be in attendance at that meeting. We look
forward to a good conversation on issues of importance to our
neighborhoods. The second meeting in south Palo Alto—I'll give a more
specific update at a future meeting—is scheduled for December 3rd. We're
still trying to nail down the location for that meeting. This morning's rain is
a reminder that we definitely may have some winter storms this year. We're
continuing our efforts to prepare for a heavy rainfall this winter. There are a
                                                                             Page 4 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
