                         TRANSCRIPT
procedural requirements. Jon Abendschein mentioned to the Council and
the public one of the substantive requirements, which we did have some
court guidance on earlier this spring.           There are also procedural
requirements. Very briefly, those require that the City provide a notice of
potential rate increases, and then hold the protest hearing. That will happen
tonight. The hearing will be opened. It will be closed next week at the end
of the second item on water rates on June 15th. At the end of that time,
there will be a majority protest procedure, which means that if 50 percent
plus one of the affected customers and property owners have filed signed,
written protests against the proposed rate increases, then those rate
increases cannot be imposed by the Council. These are requirements of our
California Constitution adopted by the voters in 1996. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Before we begin the public hearing, let me explain the
process. All residents and interested persons will have an opportunity to
provide testimony this evening on the water rates. To be a valid protest to
the proposed rate increases, it must be in writing, signed and submitted to
the City Clerk before the close of the hearing. The protest must also identify
the parcel and the rate being protested. The City Clerk will accept written
protests until the public hearing on this matter is closed. Protestors can
submit comments at this meeting or on June 15th. At the conclusion of this
public hearing, the City Clerk will count the number of written protests
against the proposed rate increases, and the Council will determine whether
a majority protest exists for each rate. If a majority of customers and
property owners have not submitted protests by the close of the public
hearing tonight, the City Council may approve the Resolution adopting the
new water rate schedules. At this time, we will open the public hearing on
the proposed water rates.

Public Hearing opened at 6:28 P.M.

P. Srinagesh: Members of the City Council, thank you for giving me an
opportunity to speak this evening. I moved to Palo Alto in January of 1997.
Every time I've turned on my tap, I've gotten water. It's been a very high
quality, and the bills have been very reasonable. Many people can afford to
pay twice what we pay for water. Compared to what's charged in other
places I visit, the service is excellent and the rates are low. Nonetheless,
I'm here to ask you to rescind this particular rate increase and not move
forward with it. On April 30th, when you sent out a letter announcing the
rate increase, I filed a public records request asking for cost of service
analysis that might justify the rates that are going up. I was told that the
last cost of service analysis that was performed for the City was in 2012. I
checked that study. It was a study that provided you with rates for one
year, not for several years. Since that time, the Constitution allows you to
                                                                         Page 7 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
