                          TRANSCRIPT
choose not to buy it down, we have again a little bit more control on the fact
that we're carrying a liability, while we always have the ability to set rates
that will be part of the cost to be able to cover those costs. It's a little bit
different when we're really constricted in a revenue stream, where we're
really then faced if we have some rising costs that are so significant that we
really have to cut services or eliminate other things that we want to do.
That's where the liability really starts to put pressure on us for the long
term. It's just something to be thinking about, that we have a little more
flexibility in thinking of how we buy down the Enterprise liability probably
than in some of the General Funded areas.

Mayor Holman: Great. Thank you for that. I don't see any other Council
Member lights. I think the general consensus seemed to be that we would
take this to Finance Committee for some fleshing out, but then it would
come back to the Council for discussion including with Mr. Bartel.

Mr. Keene: We're happy to take that as the Council's direction.

Mayor Holman: I'm seeing nodding heads, so I think that's what the Council
indication is. That will conclude this item.

Closed Session

Mayor Holman: We have Items Number 2 and 3, two Closed Sessions, two
items in Closed Session. I need Council consideration of whether we would
enter closed Session.

Council Member Burt: So moved.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt has moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach, to enter into Closed Session on two items. One is
conference with the labor negotiators, and one is conference with the City
Attorney over existing litigation.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to go into Closed Session.

Mayor Holman: Is there any discussion? Seeing no lights, vote on the
board please. That's about to pass on an 8-0—Liz, you want to vote? Do
you want to vote?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)


                                                                          Page 27 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
