                          TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: That actually pretty much concludes Item Number 15, but
we do still have both items open should we need to go back and forth.
Going back to Number 14. One thing I'm not sure that we said, and I
apologize because I've been going back and forth a bit. We talked earlier,
Staff and I talked earlier. We do want to focus on the land use and
transportation because that's what's coming to the CAC on the 8th. Is that
correct? Yes. I apologize if that's a restatement of something already said.

Council Member Burt: I guess I'd like to subsequently participate in the
discussion around those particular two elements, but I had a couple of
comments and questions at a higher level. That is for what sections we
should have. First is on this recommendation that we have the safety and
noise be one element. I had advocated that we break safety off from
natural and urban environment. It seems like noise is part of that urban
environment issue rather than a safety issue. I wasn't quite sure why we
were putting it where it is. Also, I can see that the issue of noise is of an
increased importance in the community today, and that we'll give it greater
attention than we would have. Co-naming a section because we have a
present issue seems out of balance and reacting to a present circumstance
on something that is going to be an enduring document.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. Of course, this is up to the
Council. Our suggestion really grew out of the fact that safety and noise are
both elements that the State has identified. If we were going to try and
make natural environment a little smaller and more focused, they are the
two topics that could be pulled out and handled separately or together. If
the Council wishes to keep noise in natural and urban environment, that
would be perfectly okay too.

Council Member Burt: I would just say that I think that logically noise is a
subset of urban environment. The State programs don't have natural and
urban and environment, so we've created this section, and I just think the
elements are properly part of it. If an issue was balancing size of the
elements, that'd be one thing, but I don't think that's as important as
putting it in the right category. Second, I don't recall—this, Hillary, predates
you joining us—how the governance section got determined to be dropped
and what happened to all of the goals, policies and programs in the
governance section.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Burt, thank you for that question. I actually
think the governance section wasn't dropped; it was deferred until after the
elements with goals, policies and programs could be worked on. The PTC,
as I understood it, didn't get to that.


                                                                         Page 87 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
