                         TRANSCRIPT
from the current fiscal year and then through the upcoming 5-year CIP
capital budget plan timeframe of fiscal year 2017-21, which coincides with
when all of these Infrastructure Plan projects are scheduled to be completed
currently. Another important but a little more minor potential revenue
source for the Infrastructure Plan is potentially reimbursing the
Infrastructure Reserve from the Library bonds for about $1 million that the
Infrastructure Reserve contributed to the Rinconada Library project at the
time the construction contract was awarded. That was at a time that we
were very uncertain about the ability to keep costs within the $76 million
total Library bond amount, because of what was going on with the Mitchell
Park Library and Community Center. Since that time, we're under the bond
amount, so there's a potential opportunity to return that funding to the
Infrastructure Reserve. That's some of the information about additional
funding. Staff doesn't have a current proposal for any way that we would
propose allocating additional funding to the Public Safety Building or any
other project. As we move forward, we plan to be evaluating those needs
and to have a proposal as part of the fiscal year 2017 capital budget process
that will be upcoming. That concludes the presentation. We welcome your
comments, questions, thoughts.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, as you were on the Infrastructure
Blue Ribbon task force as was mentioned earlier, would you care to kick us
off?

Council Member Berman: I would love to. Thank you, Mayor Holman.
Thank you to Staff for the work that you guys have been doing over the past
five years on this. I think our turnout today in the audience is indicative of
how we got to where we are. Infrastructure isn't a sexy topic. It's not
something that people are paying attention to. It doesn't have constituency
groups that care about it. I think that's how it went neglected for a long
time and we got to the critical crisis point that we did 5 years ago. I think
we've done a lot of great work since then. I think the purpose of the IMS,
the Infrastructure Management System, is to avoid that. It's to bring this
information to light on an annual basis or semi-annual basis, to bring it to
Council in a public way to say here's where we are and kind of condense the
information into a very digestible format. I remember during IBRC we
talked about a one-pager. I don't know if it'll be a one-pager or a couple-
pager, but it'll be something that's simple for everybody to understand,
Council and the public, so that we don't slip into the backlog that we had a
couple of years ago. I know, Brad, that you've been working on that a lot
and that you've been keeping the IBRC members up to date. They've had
opportunities to weigh in. I'm excited that that seems to—no surprise that it
was more complicated than we envisioned. It seems like it's at a good place
and ready to roll out in 2016, which I'm excited to see. I have a couple of
                                                                          Page 7 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
