                          TRANSCRIPT
report, ID No. 4760, dated 6/16/2014 from the City Manager stating under
summary of key issues on page 6, Oregon Expressway and Page Mill Road,
the 2013 existing conditions and 2025 future projections, under existing
conditions, it states that existing Oregon Expressway/Page Mill Road facility
accommodates approximately 134,000 daily vehicle trips, making it the sixth
busiest expressway facility in the county of Santa Clara. It also states that
Page Mill Road between Foothill Expressway and El Camino Real currently
operates at a level of service "E" during both the a.m. and p.m. peak
periods. Under the 2025 future projection, it states that the County projects
that the existing LOS E conditions on Page Mill Road between Foothill
Expressway, it will extend onto Oregon Expressway to Highway 101 by
2025. Land use and transportation are correlated and has to be discussed
and analyzed together.       One affects the other.     There should be no
discussion on rezoning this property. The continued use of the parking lot is
actually ideal for this location and will not contribute to impacts in the
future. There is absolutely no obligation for the City Council to rezone a
property for the economic well-being of a property owner who purchased a
property fully knowing its zone designations. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speaker is Rita Vrhel. Thank you all
for coming this evening.

Rita Vrhel: Thank you. I'm just overwhelmed by the number of large
projects that continue to be presented to the City Council and those
attendees that request exemptions, rezoning. This building is really very
beautiful but, as the other speakers have stated, it's too large for the lot. I
don't know the history of the purchase, but I believe the other two speakers
who just spoke, that the lot was purchased under one zoning and now it's
coming forward to the Council requesting 50 percent more lot coverage and
requires 10 percent less landscaping. It's nice that the builder is willing to
give the City of Palo Alto amenities such as a widened Oregon Expressway.
There's a very large building going up almost across the street on Oregon
Expressway on the other side, which is going to contribute to the problems.
I believe that the scale of this building will contribute to transportation
problems despite what the owner is willing to provide to the City. I think at
some point the City just has to say, "No, come up with a building that is
reflective of the zoning and is reflective of what you purchased." Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. As applicant, you'll have three minutes to make
any comments that you care to. You don't have to.

Ken Hayes, Principal Architect, Hayes Group Architects: Ken Hayes with
Hayes Group Architects. Thank you for your time tonight and all the


                                                                        Page 51 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
