                              MINUTES
That was where the growth and income projection was, inside the cap rate.
That meant the cap rate was given by three components, because the risk
adjusted rate of capital was calculated by taking the risk free rate of capital,
adding a risk premium, and then subtracting the rate of growth of the rental
income. An industry standard measure of the risk free rate was the ten-year
Treasury Bill, which was currently just under 2 percent. The typical estimate
of a risk premium for commercial real estate was a few percent. A report
stated 3.5 percent for apartment properties in the third quarter of 2014. He
inquired whether that was approximately correct.

Mr. Kawahara indicated that varied by land use and location. It was difficult
to answer that question with precision.

Council Member Filseth explained that adding the 2 percent to the 3.5
percent resulted in a risk adjusted cost of capital between 5 and 6 percent.
A current study for the Downtown Cap reported the average rental growth in
office space was about 11 percent. In terms of the cap rate, there was no
way to subtract 11 percent from 5.5 percent to obtain 5.59 percent.
Assuming a 5 percent growth rate in rental income, there was no way to
subtract 5 percent from 5.5 percent and obtain 5.59 percent. These models
were shortcuts for a real discounted cash flow analysis. The simplified
model did not work for this project. Industry comparables did not work in a
high-growth, moderate-risk situation such as that in Palo Alto. He was
curious about the result of a full analysis; therefore, he attempted one. He
backed out a growth rate from the cap rate, so it became a true discount
rate, a risk adjusted cost of capital. For the first pass he left it at 5.59
percent and 5.82 percent. Instead of using $953,944 as a fixed income
stream, he used a formula for a net present value of an increasing annuity
and assumed in the first case that rental rates would grow 5 percent per
year. The value of the project, assuming 5 percent growth and mid-5
percent risk adjusted cost of capital, was not $2.8 million but $15.59 million.
The value increment was not $1.284 million, but $6 million. He tried it with
7 percent instead of 5 percent. In that case, the valuation of the project
changed from $2.18 million to $28.1 million. The value increment changed
to $10.6 million. He attempted other discount rates. With the PPP corporate
bond rate of 3.6 percent currently, the value of the project went from $15
and $28 million to $29 and $47 million. The value increment, depending on
whether the growth rate of rental income was 5 or 7 percent, changed to
$11 and $17 million. The model was not appropriate for the circumstances
in Palo Alto. This was important, because those numbers were the basis for
deciding whether the City was legally required to grant the off-menu
concessions. The current model calculated the wrong answer, so the Council
could not use it to make that judgment. The Council needed a discounted
cash flow analysis that correctly accounted for rental growth.
                                                                          Page 22 of 39
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 1/26/2015
