                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Eggleston: I would think at least half. I just checked with Matt
Raschke. We never did have an estimate for the cost on those. At the time,
it was not planned with the podium.

Council Member Wolbach: With that information, I'll be supporting "b" and
"c."

Council Member Berman: I appreciate everybody's comments obviously. I
don't think that the sign on slide 10 is nearly sufficient. Our City Hall is very
open. People approach it from almost 270 degrees, and this is a sign that's
on the far, what is that, northeast corner. That might help 20-25 percent of
people who are looking for City Hall, but I don't think it at all adds any actual
signage to the building. I don't think that's nearly a sufficient substitute for
a larger sign near the front of the building. Other than that, I’m going to
stick with the comments I made earlier.

Council Member Burt: After hearing the City Manager's comments, I would
like to offer an Amendment to "a" and "b" that rather than elimination of
those signs, that they instead be attached to the building.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to replace in the Motion:

    i.      Part A, “Eliminate the planned “POLICE” podium sign” with
            “Eliminate the podium and attach the “POLICE” sign to the
            building”; and

    ii.     Part B, “Eliminate the planned “CITY HALL” podium sign” with
            “Eliminate the podium and attach the “CITY HALL” sign to the
            building.”

Council Member DuBois: That's acceptable.

Council Member Kniss: Because it saves money, Pat?

Council Member Burt: Both that it saves money and doesn't detract from
the intention of the signs, is what we just heard.

Mayor Holman: I don't believe the "police" one can be attached to the
building and serve its function.

Council Member Burt: Is that right? I thought you had said that originally
that one had been attached.

Mr. Keene: I apologize for that. I know the focus was on the "City Hall" one
as it related to the attachment. I don't recall exactly. Obviously it would be
                                                                          Page 30 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
