                          TRANSCRIPT
breaking ground mid-year of 2016. To complete the entire network, they
project about a three-year building. I did want to clarify one thing about the
build. I brought this up last time, but I don't think I made the point. I was
poor in how I communicated. There are two potential gigabit providers and
a third with Comcast potentially in the future. Their builds in the way
they're going to do it are entirely different. It's material because it impacts
the way and the outcome of a potential negotiation. With Google Fiber, they
will build everything as in there's zero footprint in Palo Alto. Every single
strand of fiber underground, on poles, every bit of equipment, everything.
With AT&T, they already have a fiber network in Palo Alto. They provide an
existing service to homes today. Their giga fiber—I think it's called giga
fiber.

Council Member DuBois: Power.

Mr. Reichental: GigaPower, sorry. Their GigaPower service will simply be an
upgrade to an existing installation. What we understand based on what
they've presented to us is there are existing communication boxes in place
all over Palo Alto, thousands of them. They will place a second box beside
it. Their work will simply be those boxes and the wire into the house.
Negotiating with AT&T, keep in mind we can't lay cable around the City with
them, because they're just simply not doing it. We will come back obviously
with the outcome of any discussions we have. They're going to be very
different as you can imagine.

Council Member DuBois: Just one last comment. I think, again, hiring that
network expert to design a City network so that if we lay this dark fiber, we
know it will be a viable network in the future and kind of overlay it with
those builds and see where, when they're doing construction would it make
sense to pull Palo Alto fiber as part of this other design that's our own.
Again, that's why I think we need an expert kind of as soon as possible.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Just, I guess, a couple of questions, comments. I
think I will be supporting the motion. I just wanted to make sure I get
clarity from Staff that things I'm going to mention are—make sure I'm clear
on a couple of things and that the motion captures these. First, with the
dig-once ordinance, I guess one of my questions is should we put the dig-
once ordinance on hold while we're doing the negotiations or should we just
leave it open to Staff to be flexible in how they consider what that might
consist of for the time being so that we don't tie your hands around the dig-
once ordinance.


                                                                          Page 104 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
