                          TRANSCRIPT
Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Karin, I'm going to step on you
a bit here. The City Manager asked me to make sure that there was
questions about salinity. In the interests of time, we really cut to the chase
here of the EIR. Remember that you've adopted a goal of 600 milligrams
per liter of TDS. He wanted to remind you of that. When we adopted that
and up until really like a year ago, we thought there was a very good chance
that we'd be able to meet that goal with source control, meaning that the
salinity that's coming into the system from groundwater, from saline
groundwater could be controlled and that we could meet our 600 milligram
per liter goal in that way. That's what we had hoped. I would have to say
this drought is sort of teaching us that that may not be possible, to meet
that goal just with source control. Why? Because we're doing a great job of
reducing water use, even indoor water use. That's concentrating everything
more including salt. What we found was that we started at 1,100 many
years. Our goal is 600, remember. We got down to about 750 from these
projects of relining sewers. We said, "Great. We're on the path." We've
even given you charts that show us on this path and leading to the 600.
What has happened to us in the last year with the drought is that those
values that we got down close to 750; it's now back up above 850. We're
very concerned now that we won't be able—with source control alone, we
won't be to meet that salinity requirement. In the EIR, we've emphasized
these three other options. This is kind of after we try source control, but
we're going to have to make this decision within the next couple of years,
whether we can rely on source control or whether we have to go to one of
these three options or several of these three options. I wanted to point out
that we haven't completely given up on source control, but we are
concerned about it. In the EIR, we've committed to, if necessary, if we can
see that source control isn't going to work within the next couple of years,
then to go to one or several of these options. That's what the EIR says. The
City Manager just wanted me to add that sort of—sorry. That thing. Back to
you, Karin.

Ms. North: No problem. He's going to take over again. That's perfect.
That's why we're a team. I don't really want to focus much on project costs.
If you don't put costs in front of people, then they'll ask you the questions.
Right now, it's projected that the pipeline is going to cost 35 million. If you
can see, the cost of SFPUC water is increasing and it's going to continue to
increase especially with the drought. Priming is right now for Proposition 1
funding. There's a lot of money out there for recycled water projects, so
there's that opportunity. The State Revolving Fund as well to get low cost
loans to help fund the project. We will obviously come back to you for that.
Right now, we're just trying to get the EIR certified, so we can move
forward. The benefits of building the project. Obviously we want to keep

                                                                       Page 106 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
