                         TRANSCRIPT
pencil out when you look at the total cost of ownership of the facility. Thank
you.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that. A question maybe for the City
Manager or others. Along the same lines, what do we lose by moving
Emergency Operations away from City Hall and away from the rest of City
government? Not saying that we shouldn't keep them right here, but
considering what general location in the City.

Mr. Keene: The same comment that Ken Dueker just made about adjacency
and operational efficiencies extends beyond the Public Safety units to the
organization itself. All of the benefits of centrality and co-location and that
sort of thing are important. Even before a major disaster, we are in
situations where we activate the Emergency Operations Center.              That
extends way beyond just first responders and we're back and forth between
our regular day job and the emergency itself. It goes back to part of your
earlier question about bifurcation. Those things can be done as a second
choice, not as a first choice. I'm sure if we were in a situation where the
only options we had versus continuing to stay in the situation we're in right
now were to have sites that require that, then we would all agree Public
Safety, management, everybody that we'd take that less than optimal union
in order to have a modern Essential Services Standard building. We're not
faced with that option. Our sense is that unless we got into some other
issues that trumped them, we have a program, we have a plan and we have
a cost that we think can be delivered and we have some locations that we
think could work. It just tilts that way.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that. Looking at our options and
looking at next steps. We don't have a lot of options in the Downtown area,
so moving to another part of town seems reasonable and acceptable. You
lose the benefit of being close to the rest of City government, but you gain
the benefit perhaps especially if you move around Cal. Ave. or El Camino
and Page Mill. If you move to that area, at least you're more centrally
located for the City. There's something you gain in location; something you
lose in location. That's probably an acceptable tradeoff. Going back to
Cubberley or over at New Middlefield and East Meadow or any of the options
by Bayshore, you're losing the proximity to the rest of City government and
you're also losing the central location within the City. As far as location
goes, those are not ideal. For the concerns that have been raised by a
number of people about losing access in the case of an emergency by roads
being washed out or bridges broken, the locations on either side of Bayshore
are very problematic. I'm not crazy about any of those. Again, I keep
coming back to around Cal. Ave., around Page Mill and El Camino. If we are


                                                                         Page 49 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
