                          TRANSCRIPT
water in fountains, irrigation during the day, washing vehicles, etc. The City
will continue to enforce these regulations in addition to new actions. As I
mentioned earlier, we as a community reduced our water use by 16 percent
from 2013 levels last year. City facilities reduced water use by 27 percent.
Up-to-date information can be found at cityofpaloalto.org/water. I know in
this environment the Council and Staff is hearing from a lot of our citizens
who are concerned about this issue with different questions recently of
dewatering new construction sites, landscaping, leaking systems, etc. We'll
be developing some Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) and some
information. We'll put those both on the website, and we'll share them with
the Council so that there's a better understanding about these problems or
issues and the City's response to them. I'll have that out shortly. The City
has released a Draft Environmental Impact Report for the potential project
to expand our recycled water system. Council Member Burt, amongst
others, mentioned it during the discussions earlier. This is a project that
would deliver recycled water produced by the Regional Water Quality Control
Plant to parks and commercial customers in and near the Stanford Research
Park. Public comments on the Draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR) will
be accepted until June 4th. There will be public meetings scheduled for May
19th and 21st. More information will be posted on the City's website. I did
want to share that at the Adobe Creek undercrossing, City crews have
completed the cleanup and fence installation of the Benjamin Lefkowitz
Bicycle Pedestrian Undercrossing. The gates reopened last week. As you
may be aware, they typically remain open until October 16th and close upon
the arrival of the first significant storm. Work at the Palo Alto Airport started
last week to make needed repairs on the runway and adjacent taxiways.
The first of three phases was completed with rubber and marking removal,
crack sealing and runway pavement repairs. Phase 2 involves micro-
surfacing and painting, pavement markings during two all-day closures of
the runway and taxiways, tomorrow and Wednesday. The improvements
that we expect to begin seeing with the City's takeover of the Airport are
taking place. I did want to point out to the Council that at your desks you've
got a copy of the Fiscal Year 2016-25 general Long Range Financial Forecast.
We'll be having that on your agenda. Next Wednesday we'll be presenting
you the fiscal Operating Budget and Capital Budget that are informed very
much by that forecast. I also did want to share with the Council as a whole,
I know at least Mayor Holman was able to attend an important regional
event here in the bay area this past weekend which was a commemoration
of the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. Participation from a
number of different organizations on that particular occasion, so we want to
thank the Mayor for attendance there. I had two other things real quick. I
know that Council has had the opportunity individually to meet Ed Shikada,
who has been appointed as an Interim Assistant City Manager. I thought I
would formally introduce him to the Council. I'd ask Ed to come up for a

04/20/2015                                                               117- 314
