                          TRANSCRIPT
dedicated to outreach towards multifamily buildings. What we've heard, and
a lot of the reasons that this particular ordinance is here to you today, is
that when we rolled out our compost service to single-family residents, we
had multifamily residents coming to us and saying, "I want to have this
service, and my landlord won't pay for it. They won't do it." This ordinance
allows everybody in Palo Alto regardless of whether they live in a single-
family, apartment, condo to be able to have access to compost service. It's
going to be difficult. Multifamily units, you have language issues a lot of
times; you have populations moving in and out. That doesn't mean that
we're not up to the challenge. There are a lot of best practices that we can
take advantage of. We have the resources, especially with GreenWaste
environmental outreach coordinators, to really take advantage of that. I feel
really confident that we can actually set a model for multifamily. If you talk
to other solid waste bureaucrats like me around the state, they'll say, "You
can't do it. You can't do multifamily." I don't think that's the case; I really
think that we can make a difference here in Palo Alto and show that it can be
done.

Mayor Holman: Before I go back to Council Member Scharff, I have a couple
of questions too. At the risk of sounding like a broken record and I frankly
don't mind if I do, I'm going to have our C&D ordinance recorded by James
Earl Jones and give a copy to everyone in the Public Works Department and
our Sustainability Directory. The reason I say that is because I look at this—
I appreciate the questions that colleagues have asked. I look at this
ordinance and I see reference to construction or demolition waste. There is
not one reference that I found having to do with salvage.

Council Member Scharff: There is one.

Mayor Holman: Is there one?

Council Member Scharff: There is one, but I actually had problems with it. I
was going to (crosstalk) going to talk about.

Mayor Holman: I didn't even find it. In the definitions, it doesn't even list
salvage. It talks about construction or demolition waste, but there's nothing
there that talks anything about salvage. I'll stay on that topic for a moment
here. I did dog ear these pages. Give me just a moment here. You need to
start my clock here. On packet page 339, page 9 of the ordinance,
5.20.060, contracting for special hauling services. It says any owner,
occupant or tenant of place or premises may contract with the collector,
meaning GreenWaste in this case, or its duly authorized agent or
subcontractor as provided in the section below, but not otherwise, for special
hauling services for the collection, removal and disposal of solid waste in

                                                                        Page 27 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
