                          TRANSCRIPT

grade separations. Cal. Ave., I take it every day. I would love to see it
improved, but there's a greater need for one to be established in south Palo
Alto than to improve the one, for instance, at Cal. Ave. I think we should
prioritize. The other thing that I want to add, and it's not specifically in the
VTA list. Something for us to be really cognizant of as we have discussions
on the sales tax measure with the VTA and the Leadership Group, which is
that the Leadership Group had expressed a year ago that for whatever
dollars are allocated for grade separations in Santa Clara County, their
notion was the cities that have projects and plans that are farthest along,
most mature, that's where those dollars would go. It wasn't based upon the
needs; it was based upon who had the project farthest along in a pipeline.
That really needs to change, in part because there are cities and grade seps
further south in the county where they don't have the very complex,
contentious issues of our grade seps. They can make those decisions and
stand in line and say, "Yeah, give us a grade sep as soon as there is
money." It needs to be evenly distributed. There are nine at-grade
crossings in the county. Four of them are in Palo Alto. We need to have a
different prioritization for whatever dollars get allocated for that. It's a big
deal for us. Finally, I really want to see a greater emphasis on looking at
whatever may be able to be done to improve cross-bay transit, whether
that's Dumbarton Rail per se or other means to improve that. For those of
you who haven't really witnessed the tech patterns, when we had the dot
com boom, the east-west transit toward the latter half of that boom, more
and more of the trips were coming from east to west because of the
jobs/housing imbalance being compounded as the heating up of the
economy occurred. Same thing in the '06-'07 period. I expect that in the
next one to three years that's where we're going to see great growth in trips
again. This is going to become more important again in the long term. Long
term, we need solutions. I don't want to tonight try to determine exactly
what that solution would be. Once again, it needs to be dollars allocated to
addressing a problem as opposed to dollars allocated for a specific design for
that. That's part of the problem too. This is structured in a way that it's
supposed to be around saying what your solution is and exactly how you're
going to spend the dollars as opposed to in some of these cases we may not
have the best solution identified yet. We should allocate the dollars toward
a problem as opposed to a specific solution to that problem. Those would be
my comments.

Council Member DuBois: I spent a little time this summer trying to educate
myself a bit on transportation. I did attend an Envision Silicon Valley
meeting. I wanted to share with Council Members some of the details.
There's a deadline of August 30th. If we don't prioritize tonight, then they're
                                                                         Page 84 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
