                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I don't think we can just delete the PC Zone Code,
so we would retain the provisions for existing PC zones. In terms of
enforcement, that would remain on the books.

Mayor Holman: That's seconded by Council Member Scharff.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff to return with an Ordinance removing the “PC”
Planned Community Zoned District for PC applications not already approved,
retaining provisions for existing PCs.

Council Member DuBois: Real quick. I do think PC projects are very
different from other kinds of development projects. There may be similar
issues, but I really think they're amplified with the PC zone. It's a much
cleaner slate with a lot more to be negotiated. In terms of the State Density
Bonus Law, my understanding is, yes, we have a menu, but that doesn't
prevent a developer from going completely off menu and asking for anything
else. I also believe there's more concessions if it's 100 percent affordable
housing. I really think public trust is critical, and we need to reestablish it.
I think eliminating the PC zone outright is a good step. It frees us from the
temptation.    I don't think Council likes to limit itself, but we haven't
demonstrated a great track record in our ability to negotiate a great benefit
that's enforceable over time. Again, I think PC zones have been discussed
almost since 2001 when this paper on flexibility versus constraint came out.
I mean, it's 14 years of discussion. Let's free up our Staff by eliminating this
distraction and not just kicking the can down the road.

Council Member Scharff: I think we shouldn't underestimate the amount of
Staff time that goes into the PC Ordinance and the community angst it
creates. I think both of those are strong reasons to get rid of the PC
Ordinance. In some perfect world, we might be able to reform this. I'm just
looking at the suggestions people make. One of the issues is that the
benefits we get are not outweighed by how people feel about the rules being
broken that affect them personally. They will always come out to Council
and rightfully so be concerned about the impacts on themselves. It provides
carte blanche to Council. It looks like sausage making when we come up
here and talk about we want this, we want that, someone makes a motion
and says "No, pay us this instead," or "I want my pet project over here," "I
want this." I think it's unseemly, and I think that the community feels it's
unseemly. I really don't see how we maintain and keep that trust and go
through the process of reforming it. I would argue that maybe yes, maybe
we could get there in some perfect world, but the cost in Staff time, we'd be
so much better off using that Staff time for other things. I really would urge
us to get rid of the PC process. We can always come back if someone really

                                                                          Page 69 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
