                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Could you repeat that please, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: That we don't want parking transferring from
restaurant use to office use if the building is redeveloped.

Mayor Holman: I'll accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “clarify that we do not want
parking transferring from restaurant use to office use.”

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, can we interject, as Staff, a few comments on
the Motion as it stands right now? I don't know if this is the right time or
when.

Mayor Holman: Fire away.

Ms. Gitelman: I wanted to observe that Items A and B are extraordinarily
broad. We would need to know, as Staff, whether you intend or desire to
apply the restrictions in the R Overlay District to this broad area. That
would mean that all of the ground-floor spaces in this broad area could only
have retail, personal service or eating and drinking. I don't know whether
that's your intention. In addition, we think Item Number d, addressing the
permanency of conditional use permits, would have to be eliminated or
rephrased in some way. If you're trying to do what we think, use permits
run with the land and so that would not be the tool that you'd be looking for.
In addition, there are a few other points.

Mayor Holman: Let's do these so far.

Council Member Burt: Let's not take them up at this time.

Mayor Holman: I was trying to answer her questions at this time. The
intention of the Motion is what your question is. The intention of the Motion
is, yes, in "A" it would be ground-floor retail, personal service and
restaurants.    That's the intention of expanding that zoning.          "B" is
considering linkages that might exist to the Fry's site. "D," if you can come
up with other language, I'm certainly open to that.

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. "D" and a
number of the other items do raise legal issues. We are taking this as
Council's policy interest, but it will require us to do a variety of work on the
legal side, to understand parking, to understand relatively complex vested
rights issues that apply to the various types of existing uses, which may
become nonconforming with this type of a change. We would need to come

                                                                         Page 76 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
