                         TRANSCRIPT
it okay? What's going on here?" A question for legal Staff. Is there
something we can do to get the FCC to accept their 60-day, 90-day, 150-day
limits if they provide us with the latest information on health concerns? Is
that a fair mandate for them?

Ms. Silver:  I will defer to Mr. Lay on that.     He comes fresh from
Washington, DC. Hopefully he can give us some guidance on that issue.

Tim Lay, Spiegel & McDiarmid: Mr. Vice Mayor, that would be a perfectly
fair and reasonable demand of the FCC. There is the slight problem of,
because they are the FCC, whether they behave in fair ways or reasonable
ways all the time is not necessarily within anyone else's control. The docket
you mention, the FCC docket, is still open. The FCC has not acted in it yet.
All the comments that have been filed are retrievable online.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I couldn't find them.

Mr. Lay: The FCC's website, this is another oddity considering they're the
Federal Communications Commission, they probably have the most
unfriendly website of any federal agency, which is a separate issue. The
fundamental problem that you're talking about, the safety of RF emissions,
is an ongoing one subject to debate. The FCC has not changed its standards
for 20 years. A lot of people disagree with that. As far as responsibility,
under Federal law responsibility for determining that—there's some logic to
it—is if there is a safety standard, it should be the same safety standard in
Palo Alto as in Dubuque or in Miami or Atlanta or anywhere else. If they
endanger somebody above a certain threshold, that should be true
everywhere. The problem is with the substance of the standards. It can be
very frustrating at the local government level to have to tell your
constituents, "I hear you, but I am prohibited from basing a decision on
that." There are two avenues. One is the FCC itself. That docket is open,
and anyone can visit the Commissioners and visit staff and submit on that.
I'll be happy to pass on the links to do that. Obviously the makers of the
Federal law that created this circumstance are members of Congress.
Members of Congress and Senators as well are the ones that passed the law
that said the FCC standards control, and you can't base your decisions on
that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That is very helpful. I wonder if the maker of the
motion would accept a friendly amendment that we request the FCC provide
an annual update on the status of health studies that they and the World
Health Organization are working on.

Council Member Kniss: I have no objections.

                                                                        Page 33 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
