                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
authorize the Mayor to sign onto a joint letter to the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) from up to eleven North County and West
Valley cities.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think cooperating with our neighboring cities makes a
lot of sense. There was a lot of convincing evidence tonight that the 85
corridor is especially sensitive. Our responsibilities include two Stanford
parcels, the Research Park and the hospital area, which have approximately
50,000 employees and no housing, so must be part of a regional network. I
heard a lot of input tonight that the County lacks transit service along the 85
corridor where a good portion of commuters come from. This makes sense,
that we set out to work cooperatively with our neighbors and try and find a
common interest in that corridor that would make sense for Palo Alto. I
enthusiastically support it.

Council Member Kniss: I would certainly agree with the Vice Mayor about
our enthusiasm for this. I would feel uncomfortable if I didn't say this
tonight. I know John knows this and others in the audience. If this
becomes a measure and if it does pass, I hope that we will put
measurements in this, which I have heard Pat Burt talk about any number of
times. If not, here is where this goes in the end. VTA—I served on VTA—is
dominated by San Jose. There is no question. I sat there for my first two
years trying desperately to get money into North County and away from
BART. It is extraordinarily difficult. I'm not saying it's impossible, but I am
saying that if we get to the point where we can draft something and it is a
measurable something particularly for the North County cities that we've
been talking about tonight, that will make a great difference. Otherwise,
when it goes back down to VTA, they will again make decisions that very
much support that 53 percent of the county. For one more stat, if you look
at our county as a whole with five districts, this district, District 5, delivers
26 percent of the votes in the county. District 1, which is the south part,
includes the south part of San Jose which is a more affluent part, has 25
percent. The middle section, which is District 2, has 12 percent. This is
their average turnout. You can check it and find out. I want us to be really
clear, because I think we'll put a lot of time, energy and effort into this.
Know that without some measurement and facts—the TransForm group and
I were discussing this earlier—without that measurement, without some way
to be sure it comes to us, I have grave, long-term concerns. Still glad to
second the motion.
                                                                         Page 75 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
