              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                MINUTES
                                                               Special Meeting
                                                             January 26, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
            Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Information Technology Three-Year Strategy Update Study Session.

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer, provided an update of the
City's Three-Year Information Technology (IT) Strategy launched in July
2012. Technology was making people more social, connecting machines,
producing data, and making the world smarter.

Lisa Bolger, Information Technology Chief of Staff, advised that Staff
identified four key motivations for their strategy:         insufficient use of
innovative technologies; lack of a framework for prioritizing work;
inconsistent delivery and quality of services; and aging infrastructure.

Mr. Reichental reported the first strategy area included deploying digital city
capabilities in order to provide services to the community. The second
strategy was IT governance. Third, Staff wanted to provide standardized,
consistent services to Staff and the community. Fourth, upgrading older
infrastructure was necessary. IT Staff added a focus on cyber security to
handle budgeting, data analysis, technology changes, and high performance.

Ms. Bolger noted the IT Department's budget included approximately $11.7
million in expenses and 32 IT Staff members. IT Staff deployed over 300
technology solutions comprised of applications and online services or
systems, and utilized over 400 pieces of technology equipment supporting
networks and servers and 1,200 computers. In Fiscal Year 2014, 9,326
service desk tickets were closed. Over 2 1/2 years, IT Staff completed 77
projects. Currently, 41 projects were in progress and 27 projects were
planned.


                                                                       Page 1 of 39
