                          TRANSCRIPT
back from the perimeter of the building. This is the elevator enclosure, and
it is also pulled away from the perimeter of the building. This is a concrete
wall with vine plantings. Here, at the adjacent single-family neighbor, our
building is set back 12 1/2 feet from the property line with a planting bed at
the lowest level. These are partially obscured windows to break rooms for
the office. Only the upper portion of the glass is clear to allow vision to the
sky. The lower pane of the glass is obscured so that there's no visual
transparency down to the neighbor. Here you're seeing a 12 1/2 foot
setback from the property line, 2 feet at grade, and the neighbor house at 9-
foot-4 setback from the property line. As we swing around, you're seeing
another planter bed inset with a stucco wall treatment and windows to bring
light into the second and third floors. You're also seeing the rear of the roof
terrace with the plantings on the back facade. As we swing around to Grant,
you're seeing the second stair tower, additional balconies and terraces, new
street trees. This is the primary entrance for the parking of the facility. It's
got double-stack parking machines on the ground floor. You go down a
ramp to triple-stack parking machines below. Our traffic consultant is here,
and he can answer questions that you may have about that. As you can
see, there's ample width in the garage for two cars to move freely back and
forth. This is the access for trash and recycling. Again, a nice view down
that vista for the broad sidewalk. You're seeing the two-story zone at the
perimeter here. The bottom ground floor is pulled back as are the trees to
improve view lines for pedestrians, bicyclists and motorists as they come to
that intersection.     You're also seeing the glazing treatment and the
sunscreen walls at the perimeter. Thank you all very much. If you have any
questions, we'd be happy to answer them.

Council Member Wolbach: I do have a question for the applicant. I'm sure
we'll have more later, but one currently. The planter beds that are raised off
of ground level at the northeast and northwest of the property, adjacent to
other properties, how will those be accessed for maintenance of the trees
and greenery there?

Ms. Young: The planter beds that are facing the train line, I'll call it project
north for this. There are ladders interior to the building that you climb up to
access. The current configuration for access to the planter bed at the
northeast corner would have access. There's a 2-foot setback that you walk
through to climb up to get into those. If that's not a sufficient approach, we
can easily modify the break room on the second floor to allow direct access
out to the planter there.

Council Member Burt: Two questions related to the stair towers. First, what
drives the need for the footprint size of those towers? What square footage
of the terrace triggers the need for the second tower?
                                                                         Page 43 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
