                         TRANSCRIPT
they're a little smaller. What I would like to suggest is that we look at this
map in Attachment G and defer for a moment a discussion about whether to
include SOFA II in the boundaries. That's an issue that Council Member
DuBois would like to engage in. We can have that discussion when we
discuss land uses and exemptions. For now, we're hoping to get the
Council's direction on whether you would like to accept the PTC's
recommendations and approve the draft Ordinance with the suggested
boundaries and set aside for a moment the exemption for coordinated area
plans.

Mayor Holman: Council Members?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Yes. Having to do with boundaries, yes. Council Member
Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'd be okay with the boundaries, but I'm concerned
that the exemption for coordinated area plans—that a blanket exemption for
coordinated area plans is way too big a loophole for this and merits
significant further discussion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: First, I'll follow on the question of the coordinated
area plan. I think we had pretty strong unanimity that we want to see more
specific or coordinated area planning done. I think we heard from the
public, both those who are more concerned about growth and those who are
less concerned about growth, also thinking that specific plans and
coordinated area plans are something we should do more of. As I got to
thinking about this, if we were to exempt coordinated area plans or specific
plans going forward, rather than seeing the community embrace them, I
would think there's a very good chance we'd have sizable portions of the
community who would then oppose the use of coordinated area plans or
specific plans because they would automatically break the office cap. That's
not the outcome that we want. On the other hand, I think it's very possible
that we will see that once we go through a planning process, we may say,
"We've looked at this deliberately. We've had an extensive community
discussion. We've had buy-in from a wide range stakeholders. The office
cap should be adjusted by whatever amount according to what we anticipate
within that coordinated area plan." I don't think making that determination
one way or the other right now is the productive way to do it. I would
advocate that we include coordinated area plans within the office cap with a
guidance that we will have a specific Council action upon completion of those

                                                                       Page 82 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
