                          TRANSCRIPT
in which this continues forward? I see we have a timeline.             Will it be
returning to the Council with a final measure in 2016?

Ms. Halpern: In the spring of 2016.

Council Member Burt: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a couple of thoughts to share. I'll start with
economics. The Council made a big change a year or so ago, putting a fee
on not just public facilities but private, both commercial and residential, of a
modest size. I would assume that that should lead to a substantial increase
in resources available. A Master Plan, maybe somewhere in the Master Plan
there should be a description of resources and what new opportunities are
created by that, how we should be thinking differently than we have in the
past because we have more resources for it. I think that somewhere in
there, when you come back in 2016, I'll look for that. In terms of the
groups that might be interested, you have not listed specifically seniors. I
know there has been some research that shows as people age, their
aesthetic talents, sense, appreciation tends to become more focused, more
important to them. We have an increasing number of seniors, and that will
continue over the next decade. Seniors tend to become isolated, and art
would be a wonderful way of engaging them in some ways or another of
bringing out the talents they might be increasingly interested in. If you
could think through maybe ways of reaching that senior community with
some of your projects. I'd like to reiterate what Council Member Burt said
about capturing history. I got an email from someone that had a picture of
a statue of Steve Jobs. I said, "That's interesting." He said, "Yeah. This is
in Budapest." He says, "There's nothing in Palo Alto." Why don't you
capture a little bit of our history by places around town, all different parts of
town, either people or events that took place that might be captured in a
different way through art. I think that's a wonderful way of cooperation and
looking to innovative ways of making people alert to what has gone on in
their surroundings.      Finally, reassessment of art. I know one of the
traditions in Palo Alto is let's take this public space and add art to it. We
have now taken all the exciting, visible places around town and there's art in
there. Some of it is exciting and it becomes a part of your history with that
place. Also, it can be clutter. After 10 or 20 years, you scratch your head
and say, "Why is that there?" What about new artists who come along who
could take that site and turn it into something different? I would encourage
you to have some kind of five or ten-year reassessment of what's been there
for ten years, is there some way of assessing how people are responding to
it. Some people fall in love with things and things become part of that

                                                                          Page 8 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
