                          TRASNCRIPT
whether we do a short-term access measure that may be a right thing to do.
I look forward to—what? A year from now?—when we'll hopefully have that.
I do want to just take this opportunity to give some feedback on some of the
alternatives that are being considered. In the report, it talked a lot about
that this was essentially a quarry dumping ground as were some of the
hillsides adjacent to this. This means we have weak soils, and it further
reiterates that this is a goofy place to try to plant trees that need deep,
strong soils. The adjacent property owner who had the lease put redwoods
in which don't grow natively at this location anyway. I want to see natural
vegetation there, and I think it fits. If we look at Foothills Park, what we've
done wrong and what we've done right, we have tens of acres of irrigated
turf in Foothills Park. Some of it is used for recreation, and a lot is not. It's
just irrigated turf in a natural habitat. We don't exercise the stream-side
setbacks that are actually part of our current Comprehensive Plan. I'll just
briefly say that one of my first actions as a Planning Commissioner 16, 17
years ago was with the Capital Improvement Plan, and they were going to
redo—they did redo all the turf in Foothills Park. We had just adopted a new
Comp Plan talking about a 100-foot stream-side setback. We were putting
irrigation and turf within 10 feet of a creek. I asked at that time if this was
going to be natural grasses or ornamental grasses, and the Staff response
was these grasses kind of grow wild after a while next to the creek. I was
pretty appalled. The reason I bring it up is because I think we have an
opportunity to look fresh and at the model of what's gone on in upper Wild
Horse Valley, where over the last several years Acterra and a whole lot of
community volunteers have removed all the thistle and invasive species
there and planted native wildflowers. For those who have not been up there
the last two years in springtime, it is just amazing. It is one of the most
remarkable sites in all of Palo Alto. It hasn't gotten the press. When we talk
about this 7.7 acres and different colleagues have kind of, last year and
previously, dumped on its opportunity, I think it's a great opportunity. We
shouldn't try to turn it into something else. It's a natural meadowland with
perhaps shrubbery and some trees on the fringes. I think everything else is
not only fighting against what would occur naturally there, but fighting
against the soil conditions. I really encourage us to look at this. On the
stream-side permitting, there was also a year ago this discussion in the
report that seems like it's died down about this being a potential steelhead
spawning stream. It runs a very short time out of the year because of its
soil conditions and limited water, unlike Los Trancos Creek that it feeds into
which runs all year long. This creek does not really contribute in any way to
that potential. I don't think we're going to have that problem, because
that's what drives stream permitting issues predominantly, is threatened
species.


                                                                         Page 53 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
