                             MINUTES
Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the City's review process was overseen
by the ARB and culminated in a decision by the Planning Director. City law
allowed an appeal of the Planning Director's decision. The Council was the
appropriate final body on whether design findings could be made. By law,
the item was placed on the Consent Calendar, and the Planning Director's
approval could be approved by the Council passing it on consent. With three
votes, the Council could remove the item from the Consent Calendar and
hear the appeal. The Council had discretion to apply its judgment, weigh the
evidence before it, and decide on the matter. The Applicant's attorney
requested the Council preview some concerns. The City's process allowed
the Mayor to set the matter for hearing on the night it was removed from
the Consent Calendar or to select another night for a hearing.            In
anticipation of the Council removing the item from the Consent Calendar,
the Mayor consulted Staff and announced the item would be heard on May 4,
2015. At that time, the Council could voice its concerns. All findings to
approve the project were available for Council Member comments.

Mayor Holman requested the City Manager respond to Mr. Borock's
comments.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that the original concern was use of the
grant related to potential environmental impacts. Given that the amount
was small and being used for a completely different purpose, Staff was
satisfied that they had exercised responsibility in proceeding with the project
and in responding to specific concerns raised before the Council.

Mayor Holman noted Mr. Borock's concern regarding conflicting dates.

Rob De Geus, Community Services Director, would research the two dates
and provide the Council with information.

Mr. Keene recommended the Council err on the side of expediency as the
earlier date was July 31, 2015. Even with Council authority, Staff would not
proceed with any project that did not comply with requirements.

Mayor Holman inquired about the Council and public receiving notice that the
timeline had been rectified.

Mr. Keene would provide a public email to the Council.

Council Member Wolbach encouraged Staff to contact the two stakeholders if
they had not already done so.

Mr. Keene would do so. Staff utilized their judgment to define stakeholders
as the people who originally raised the substantive issue.

04/06/2015                                                              117- 170
