                         TRASNCRIPT
Ms. Ziesenhenne: The additional day was that it was open on Thursdays.

Mayor Holman: College Terrace is projected to be closed on three days.
Previously, it was closed on two days, but it still had 57,500 visits. I look
forward to, when you come back next year for the budget, looking at ways
and what it would take to get College Terrace back open so it's open five
days a week and not four days a week. It seems to me like it's a very
popular and often-visited location, and it's kind of remote from all the
others. Right now, the most any of the other libraries is closed is two days
which is Downtown, but College Terrace is closed three days in spite of its
number of visits. If you can take a good hard look at that. Yes?

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Also, Mayor, if I could add also to
Council Members' comments on the EV charging parking. That has hit my
radar screen as well, and I understand it is in some ways tied to the
question of charging for the electricity. That said, I think there may be a
procedural step we need to do in order to sign the parking spaces limited to
the three hours while charging which is consistent with what's done
Downtown. I'll follow up with Staff and get a report back to the Council.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. That concludes that item. Thank you for Staff
and for the LAC members for coming this evening.

2.   Study Session Updating the Current Status of the Parks, Trails, Open
     Space and Recreation Master Planning Process.

Mayor Holman: Staff, you're ready for presentation? Thank you.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Good evening, Mayor Holman,
Council Members. Rob de Geus, Director of Community Services. Glad to
be here this evening to give you an update on the Parks, Trails, Open Space
and Recreation Facilities Master Plan. We've been working on this since
early 2014. We've been doing a lot of public outreach over that time. This
Study Session's intended to give you an update on the process and also get
some feedback from you, and an opportunity for you to ask questions of the
planning team. Staff's particularly interested in Council's input on the
principles and the draft criteria, as we wrote about in the Staff Report. I'd
like to introduce our team here. This is really a collaboration between Public
Works Department and the Community Services Department. From Public
Works on the team, we have Peter Jensen, Landscape Architect, working as
project manager, and Senior Project Manager Elizabeth Ames. They're also
here. From Community Services, it's Daren Anderson, Division Manager of
Open Space and Parks, and myself and our MIG consultants right here. We
have Lauren Schmitt, a principal with MIG, and Ryan Mottau. He's a senior
project manager. I also want to give thanks to the Parks and Recreation
                                                                       Page 14 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
