                         TRANSCRIPT
exactly how we do it. This is the case with the prior example of media
relations. We know that we communicate with the media, but we don't
know exactly know how we're doing it. Conversely, we sometimes are able
to demonstrate how we do something, but not exactly what we do. An
example of this would be security at the Regional Water Quality Control
Plant. Obviously we provide security at the treatment plant, but we don't
have procedures well documented there for what we're doing. In other
instances, some of the documentation is either missing or incorrect. Some
is not what the practice standard asks for. In some instances, we simply
have no documentation at all. Where have we uncovered opportunities for
improvement throughout this process? Strategic planning is one area; we're
working on that right now, developing a multiyear strategic plan for the
department. Employee training and recognition and safety programs is
another area we've identified. Risk management, how we respond to legal
inquiries that come our way; we're working with the City Attorney's Office to
develop some procedures in that regard. Communications both internally
and externally. Asset management, this goes back to some of the work that
the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC) did. Project management,
how we manage our Capital Improvement Program and construction of
capital projects. Equipment and fleet management, which was recently the
result of an audit by the City Auditor's Office. Some of our procedures in our
public services division that deal with street and sidewalk maintenance.
There are a few others. Many opportunities for improvement have been
uncovered throughout this process. In addition, we're also creating, as a
part of this, a departmental resource guide that will be made available in
electronic format to all department staff so that we can all remain on the
same page with one another. What remains to be completed in the process
is to wrap up the improvement phase which will occur this summer. In
August, tentatively scheduled for the week of August 10th, is when the peer
review team will be onsite here for several days. At the end of August, if we
are fortunate to have achieved accreditation which we believe we will, we'll
be recognized at the APWA Congress that's down in Phoenix this year. The
formal award of accreditation will occur later this summer or early fall. Two
years out in 2017 is when we have to submit our first mid-cycle compliance
report.    That speaks to the issue of ongoing commitment to remain
accredited. In 2019 would be the first reaccreditation that we would go
through, because the accreditation when granted lasts for four years. It's
been an outstanding effort on the part of many of the staff in the
department. We look forward to being back before the Council later this
summer hopefully with recognition by APWA. If there's any questions, we'll
be happy to answer them at this time.



                                                                          Page 9 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
