                          TRANSCRIPT
cumulative impacts. As we do each development project, we want to look at
not just this project, but all other projects and does this have a significant
impact. By using the cumulative numbers that the VTA model generates,
there is no project in Palo Alto that will ever have a significant impact. I
noticed that with some of the Stanford projects. Each one we go through,
the issue is there is so much traffic there to 2025 or 2040, that this little
project would not make a significant difference. In essence, we've come to
find that cumulative traffic doesn't exist in the process that we play through.
You give us a chance to look not at an individual project, but the wider
traffic that is coming to town. Just the numbers you have given show that,
if you look at the number of cars, they do decline as you get closer to El
Camino. There's a significant increase in the numbers of cars between the
base case, 2013, and 2025. As a matter of fact, with your improvements,
the numbers go up because more cars can get down that road. The same
happens with the level of service. If you look at the El Camino/Page Mill
intersection, there's a decline in level of service or an increase in delays. It
grows as you get closer to the El Camino interchange. You're asking what
Palo Alto thinks about the improvements you make. You asked the question
who benefits from these improvements. Certainly 280 benefits if you can
get those cars out of the main lanes. Certainly, as you point out in your
data, the Stanford Research Park benefits tremendously. You can get many
more cars into the Research Park. The consequences to El Camino and the
developments that we deal with along El Camino are negative, because
there are more cars coming to us. The Research Park is not taking them all.
The dilemma grows when you talk about your budget figures. You say,
"Why doesn't Palo Alto pay for everything east of Foothill? You have lots of
money. You have these traffic impact fees." As your report points out,
Stanford is relatively exempt from traffic impact fees. They have a GUP that
dates from 2000 that says they're not causing any new trips. As you point
out in your study, the Research Park has already paid off all their impact
fees. As they increase employment, increase traffic, there's no new impact
fees coming from them. What you're doing is asking us to use our impact
fees from the developments on El Camino or other parts of town to mitigate
what you're doing on Foothill and 280, to mitigate what is an increase in
traffic and a decline in performance at the intersection that's most important
to us. Two dilemmas from Palo Alto's perspective. Number one, you have
identified increasing flows of traffic on the roadways and the intersections
that are an important measure of how we're doing. You give us the dilemma
of choosing. Shall we stop growing so we don't make traffic any worse or go
through this process of saying, "It's going to be so bad at that intersection
that there's no new project we could approve that would have a significant
impact on that"? That's one dilemma. How do we get a traffic model that
helps us rather than shrugs it off? Number two, who pays? We have traffic
impact fees, but we're not getting any new impact fees from either Stanford
                                                                           Page 9 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
