                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: With that we will vote on the amendment. That amendment
passes on a 5-4 vote with Vice Mayor Schmid, Mayor Holman, Council
Members Burt and DuBois voting no.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-4 Burt, DuBois, Holman, Schmid
no

Mayor Holman: We return now to the main Motion. I don't see lights. I do
have one question for Staff. It goes to Council Member Kniss' question
earlier. The weighting would be accomplished and determined by the
Council alone?

Ms. Gitelman: You would receive a recommendation from the Planning
Director and the Council would decide.

Mayor Holman: They wouldn't go through HRB or ARB for recommendation.

Ms. Gitelman: They would have already gone through HRB and ARB if they
were subject to those reviews, and you would have a recommendation from
those bodies on the individual projects, not on selection between the
projects.

Mayor Holman: That's very clarifying. Council Member Kniss, are you good
now?

Council Member Kniss: I really appreciate that question, because that's one
of the places that I was going with this. I want to make sure that we're
actually looking at the very top of the Motion up there. Correct? I'm going
to end up voting for this even though I have a very difficult time with "E."
There's no way at 12:30 I'm going to pull "E" out for any reason and go
through this all again. I think this is adequate. I think it's overkill for the
next two years. At the same time, I think it's also important that we stick
together on where we're going to go with this. This will go the Comp Plan
Committee, and it will be something that I'm sure they will carefully look at
and perhaps incorporate into where they're going with it or they may not.
In any event, thank you. I'm certainly ready to ...

Mayor Holman: With that, we are ready to vote on the board please.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can just say a few words after the vote.

Mayor Holman: That passes on a 9-0 vote.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: Yes, Hillary.
                                                                       Page 132 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
