                         TRANSCRIPT
think all of our recommendations and all of our discussions have been about
this concept where you would have to then opt in through petition. We'd
like to create an administrative process for neighbors to do that. Just one
more thought. I think the Staff and the stakeholders have talked over the
last couple of years about the potential of actually designating spaces on the
streets in one way or another for employee spaces. Tonight someone
mentioned one side of the street versus the other. I think our feeling is that
would be very, very difficult to do and not have neighbors fighting with each
other about where those spots get designated. Our proposal, I think,
consistently has been that we sell permits to employees, and then designate
some kind of zone. We've talked about a couple of different configurations
of where those permits would enable them to park. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: First, one of the things I'd like to say is particularly
to Staff that this is something that's actually worked. It's not perfect yet.
As we say, don't let what's really good get in the way of total perfection,
because we actually have made some strides. It was great to hear from
people like Neilson tonight who doesn't always see this in the same way.
Chop tonight as well, and Richard Brand. We actually have made some
progress. I don't want us to forget that. I think we might have put the cart
before the horse a little on "C" where we go into "a" and "b." I'm looking at
page 991. I'm concerned that we make too many determinative decisions
now. What I'd like is that we do exactly what's on "a," which is approve the
annexation. Whomever it was that lives on Hamilton, I was amazed the first
day I came off of University and took Hamilton as my shortcut to City Hall. I
thought someone was having a huge party. I was just amazed later to
discover what was happening. Adjacent neighborhoods, absolutely who
want to be eligible. I am not sure that people won't walk more than a half
mile. As most of you know, I walk everyday 3 or 4 miles. It is not very far
from my house to Downtown. You can do it in 15 or 20 minutes. I would
not be surprised to see eventually this really fan out much further than
simply a half mile. I think that becomes simply—that's an artificial limit.
There are some areas of this—I think Neilson pointed out a couple of them.
If you cross over Embarcadero—there's a light on Waverley, by the way,
that's very popular—you would pick up some more of the streets that also
are in this zone that could be Zone C. The piece of this that I have trouble
with and wouldn't vote to do at this point, because I really think this is
preemptive, if we limit employee permit sales to 2,000 permits within the
proposed boundaries without even knowing how the proposed boundaries
are going to work yet, and decrease the permit sales by 200 permits a year
and, therefore, after 10 years no permits will be available, I really don't
want to sit here tonight and make a decision about what could happen in 10
                                                                       Page 49 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
