                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: First, I want to ask one clarifying question that may
sort of be a moot point. The Staff Report talks about the maximum height
with CC(2) being 50 feet due to adjacency to the RM-40 or a PC. When I
look at the Zoning Code, under CC(2) there's a standard of 37 feet and then
an exception of 35 feet unless it's adjacent to an RM-40 or a PC. My reading
is that it wouldn't go up to 50; it would go to 37 under CC(2). Is that
correct? Hillary, if you need to look that up, go right ahead. That's
18.16.060. I did want to follow up on the RM-40 concept. One of the
questions is actually we've discussed in our Housing Element about needing
to or desiring—it was one of our open intentions, to move some of the
housing sites from roughly the San Antonio area that don't have the
services, don't have transit down to our Cal. Ave. and Downtown areas. We
haven't done that yet, right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. We made a commitment as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update to examine whether we would like to move
some of those sites farther north and either identify new sites or increase
densities on existing sites.

Council Member Burt: RM-40 is a zoning that we haven't had built in the
community very often for quite a while, as I recall. It's a 1.0 Floor Area
Ratio, meaning on about a 20,000 square foot lot they would be able to build
20,000 square feet, but they would be eligible for a housing density bonus.
When we consider this, we have to be thinking about that impact, that our
zoning no longer is what our zoning says. It's our zoning plus what the
State mandates within the restrictions that we set up. Those are small
units.    There would be additional units, not additional square footage
probably. Anyway, if you had just the base zoning, that's about 500 square
foot units. These are not big family units; these are units that would be the
size for the demographics that we're seeing the greatest demand for, young
professionals and aging adults who want smaller units. That's an interesting
concept for me. What it doesn't yet have—we've had this discussion—is we
don't have a mixed use that essentially is a RM-40, so there would be
ground-floor retail. Is that correct? Under RM-40, there is no provision for
retail at a site like this, is that right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mr. Reich: That's correct.      Under the multifamily zoning, you can't do
commercial uses.

Council Member Burt: Just to wrap up, were you able to locate the
reference I made and whether I'm interpreting it correctly or not?


                                                                      Page 58 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
