                         TRANSCRIPT
vehicles could use part of the medians to pass. We did look at the kind of
average median length. For this plan line, the average length of a median is
167 feet, so it's not very long. The longest median proposed is 750 feet,
which is in front of the Hoover school. What we're talking about is not long,
long blocks of median that run along, so there will not be access points.
There's left turns in and out, but we can look and work with the Fire
Department to see if we can get some kind of mountable curbs out there.

Council Member DuBois: I mean, it seems like it'd be nice if you could have
a median, but make it accessible for emergency vehicles. This has obviously
been a controversial area. It's a major connector; it's a major bus route, a
lot of schools. My concerns right now have to do with—basically there were
two paragraphs in there that—sorry I didn't say it. That we didn't evaluate
increasing capacity for future growth.      Then the next paragraph, we
anticipate growth at 15 to 55 percent along this corridor in 2030. My
concern is really about how permanent we make these changes. We
basically are saying we're going to get growth; we're not planning for it. In
particular, there are several lane merges that aren't in place yet. I'm
wondering if there'd be a way to test those before we make those
permanent in hardscape, specifically, if Fabian Way, Middlefield and the El
Camino changes. Do you have any thoughts on that?

Ms. Boyd: I think it would be possible to do additional striping to see those
changes. I don't know if it would be very effective. Again, what we're
seeing on some of the double-double medians now, people don't follow
them. They make illegal U-turns over them. They drive through to make
the left turn. I'm not sure how effective this would be.

Council Member DuBois: If you got rid of a merge lane, though, they're not
going to be able to ...

Ms. Boyd: I'm sorry, could ...

Council Member DuBois: If you got rid of a merge—if you moved the merge
lanes, they're not going to be able to drive two abreast then.

Ms. Boyd: Yeah. Those would be—I mean, the merge lane for the one for
Middlefield, we're really just moving the merge lane to the other side,
headed west instead of on the east side of the intersection. Instead of the
west intersection, it's now on the east. Again, so we could get that right-
turn pocket in. I'm going to defer to Josh actually on the future growth
questions that you mentioned earlier in your comments.
                                                                      Page 96 of 130
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/28/15
