                         TRANSCRIPT
understanding. If you want to stay with that resident only piece, then just
accept that there are clearly some folks who many of you know and respect
for their views on transit or other areas where we'd say, "We're going with
residents only." If we were to choose a few folks, we'd be very sensitive to
the fact that it had to be a very small number, just because it starts to look
like you've got nonresidents on the group. On the other hand, it's ultimately
the group you want to see. We'll follow your directive.

Council Member Scharff: Would you be willing to add that it must be a Palo
Alto resident except that you may have two to three people that work in Palo
Alto?

Council Member DuBois: It comes down to "f" as well, which is ideally we're
not getting a person who's just an expert in one thing. They could fill
multiple roles. I was hoping they would be in a neighborhood and be a
resident and be an expert in transportation and maybe own a business.
Knock out four things. Do you really feel like this is a hard requirement?

Mr. Keene: We can follow your directive. I just saw a number of you
nodding in agreement. We can make the first pass with the directive of
residents. If somehow there was a gap, we're back to the question about
being able to answer.

Council Member Scharff: I might like you to have that flexibility. Obviously,
if you can find all residents, great. Obviously, if you can find someone who
is a business owner or world expert and lives in a neighborhood, that'd be
great.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt's offering some language.

Council Member Burt: It's actually a comment. I had been very interested
in how we're going to have broad outreach. If we do, we're going to see
that, yes, there are nonresidents who have some exceptional contributions,
but we're going to see a whole bunch of residents coming forward who we
didn't even know of and who have exceptional expertise. In the SOFA plan
alone, where we had maybe a dozen different stakeholder categories and we
wanted people from the neighborhood. This was the University south
neighborhood. Were we going to find people with that special expertise who
lived in that neighborhood, lived or worked in the neighborhood? We did.
There was a bunch of people we'd never heard of who had all kinds of
expertise. You think about this community, if we open the doors, we're
going to have a whole bunch of people with great expertise who also live
here. I don't think we're going to have that choice. We're going to go
Citywide. Out of 65,000 people in Palo Alto, we don't need to reach outside
our boundaries to get people with qualifications.
                                                                       Page 111 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
