                          TRANSCRIPT
aquifer at this site is less than 10 feet below grade. The underground
garage is going to penetrate that aquifer. On page 301 of the packet,
Mitigation 7 talks about a dewatering plan and pumping and treating the
water and dumping it. That's not a good idea when we have a problem with
water due to our drought. You don't want to put a building in which requires
removing water and dumping it from the aquifer. Second, it talks about how
we have to have a vapor barrier, waterproof and vapor barrier underneath,
and only sample in the garage for one year. EPA requires sampling in the
occupied area for at least five years. That's what we should be doing here.
In addition to sampling for the OC contamination in the garage, we should
require sampling in the first and second floors for at least five years. That's
where people could be exposed to toxic materials. There are some real
problems that haven't been adequately addressed on this site. One other
thing. Referring to what could be built in nearby sites is irrelevant. What
could be isn't pertinent. What's there is. Scale the project back, put in
adequate parking, and put in adequate protections against the potential
hazards from the groundwater.

Robin Leiman: Hi, thank you. My name is Robin Leiman. I'm a commercial
real estate professional. Tarlton Properties is a client of mine. Tarlton
Properties is also my landlord, because I am in 2555 Park. I'm a resident of
Palo Alto. I live in an Eichler. I support all the rules that everyone talks
about, not putting a second story above Eichlers in a residential
neighborhood. What we're talking about here is a commercial building that's
been designed to Code, and it is more than adequately parked as designed.
I work in the building, and I have no problem getting a parking space every
time I go, because there are always some available. I don't drive; I usually
bike. Because the building now, as I understand, is actually per Code under-
parked. The new building is going to provide even more parking spaces that
probably aren't even needed at this building.        Again, because Tarlton
Properties has gone to great lengths to meet all of the requirements, they're
providing all the parking spaces as required.         What I've found very
interesting about this discussion, which I didn't understand and Council
asked many questions about, is the height. I found it very interesting that
what was discovered is that the developer's allowed to build the building to
37 feet, add any kind of roof screen on top of it, adding 15 feet. What
they're asking for is, rather than do that, we just want to pop up the
elevators to serve the roof and we're being very considerate of minimizing
the impact of electrical equipment and roof screens to the neighborhood.
That's expensive to do. The cheaper way is to build a 15-foot screen, toss
stuff back there, and have it go. I wanted to say that I'm in support of the
project even though I'm probably going to lose my office space. One other
thing. There are many beautiful historic buildings in Palo Alto that thankfully
are being preserved, including many Eichlers. I live in an Eichler. This
                                                                        Page 58 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
