                         TRANSCRIPT
legitimate. In addition, Mr. Liberman talked about what would you do if a
new proposal came to the City that was a Tier 2 use. I just wanted to point
out that comment, because I expect that tonight we're going to have a lot of
conversation about CPI and amortization and things like that. I don't want
to lose sight of the fact that the hazardous materials ordinance we presented
to you is really about making sure that if a new Tier 2 business were to
come to Palo Alto, that they would have to conform to the standards in the
new ordinance. Without this ordinance, a new Tier 2 use would not be
regulated except as a CUPA use or as a Tier 1 use. I wanted to make that
point. In addition, just responding to Mr. Moss' comment about the need for
neighborhood notification. If new hazardous materials are used onsite, that
is included in the current ordinance in 18.23.100(b). I can point that out to
Mr. Moss if he's interested. Now, I think the City Attorney wanted to add
some thoughts.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Molly Stump, City
Attorney. Mr. Daugherty and Ms. Lake both made some comments of a legal
nature that I'll respond to at just a very high level. With respect to the
zoning ordinance, Mr. Daugherty questioned the scientific basis for the
categories of the chemicals in the proposed ordinance and the 300-foot
distance and suggested that the ordinance was tailored for one specific
business. We've reviewed these issues very carefully. It's our position that
the rational basis is established for the categorizations that are present in
the ordinance that are before you, most of which are based on existing
categories in State and Federal law. As you've heard tonight from the Staff
presentation and from a representative from another business in town, the
ordinance is one of general applicability. It very well will apply to some
sensitive receptors and other businesses as well as the CPI facility. The
second general area of comment is that there were some comments by
Ms. Lake about the amortization period. We do recognize that this is an
area where there are disagreements that could potentially lead to litigation.
We've presented you with an ordinance that we believe is lawful, but we do
acknowledge that there is a possibility that litigation could be filed. If that
were to occur, it would be the judicial branch that would review these rules
and ultimately judge the adequacy of that ordinance against Constitutional
standards. There is some significant possibility of at least delays during any
judicial process. I think it makes sense to hear from Council Members and
to understand Council's direction.       If Council wants some additional
suggestions from Staff with respect to potentially attempting to navigate
some of these issues, we can provide that guidance as the evening
progresses. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we've heard a lot tonight from a lot of
different sources. Can I suggest that we do—if we need to do a second a
                                                                            Page 61 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
