                          TRANSCRIPT
think it's going to dominate the street and not in a good way. Two years
review is not a long time for a building like this, that is massive and is likely
to be controversial by its style and design. I believe it is a carbuncle in
Downtown Palo Alto. It is less attractive than the Cheesecake Factory, and I
never thought I would have to say that. Please, I do urge you to send this
back to the ARB and have some more major design improvements done to
this building. Usually I actually support building no parking for massive
building projects on the theory that people will use alternative transportation
if they do not have parking spaces at the place where they work. However,
in this case, the execution of the Downtown RPP has been so disappointing
that I do not think you should be approving any more projects that are not
self-parked until that is satisfactorily resolved. Code compliant or not, I
think that there are some major issues with traffic and parking that are not
being addressed, and those should be addressed as a priority. Please send
this back to the ARB.

Mayor Holman: Sam Arsan to be followed by JC Andrade.

Sam Arsan: Hello. My name is Sam Arsan; I'm with Arsan Realty. I've
been involved with retail leasing in Downtown Palo Alto for over 20 years. I
believe this project will be a great addition to the Downtown area. It will
greatly enhance Downtown for the current tenants and future tenants. I
respectfully request that you approve this project. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:       Thank you.     JC Andrade to be followed by Michaela
Dieffenbach.

JC Andrade: Good evening, Mayor, Vice Mayor, Council. Thank you so
much for hearing me out on this. This first came to my attention a few
months ago. Michael, thank you as well for sticking up for us on this. I'm
now currently partnered up with Vino Locale which is at 431 Kipling Street
which is right across from where Zibibo used to be. When I first got to this
place, I said, "Wow. That's a beautiful street." As you know, all Victorian
homes and they all look like family homes. It's a beautiful place to be. It's
actually one of the few hideaways that you have here in Palo Alto now, that's
still left standing, that you can say, "Wow. That is old Palo Alto." That is
Palo Alto. That embodies Palo Alto. With this proposed building, we will be
hidden away even more. We're already tucked away down this little street.
The parking, it's not as bad as other streets. When you say let's take away
a couple of spaces, it gets a little worse. When you put this building on the
corner, then what do we do? It's such a massive building that it will
absolutely hide us away. There will be no more this hidden gem. There will
be no more beautiful little Kipling Street. There needs to be just—let's go
back to the drawing board. I'm all for progression; I'm all for building; I'm

                                                                             Page 12 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
