                          TRANSCRIPT
obstacles, including regulatory and legal obstacles. Our local legislators
have said that they are ready and raring to address whatever obstacles we
identify are in the way of us being able to achieve these objectives. because
they know that we are setting trends that others will be attempting to follow
in short order behind that. We're not going to be long-term outliers. We're
just going to be ahead of the curve and help achieve that curve. Thanks for
all this good work. We have a lot before us, but we have a basis for
optimization in our goals in both our greenhouse gases and a sustainable
water system. Technology and innovation allow us to have within our sights
some major achievements and continue to have this done at low cost. I'll
add one note that it looks, and we want to see the data, like the recycling of
the water is likely to be at lower cost than we're paying for Hetch Hetchy.
It'll actually reduce our water cost. Just like our renewables, we're having
100 percent clean energy in our electricity, and we're at 20 percent below
Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E). This assumption that we're going to have
tradeoffs between our environmental goals and our economic goals just
doesn't appear to be the case. Thanks.

Council Member Berman: A couple of quick questions. Thank you, guys,
very much for all the work that you've done and all the work that we're
going to ask you to do in the future. On Staff Report Page eight, Packet
Page 13, there's a chart, Figure 1, Greenhouse Gas Emissions for City
Operations by Activity Category. You allude to the fact that greenhouse gas
emissions have increased a bit for building and other facilities in large part
because some facilities have come online that were previously offline. We
can all understand that. I didn't see, and maybe I missed, a more thorough
explanation for why the solid waste facility's greenhouse gas emissions have
gone up 2X over two years ago.

Mr. Friend: Is Phil Bobel still here? Phil, can I bring you up?

Mr. Bobel: I'm not how you're concluding that we've gone up twice.

Council Member Berman: I could be completely misinterpreting the—it's on
Packet Page 13.

Mr. Bobel: Let us look at that. That doesn't compute for me.

Council Member Berman: Got you. That works for me. Thank you. Page
12 of the report, Packet Page 17, now I'm missing it. I just can't read what
that bottom left quadrant is on the pie chart.

Mr. Friend: The bottom left of the pie is air travel. About 21 percent of the
total. These are estimates based on aggregate numbers in the region, I
believe. They're not specific to here. We'll be trying to drill in and get

04/20/2015                                                             117- 296
