                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: That's valuable. What I was trying to ask was the
amount of dollars that we're putting into our Capital Improvement Fund this
year versus previous years.

Mr. Keene: Can I add to that? There's two issues—got to clarify this.
We've been putting very little traditionally into capital expenditures in
Cubberley. In addition, we're now out of the agreement that we had, have
an additional like $1.9 million a year from the Covenant Not to Develop that
is to go to Cubberley. Even over the next five-year period, that's almost $10
million. Yet, in the CIP that we have over the five-year period, we're only
budgeting right now—the way this shows it—like $2.8 million in spending.
The question is, is that also in a sinking fund that is sitting out there. That's
something I was also hearing.

Council Member Burt: We budgeted a certain amount of dollars to be
expended in FY 2015. We have a certain amount this year to be expended
in this year, as opposed to the whole carryover methodology. I'm trying to
do an apples-to-apples comparison of what we're putting into CIP from
dollars.

Mr. Rossmann: We have to make some calculations for you quickly, because
of the reappropriations change. Staff probably can do this; we'll get back to
you during this meeting.

Council Member Burt: In this whole change over in the methodology, we've
lost one of these clear points of reference. We can break it down in the
budget itself, in the capital improvement document. It would be nice to
have that laid out in a clear fashion. One particular item is the Bike Bridge.
I read from the Staff Report that we're apparently seeing an increase in the
total estimated cost for the bridge above what we had discussed. First, I
need to make sure I understood that right, that that has occurred, in part
apparently because just a small fraction of it was the feasibility study that
had not been included before. That's $280,000 and that matters, but it's not
the biggest dollars. We're pushing 12 million. First, I want to confirm that I
understood it correctly, that change has occurred.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Good evening, Council.
Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works. I was trying to turn to
the page in the memo that includes the information about the Bike Bridge.
I'm not finding it readily. What's described in the memo is that the
information on the budget here, that's in the CIP currently, still reflects the
$10 million total project budget, when you consider that you're not including
City Staff salaries and benefits or the feasibility study costs.


                                                                          Page 36 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
