                          TRANSCRIPT
you've gathered the first crop of it. There's still more to be done as the
economics shift, as we get smarter, as technologies change. We'll continue
to look at that, both improving operations within existing technologies as
well as looking for technology replacement, where that makes sense.

Council Member DuBois: I get the sense you're asking us to get to the point
of agreeing to a big goal or what the goal is. I'd like to see a goal that's
supported by facts. Not that we'll know everything up front, but hopefully
it'll be supported to a large portion. I don't want us to get caught up in this
abstract goal without understanding the economics behind it, how technically
reasonable it is. We can be cutting edge, but we need to understand how
far over the edge we are and how we leverage the power of the market in
terms of innovation. We have a unique opportunity to be a test bed. We
have this utility; we should be easier to work with than the larger utilities.
Hopefully innovators come to us and see us that way. As it's been said at
the UAC meeting, we need to keep the lights on, we need to have
reasonable rates for our payers. We all want to be progressive. If we try
and fail, that's not the example we want to be. Obviously you're going to
come back with a more detailed plan. In thinking about what the goal
should be, continuing the improvements we've been making is not
necessarily a given.       It's not easy to keep continually making those
improvements. It's going to be harder and harder to eke out returns; it's
going to cost more; it's going to require more focus. I don't assume
necessarily we're on the path. If you look at our progress, it hasn't really
been a smooth curve. It's been starts and stops, which you would expect.
There was a short discussion here about net zero and performance-based
goals. The way I read it, it was a choice between prescriptive approaches
and performance-based approaches. I'd like to see us do both. When we
get to things like land use, we talk about zoning for what we want. We
could zone for what we want and we could set performance requirements
and targets. I don't necessarily see them as an either/or choice. Thanks.

Mr. Friend: Thank you, Council Member. Could I respond to a couple of the
points?

Mayor Holman: Absolutely.

Mr. Friends: Thank you for the clarification. Performance-based goals not
versus prescriptive, there's a combination of both of those. There's new
territory for us to explore in performance-based. That was the point we
were trying to make there. I agree with you that continuing the trajectory
we've been on is not a given. It requires commitment and diligence to do
that. The trajectory that Council Member Burt referred to before includes
the one-year big drop of eliminating the electricity footprint. It's averaged


04/20/2015                                                             117- 301
