                         TRANSCRIPT
it anymore. It's not necessarily going to change things dramatically, but it
can raise consciousness. What a lot of this is about is just mindfulness.
That's what a lot of it is about. Landscape and water. I agree with a
number of the comments that have been made, Council Member Burt's
comments about landscape in particular. There's something that's missing
for me just by reference. That is that there doesn't seem to be an
acknowledgement that as we try to conserve water in our landscape and
convert from grass to other plantings, that we need to consider habitat. I
just don't see it referenced. The Urban Forest Master Plan is coming to us in
the not too distance future. I've forgotten exactly what date. When we're
talking about conserving water in the landscape, we aren't talking about how
trees need water. We need to integrate that. We don't want to have
unintended consequences because one document isn't referring to another,
isn't integrating in it the essential portions of what another document
contains. Habitat and our canopy needing water. Habitat is not just pick a
ground animal, but it's also habitat for those pollinators that we rely on for
just that, pollination. Gil, you're not going to be surprised at this. I've
mentioned this before. I mentioned it this morning. Our Construction and
Demolition (C&D), we talk about low-hanging fruit. We've had a C&D
Ordinance, Construction and Demolition Ordinance, since 2004. The chart
that's in your presentation, I think there's one similar to it in the Packet,
shows that we are pretty flat on the last three years. We even had a little
bit of a spike four years ago about C&D and landfill diversion. I was told
previously that in Palo Alto that's due to construction activities. That would
be consistent with what I know San Francisco's numbers are. Their numbers
are also flat because of construction activities. You may hear a little bit of
my frustration in this, because year after year I raise this. Phil Bobel is so
familiar with me saying these things. While we have this low-hanging fruit,
we know that new materials cause impacts because of their manufacture.
The last numbers that I saw, I don't know if these is current or not, new
materials are transported seven times, all that transportation, before they
reach their final destination. Reclaimed materials can be reutilized either
onsite or on another site, requires no new manufacture and most likely more
local delivery to a new site. Sites that are completely demolished require
water to water down the site to keep the dust down. It's another impact of
solely demolition. If you salvage, you don't take nearly as much water
because very little dust is created. Only when you're dealing with the
concrete do you have that much dust creation. I talked about the City has a
robust green building program, the new Green Building Ordinance, all of
that. We're not recognizing the embedded energy in existing materials and
existing buildings. We don't do anything that I can see to encourage
adaptive reuse of buildings. There are a lot of occasions where it could.
Look at our new Rinconada Library. That's a great example. Not always is
that possible, of course, but I don't see us encouraging that. It is low-

04/20/2015                                                             117- 305
