                          TRANSCRIPT
asking for any more staffing. I'll just put that out there for you guys to
answer. Since the Mayor's going to cut me off soon, I'll just throw out one
last thing which is on enforcement. I think we do need to look at escalating
the fines. We are talking about the law here. I want to make sure people
understand that this is not an optional program or a recommendation.

Mr. Fehrenbach: Just to respond. The Staff recommendation is not to
increase or enhance any enforcement techniques. It's essentially to stay the
course, use the tools that we have and try getting through a full cycle of the
Business Register. If, in fact, the Council directs us otherwise, we would
need to return with, depending on what the Council directs us to do, a
request for additional resources.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks for the clarification. It sounds like you're
looking to us for guidance, and we're looking to you for ideas on
enforcement. Hopefully we don't just go around in circles. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. Thank you for the work
that you guys have done so far. I think nobody expected us to hit 100
percent uptake in Year 1. If anybody did, that was unrealistic. A 68 or 71
percent—I can't remember if we set goals—I think that's pretty good. I
think this is going to be the kind of case where you kind of have not the
90/10 rule, but the 80/20 rule, where you get 80 percent uptake with 20
percent of the work and the last 20 is going to take 80 percent of the work.
I think we should really prioritize, which I think is what you're suggesting we
do. Currently non-complying entities, we spend a lot of time trying to get
information from. Of the how many? Nine hundred entities, businesses,
that we don't have information from, can you guys take a look at that list
and say of these 900 entities, the top 150 are going to net 80 percent of the
employees, so let's really kind of figure out a strategy to go get that
information. Then all of a sudden, maybe the number of entities we have is
still only 85 percent, but the information we have for number of employees
is 95 or something and that's much better. I guess my suggestion to you
guys is go that route and try to get the most useful information possible.
That's not necessarily the number of entities; that's the size of the number
of entities. This federal tax ID number issue, I notice that you said that
every other city has that as a requirement. I know we were getting push
back on it; I was getting push back on it from some folks. Have we asked
the other cities maybe what arguments they used to folks as to why it's
necessary? If we're the only the city that doesn't have it, clearly having it
isn't the end of the world.


                                                                        Page 19 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
