                          TRANSCRIPT
all with regard to the CEQA appeals. Currently, the City's practice is that if
the decision is made by the Planning Director and not appealed, then the
Planning Director does make the underlying CEQA decision. Most of those
CEQA decisions are either exemptions from CEQA or negative declarations.
It's not common that the Planning Director will actually make a decision that
is not appealed when there's an EIR associated with the project. It is very
common that the Planning Director makes decisions involving a negative
declaration or a CEQA exemption. What we are suggesting with these
amendments is to codify the existing practice that the Planning Director has
authority not only to make the entitlement decision but also to make the
related CEQA decision. The reason why we're recommending that that be
codified is that there was a recent state case that came down that said that
this authority, even though cities have done this routinely through implied
authority, that authority really needs to be expressed in the Code. This is
really just a cleanup issue as we view it. We also thought as we were
examining this issue that we should take a more in-depth look at our
practice with respect to EIRs. There is some uncertainty with respect to that
practice. We have a set of old CEQA guidelines that appear to specify that
the Planning Director should not rule on EIRs, that that should be the
Council's domain. We think for the most part that that is a good practice.
Certainly with respect to EIRs that require statements of overriding decision,
the Planning Director should not be making EIR decisions when you have to
balance policy decisions in order to make a statement of overriding
considerations. Those types of EIRs really should be elevated to the City
Council.    However, EIRs that don't involve a statement of overriding
consideration, we think that those should properly be passed on by the
Planning Director in the first instance. Of course, if there is an appeal, the
appeal can go to the City Council. With respect to one of the public
member's comments about whether there are two different appeal
procedures that we have now created with these amendments, we have had
a series of different appeal decisions historically. We allow applicants to
appeal just the CEQA decision or just the entitlement, so we don't view
calling out this CEQA appeal as creating another level of appeal. If you
would like—I think the concern about the appeal fees is a legitimate one.
That's something that can certainly be addressed by this Council if you want
to just have a single appeal fee in the event that both the entitlement and
CEQA decision are appealed. That would be fine. With respect to the issue
about the PTOD district, what Staff is finding is that the PTOD district simply
is not being used. There wasn't an exhaustive study about what type of
additional housing density would be required through the PTOD district to
make that district worthwhile to use. We think that by eliminating the
language that doesn't allow additional density bonus to be used in the PTOD
district would be more in line with existing State law and also would continue

                                                                        Page 41 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
