                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman suggested the Council direct Staff to explore some basic
parameters or ideas that addressed the issue.

Council Member Scharff noted Staff identified interim steps to slow the pace
of development.     One interim steps was funding for a Transportation
Management Agency (TMA); however, the Council could not impose fees.
He requested Staff explain how that interim step would work.

Ms. Gitelman stated this was a topic about which Staff could return with
more detailed information. Staff would have to perform a nexus analysis to
determine the relationship between new development and the impacts
addressed by the approach. Staff could explore what that looked like and
how long it would take if the Council was interested.

Council Member Scharff asked how a temporary reduction of allowable office
density would work.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff could probably perform that without an EIR, but
the Council would need to provide more details. Staff reserved the right to
return with a more detailed analysis.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether an interim measure would expire
when the Comprehensive Plan was complete.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes.

Council Member Scharff wanted to know the objective of a development cap.

Ms. Gitelman explained that pacing new development related to the
community's perception that traffic and parking demand and development
had increased much faster and the impacts were more severe in the post-
recession economic period than in the past. The question was whether
metering the pace of new development would address those underlying
community perceptions. Employment densities and the use of existing
building space was identified by many as the primary driver of traffic
congestion. The City could regulate new development. The question for the
Council was whether the idea was worthy of consideration given the
concerns articulated by the community.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff identified community objectives other
than traffic and parking.

Ms. Gitelman believed the community's objectives were primarily traffic and
parking and the pace of development.



02/09/2015                                                           116- 465
