                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I guess I'll challenge or question it, since no one's
done that. First of all, just so I understand this. This is for someone who
has a house where they want an HIE or they have an HIE in the past. Is
that correct? Or the last five years, would that be—who does this apply to?

Mr. Lait: The five-year provision, I believe, is an attachment, is ...

Council Member Scharff: Is not part of this?

Mr. Lait: That's right.

Council Member Scharff: Who does this apply to?

Mr. Lait: Anybody who would seek to apply for an HIE, which is an existing
provision in the Code today, no change. This reflects current practice.

Council Member Scharff: This reflects current practice. This is my concern
or my question. When you start to remodel your house, it turns out
oftentimes that your contractor finds dry rot. At which—this bleeds into the
other one, so I'll comment on it as well. Dry rot, in my view, is almost
similar to an act of God. The homeowner is not willfully having dry rot. You
need to replace your dry rot. I don't see any reason why people shouldn't
be able to rip off the walls if that's what it takes. I'm really asking why is
there not a dry rot exception in this? It makes no sense to not let people—
why would we encourage people not to fix dry rot?

Mr. Lait: You're right, this does begin to blend into the other Attachment E
item, but it also touches another section of the Code that we're not touching
tonight, that allows for the repair and maintenance of that type of damage.
If you have that condition that you've described, you can repair it
(crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: What you're really telling me is—I just want to
make sure that I understand it. We're adding including exterior siding or
cladding which was what wasn't there before. You're saying that codifies
existing practice, but existing practice is also that if I'm making this HIE—
you get the contractor out once. The contractor finds a bunch of dry rot.
You usually tell the guy go ahead, fix it. They have to tear off the walls to
do that often, sometimes the exterior cladding. I mean, that's sort of how
they do it. You're telling me that somewhere else in our Code it allows them


                                                                         Page 49 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
