                         TRANSCRIPT
Amado Padilla: I'm here once again in support of the youth living in Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park. Several Stanford students and I are in the process
of conducting a survey of youth between 12 and 24 who live in the park.
The purpose of this survey is to ask about the emotional stressors these
young people are experiencing because of the pending closure of the park
and the real possibility of having to transfer to new schools. We have
identified 85 youth who fit our profile. As of yesterday, we have surveyed
50 percent of them. Briefly, we have learned that most of the young people
we have spoken to have lived in Buena Vista for all or at least most of their
life and consider Palo Alto their home. Of the young people who are still in
school, we have learned that they consider their school to be their home
away from home. Students report positive relationships with teachers and
other adults in the school and feel that the school community cares for
them. Students report a high level of stress at the prospect of having to
attend school in another community. The mere idea of moving to another
school evokes strong emotional responses from them. They report not
feeling good about even having to think about living anywhere else other
than Buena Vista. Breaking the bonds with the teachers and friends they
have at the school is weighing heavily on them. Not surprising in our
interview with the older 19-24 year olds, who have graduated mostly from
Gunn High School, we have learned that many of them are attending nearby
community or four-year colleges. These older youth worry about their
younger siblings who will not benefit from the same Palo Alto education they
have received. As has already been stated multiple times by different
community members, the closure of Buena Vista will impact everyone who
resides there. However, I believe that the closure will have a much more
devastating impact on the teens and the young adults who identify with Palo
Alto and with their schools. I recognize that the Palo Alto Unified School
Board has indicated support for the children of Buena Vista by affirming that
students could remain in the district. However, realistically this will not
apply to most Buena Vista youth, whose families will necessarily have to
move a long distance from Palo Alto because of the lack of affordable
housing in Palo Alto and in nearby communities. Consequently, I urge you
as elected community leaders to find a solution in which to preserve Buena
Vista in Palo Alto especially for the approximate 85 youth or so who live in
Buena Vista. Thank you.

Minutes Approval

Mayor Holman: We have at places a suggested correction to the minutes of
April 6 brought to our attention by Bob Moss and recommended or
suggested by City Clerk Beth Minor.



                                                                        Page 15 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
