                         TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto. You heard from Lisa Hendrickson, Avenidas' past President and
CEO, who is so deeply committed to this organization and to this community
that she has stayed at Avenidas for more than 16 years. This plan to
expand Avenidas' Bryant center in Downtown Palo Alto has been her vision
for almost ten years, a vision that I am now proud to step up and support
through my new role as the new CEO of Avenidas. You also heard from
several of our clients and community partners who spoke from the heart
about what Avenidas means to them.            Indeed, Avenidas has made a
meaningful and lasting difference in the lives of so many individuals in our
community, and it will continue to do so for decades more to come,
especially as our population continues to age. As previously mentioned, we
have enjoyed a strong partnership with the City of Palo Alto for over 40
years now. The City has generously allowed us to operate out of its
historical Birge Clark building at 450 Bryant Street. The Bryant Street
center is conveniently located for the hundreds of people who use it every
month. We're actively preparing the center to serve the next big generation
of older adults, the Baby Boomers. The $5 million that we're requesting will
enable us to bring the building into the 21st century and to provide a wealth
of new programs and services to reach an even greater number of older
adults and their families in Palo Alto and beyond. Beyond that, we will
continue to seek creative ways to be a senior center without walls, bringing
our programs and services out into the wider community including south
Palo Alto. The Bryant center is our home; we too want to age in place in the
home that we know and we love. The City of Palo Alto is renowned for its
entrepreneurial and pioneering spirit. There's no doubt why so many older
adults want to age in place in Palo Alto. We sincerely thank the City for our
ongoing partnership and hope that you will approve our $5 million request
this evening so that we can continue to innovate and turn the concept of a
traditional senior center on its head. In doing so, I am confident that we will
continue to serve as a role model for the rest of the nation and perhaps the
world. Thank you.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members, it's after 10:00 p.m. I'd
like to remind you that your procedures say that before 10:00 p.m. the
Council will decide and announce whether it will begin consideration of any
agenda items after 10:30 p.m. and, if so, which specific items will be taken
up. On this agenda item, the Staff Report on the first page recommends
that you contribute financial support of $5 million. On the last page of the
Staff Report, it says that the City's expenditure of funds is subject to
environmental review and the scope of the project is still evolving. Once the
project plans are settled, then you'll determine what the environmental
review would be. As you know, under the California Environmental Quality
Act, you can't approve a project until you've done the environmental review.
You can't segment a project, and you can't make conditional approval for a
                                                                       Page 73 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
