                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait:  Thank you.        This language that you see—we're looking at
18.12.120?

Council Member Kniss: We are.

Mr. Lait: All of this is existing language that allows a homeowner to seek a
minor exception from the provisions of the Code. No changes are being
made there. There are some standards that apply that if you're going to ask
for this, the project must maintain 75 percent of the exterior walls. That's
an existing finding of fact that needs to be made. All we're trying to do is
clarify, amplify that provision with the underline here that says including
exterior siding or cladding. To reinforce the idea that we don't want to see
the stucco, the siding, all that stuff come off. You have to leave that in
place to qualify for this exemption.

Council Member Kniss: Because this looks to me as though this is a
conforming house to begin with, we're not looking at something that has a
variance. Correct?

Mr. Lait: No ...

Council Member Kniss: The complaints we've heard from SILVAR, you're
indicating do not apply to 18.12.120?

Mr. Lait: Correct.

Council Member Kniss: Do you want to say just a little more about that?
That's one of the areas that I think we've heard a lot about.

Mr. Lait: The SILVAR letter is related to page, I think it's 388, in Attachment
E, dealing with the substantial remodel. I think the way the Mayor's
approaching the grouping here, that would be one of the latter topics that
we would discuss, but I'll look to the Mayor and the Council to decide how
you want—if you want me to talk about that item now, I can talk about it.

Council Member Kniss: What I wanted to do is make sure that we knew this
wasn't the one that was included.

Mr. Lait: This is clearly not (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: This is conforming. This doesn't go into the variance
aspect of it. This does not address that question that SILVAR has put to us.

Mr. Lait: Correct. I spoke with the author and we had a very lengthy
conversation. This is not a dispute. I've not heard anybody challenge or
question this.
                                                                        Page 48 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
