                         TRANSCRIPT
still exterior building walls to the building. They would not become interior
walls.

Mayor Holman: I won't put it in the motion, but you might want to come
back with ...

Mr. Lait: An illustration or something.

Mayor Holman: Yeah, some kind of discretion around that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “including language
clarifications pertaining to Substantial Remodel.”

Mayor Holman: All right. Ready to vote on the motion. Pardon me for not
repeating it all. That motion passes unanimously. Hopefully bubble tea and
European Cobblery are both very happy.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: If Council Members can be adherent to this, I had a request
for about a three-minute leg stretch break between these two items. Please
do be back though in three minutes, so we can carry on.

Council took a break from 9:53 P.M. to 9:59 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you to the members of the public for staying with us
this evening as we go to Item Number 6.

6.    PUBLIC HEARING - Adoption of an Interim Ordinance Establishing a
      50,000 Square Foot Annual Limit on Office/R&D Development in a
      Portion of the City Including Downtown, the California Avenue Area,
      and the El Camino Corridor.      Environmental Assessment:     This
      Ordinance is Exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act
      (CEQA) Pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15061(b)(3); The
      Planning and Transportation Commission Recommended Adoption.

Mayor Holman: Does Staff have a presentation please?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:            Yes.
Thank you, Mayor Holman. I won't introduce the item again, since you just
did that. Let me start by talking a little bit about the context of what we're
here to discuss this evening. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director.
We've talked before about the job growth that's happened in the region and
in Palo Alto since the recession ended. This is such a compelling graph; I
like starting with this. We know that at least some of this job growth that's
                                                                       Page 79 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
