                          TRANSCRIPT
uncertainty for property owners, developers and the public, elongating the
entitlement process. Our view is that if this type of system were made
permanent, it does have the potential to direct office/R&D growth to other
parts of the City, but our professional thought was that in a two-year period,
it's hard to make really significant shifts in the market, and we wouldn't see
that kind of shift happening in the interim. We would have to evaluate it in
the Comp Plan EIR as a longer-term impact of this kind of program. We've
included it in a couple of the hypothetical scenarios we're analyzing in the
EIR for that reason. In terms of timeline, if the Council were to accept the
Ordinance tonight and choose to move forward, it would be subject to a
second reading which could be noticed for October 19th, and it would be
effective 30 days later which is around the middle of November, on
November 18th or 19th. That's essentially it. As I indicated, I think the
questions we have remaining for you are first coordinated area plans, should
they be in or should they be out; second, the process and criteria, would you
like to stick with a competitive process or shift to something like a first-
come-first-serve; would you like to stick with unweighted criteria or provide
some weighting in the Ordinance or direct Staff to include some weighting in
the administrative guidelines implementing this Ordinance; and finally the
pipeline definition. Those are four questions that we still need your input on.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I have currently five cards from members of
the public. Because we broke this into two different parts, I want to make
sure that everyone who wants to speak to this part of the item has a card on
file here. Ray Paul, Steve Pierce, Stephanie Munoz, Peter Stone and Terry
Holzmer. If anybody else wants to speak to this part of the consideration,
then please turn in a card at this time. First we have Ray Paul. You'll have
three minutes. To be followed by Steve Pierce, who I don't see.

Ray Paul: I'm here speaking on behalf of Jay Paul Company. In particular
at the June 15th meeting, I'm here to speak to the pipeline projects. The
first two projects here are Jay Paul Company projects. The first thing I'd like
to say is by our accounting, it's not the 3045 Park Boulevard Project is not a
net 29,000. It's a net 11,000. There's an 18,000 square foot building there
now, and that building is zoned in such a way that R&D/office is a permitted
use today. Just as a matter of simple reality, if we were forced to, we would
repurpose the building that's there for R&D/office, which is permitted today.
Our accounting is that between the two projects at 2747 and 3545
respectively, we're talking about a net 40,000. That makes a difference in
what I'm about to say. I think wisely the Council on the 15th exempted
pipeline projects. And why? What was the purpose? What was the point?
Developers spend money to do developments. We're a half million dollars,
in fact we were a half million dollars as of June 15 into this process whether
these two properties. We've since committed to spend another 65,000 at
                                                                       Page 100 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
