                         TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto is that sacrificial noise corridor. It does concern me that being
burned once, we're going to rush into something at the Palo Alto Airport
without notice to citizens. Perhaps you know all the details of what's going
on. I read the agreement. I have a lot of questions about details. Are we
going to get another Surf Air? What can come in under this agreement? We
need to know that. I'd like to encourage the City Council to pay a lot more
attention to air noise, what the FAA is doing, what air operators are doing.
Cities in San Mateo County have done this for a long term. They've created
a roundtable and, over the years, basically—the data shows this—traffic has
migrated from those locations. They have a net reduction in traffic. We
have a dramatic net increase. The City needs to basically take this on, do
what the cities of San Mateo County have done, basically focus more on the
serious implications of what can happen. That's not only what's happening
with the new routes into San Francisco Airport that are overhead, but the
potential for what could happen in the Palo Alto Airport if basically
agreements are rushed into. Lastly, I'd like to ask the City to give us as
citizens more notice and information early in terms of what is being
considered. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Rachel Kellerman to be followed by our final
speaker on this item, Stewart Carl.

Rachel Kellerman: Mayor Holman, Council, City Staff. On a positive notice,
I'm going to veer a minute off topic to give my great thanks to City Staff and
Council, especially Khash and Council Member Filseth, for working with
citizens to engage an intractable FAA and demand that they redesign our
airspace so that it is safe, efficient, and does not concentrate noise and
pollution in unhealthy ways. There was an exciting new development today.
The FAA finally responded, but there is much more work to be done before
we have healthier skies. Some good news. However, this ongoing next gen
FAA wicked problem should teach us how important transparency and
engaging stakeholders is in planning for aviation change.             I'm very
concerned that by adopting these minimum airport standards without full
environmental and stakeholder review, that the airport may take on an
operator that will add pollution and noise to our already toxic airspace. Once
an airport vendor is allowed access, it will be very difficult to evict them.
You have only to look north to the San Carlos Airport to see evidence of
communities struggling with airport noise due to the air taxi, Surf Air. So
far, these communities have been unable to find any relief from the constant
noise and air pollution caused by this commercial enterprise. What is the
rush? The airport has been working for a year now with no minimum
standards. Why not wait until this gentleman says there's going to be
comprehensive standards with stakeholders?           Why not do that now?
Because there was little community input aside from airport stakeholders
                                                                           Page 88 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
