                          TRANSCRIPT
compelling reason to do it ourself, given the private sector's willing to do it,
is that given the likelihood that a hardware physical infrastructure is going to
end up being a natural monopoly, then whoever does it, we're going to be
stuck with them. If they turn out not to be a good partner as has been
observed and alleged in the cable industry, then we're going to really wish
we'd gone in a different direction. On the other hand then, if it turns out
that there are alternatives, wireless for example, then the market seems
likely to evolve in a completely different direction. You don't see wireless
monopolies around the country. You've got AT&T and Verizon and T-Mobile
and so forth all competing against each other, which is probably a better
situation for us. Therefore, we've got to ask the question, is it really worth
us making this investment. I'm sort of wondering not do we need one or
not, but how should we think about whether we need to own it ourselves
versus having other people supply it, particularly given that there may be
replacement technologies that don't have the same dynamics.

Ms. Hovis: There are core policy benefits to owning the infrastructure as a
city. There's no question. Different cities come out in different places as to
how important that is to them. We have a project that's a public-private
partnership where the city was absolutely adamant that it had to own the
fiber, because it wanted to control that asset and make sure it went to every
home and business and that no home or business would ever be excluded.
Most cities are less concerned with that and feel that private investment, if
they're lucky enough to get it—this is not emerging in all markets. That's
important to note. Until you know that Google is really building here, you
still only have two wireline providers. In some communities where they do
have that third provider coming in, sometimes it's municipal; sometimes it's
Google Fiber; sometimes it's one of the smaller companies coming in behind
Google Fiber. They are trusting to the benefits of competition to impact
carrier behavior. In a monopoly environment, carriers don't have to behave
very well.     In a competitive market, they obviously have to behave
differently. Let me let Tom speak to the ...

Mr. Asp: I think a couple of things there. One of the things, let's say if
Google did come and build. You in essence do have Comcast providing a
broadband. Although it's not fiber to the premises, they can actually offer
some decent services over that cable infrastructure. You do have some
checks and balances with those two providers. AT&T is more likely going to
be kind of more of a cherry pick, only in certain areas. They're not going to
be as ubiquitous as Google and Comcast would be. You do have some
checks there, I think. The other thing, if we did go to the RFI stage, one of
the types of partnerships that we brought up that would probably meet that
concern a little bit more head-on is a kind of a model that we've seen
                                                                         Page 23 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
