                          TRANSCRIPT
Chief Building Official, how does that relate to that. In the next two weeks
or so, we will have before the Council the consultant budget for
Development Services that does have significant flex funding for consultant
assistance to provide development-supported work. We have some of those
large budgets to do precisely what you're saying, to not staff up as much as
we need to so that we can let go of consultant work without having to lay
people off as there's a downturn. Those need to be looked at in conjunction
with the entirety of the consultant budget and the staffing we have in
Development Services.

Council Member Burt: My final question/comment is about a specific capital
improvement area, rather than the format. This is probably best framed in
terms of addressing our Healthy Community Priority, but it's also recognizing
a priority that is emerging in the community. That is around potential
capital investments that may be needed to provide security for our tracks.
We talk about Healthy Communities, and we have what many people have
recognized as a current teen health crisis in our community. We're coming
to understand what experts have identified as an important way to address
it, that may be to a great degree a City role. I appreciate that the
discussions are ongoing right now and we don't have that plan in place. If
we are anticipating potential capital expenditures that could be significant,
how does that into the Capital Improvement Plan? If we come forward in
the coming months and say that we want to move aggressively in this
direction, where will that fit in the Budget?

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Council Member. I agree with you. I've been
thinking about this a lot myself. One, we didn't have detail. Two, we're
doing a lot of outreach, as you know, with Caltrain. We want to look at
those numbers after we've gone down the road with them. Our view is that
there is a fair degree of fungibility with the accounts that we have in the
Infrastructure Plan that could allow us to loan or transfer funds. The truth is
even if we needed to, we would come to the Council with a Budget
Amendment Ordinance for a particular item. We've got things in the out
years. We could find a way to pull that from the Infrastructure Plan to fund
those.

Council Member Burt: We have our General Fund Reserve, which has a
range. We transfer from the General Fund varying amounts of dollars every
year into the Infrastructure. Am I correct that you would also have that
fungibility that you could propose and we could approve, moving additional
dollars from our General Fund Reserve into the Infrastructure account?

Mr. Keene: We could do that. The Budget as we put it together predicted
an 18.5 percent Budget Stabilization Reserve just in that particular account.

                                                                          Page 11 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
