                          TRANSCRIPT
need. We need a bathroom. We need a kitchen that we can cook in. We
need some walls. We need heat, and we need some living space. All units
don't have to be big; they don't have to be huge. They can be done
creatively. They can be placed in areas creatively and not be huge. We can
have them in mixed use. I'm concerned sometimes that we think because
we have a housing unit, it's going to be awful because it's large. I'm not
sure if we're afraid of the people that are coming in or are we afraid of the
mass. I think probably it's the mass, especially if we're dealing with small
units that we don't have many of. You've got a lot of speakers tonight and a
lot to think about. Please, land use does include housing. I know we just
did a Housing Element, but we need land zoned to be available for mixed
use, and we need it zoned and available for multifamily housing. I hope you
will consider increasing the amount of housing we have available. It will not
all get built. You don't build 100 percent of everything zoned.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Monica Stone to be followed by Carl
Danaher. Excuse me, Carol Danaher. If anyone else wants to speak to this
item, if you could turn your card in within the next couple of minutes and
then we're going to cut it off, so we can move on to our meeting. Thank you
very much. Monica.

Monica Stone: Thank you, Mayor, and thank you City Council Members, for
letting us all speak to you tonight. I really want to talk as a member of the
community and to say that I think that we need more higher density housing
in Palo Alto. I know that's kind of a dirty word around here, but I think it's a
reality of what we need to do in order to not just continue to sprawl and
cover all green hills around us. I moved here with my husband in 1989, and
we raised our two daughters here. We all know what an incredible place this
is to live and the schools and the libraries and Foothill Park and all the
beautiful things there are. I think that diversity and having people of
different incomes is really an important part of what we want to do here in
Palo Alto. We don't want it to be a town for the very rich. This town
believes in justice and not in the kind of income distribution that's happening
in our country right now. I have a daughter who is working as a therapist
for the special ed department at Paly. She commutes from Oakland. Her
husband is a teacher, and the two of them will never be able to have their
children be able to get educated the way that they were. I think there needs
to be everything that people have said tonight, different options for housing,
in particular higher density housing where people can find rents that are
affordable. I don't even think my kids are expecting they're going to be able
to buy a house. They'd like to be able to live nearer to where they work. I
really ask you all to consider that as you make your decisions on this. Thank
you so much.

                                                                         Page 40 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
