                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I think I might have mentioned this to you
before. I might have started to sound like a broken record on it, but what
I've identified, or at least my growing sense, is that the four biggest issues
facing Silicon Valley and Palo Alto in particular, especially the big challenges
that we really need to work on over the next decade and the next few years,
because they're really generational challenges, you could put them into four
categories. One being just inequality in general, which connects to the
others.      I would identify the others as housing unaffordability and
inaccessibility; transportation which we've already spoken about quite a bit
tonight; and also sea level rise along with other climate change threats, be it
increased fire risks, economic destabilization, etc., but sea level rise and
other flooding risks that we might even face this coming year, being a major
challenge. If you have anything on sea level rise you want to mention, I'd
love to hear it. On equality, as I'm sure you're aware, we're working to
increase the minimum wage here in Palo Alto. We've set a goal of $15.00 an
hour by 2018; still need to work out the kinks in the details on that. We are
committed, at least, to going to $11 by next year. If you have any thoughts
on the countywide and neighboring city efforts around minimum wage and
how we can work effectively, if you see pros and cons or if you see any
problem with Palo Alto if we decide to go a little bit higher than, say, San
Jose, I'd be curious to hear that. There is a chance we might decide to go a
little bit higher or a little bit faster than San Jose, which I feel is appropriate.
It could be appropriate given the higher cost of living here. I also had a
couple of thoughts about housing, but if you want to just jump in on those,
feel free.

Supervisor Simitian: On the issue of sea level rise, I will just say I think
now that the science is clear, at least in my view, and the impacts are
demonstrable. I think part of the conversation has shifted appropriately
away from how do we minimize our impact in terms of climate change and
how do we adapt to the impacts that we're already seeing and feeling and
that we can expect will grow greater with time. I think having both of those
conversations at the same time is important. I don't think we can simply
throw up our hands and say, "What's done is done. We're going to have to
learn to live with it." By the same token, I think if we keep focusing on the
larger policy debate and don't ask ourselves what are we going to do to
make sure we're not living in a beachfront property here in Palo Alto, then
we're going to have a problem. I see this shift in a lot of my work. I think
it's a healthy development and I think, given how long it takes for things to
happen in government, it's important that the conversation be happening
now. I think it's going to take us a while not simply to do the physical things
that will need to be done, but to sort of change the mindset about what does
and doesn't make sense. On that front, let me just let it go at that. In
terms of a minimum wage, this is an interesting issue in California. I mean,
                                                                            Page 15 of 133
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 9/21/15
