                          TRANSCRIPT
dealing with things like design/build, you've got to have really kind of strict,
really tight project management. That proved out to be the solution that
really worked for us. I'm going to hold in reserve that there are other
avenues that we would pursue. I was thinking that when I was listening to
Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: That's really what I was suggesting.           What you
just laid out was what I suggested we do for Palo Alto.

Mayor Holman: I have a couple of lights here, but I'm going to take a turn.
You sort of answered, Jim, one my questions. I was wondering what do
other cities do. It sounds like what you were saying is you have—I don't
want to repeat what you said. You have a high-level person who is a
manger overseeing this stuff. You also have somebody that's in the field. I
certainly haven't done a project the size of either one of the libraries.
Having done a number of home projects, you've got to be onsite regularly
and involved and engaged or things happen that you can't explain or don't
want to pay for or are going to pay for but you didn't anticipate. One of my
questions was going to be about that. We have a history of doing projects
either really well or really poorly. I've heard a number of times from
members in the community over a good handful of years about how the City
can't build a good project, meaning that the outcome might be okay, but
how we get there is not very good. If what you're proposing is a Staff
member or two who can help intervene in that challenge or difficulty. Staff,
looks like you haven't heard that before, but I've heard it a number of times.
Council Member Scharff brought up Mitchell Park Library. That's kind of the
extreme situation probably. Rinconada Library is probably on the other end
of "went so well." When things start going poorly, they continue to go
poorly it seems like. Is what you're suggesting then—you have this staffer
on the Consent Calendar on Monday. Is that one of these two people that
you suggested that you have in Berkeley?

Mr. Keene: No. I think what the Staff is talking about right now is focus on
the IMS piece of this. We're looking at how we—as Mike explained it. I
want to say that I want to really keep open the option of going the other
route. As we talk through the items next week and get a better sense of
where we are with the bridge and the Public Safety Building, just keep that
in mind.

Mayor Holman: I think the—I'm sorry, Ed.

Mr. Shikada: If I could add, again, a little more specifically to major
construction projects. This will be a mantra. It does require discipline, and
it requires an organizational infrastructure in addition to the physical

                                                                          Page 23 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
