                         TRANSCRIPT
multifamily and all commercial projects.          Those findings have been
supported by this Cost Effectiveness Study that Peter mentioned. That's
also included in your Packet. That explores the different angles in which
those goals can be achieved. Since the Code is a performance-based
standard, it looks at several different options as to how those requirements
can be achieved. The Cost Effectiveness Study doesn't cover the breadth of
all potential measures. It really is more than one report could even cover,
but it does outline certain measures that are specific to our climate zone and
typical building practices that are included in Palo Alto. That's what we
based that regulation language on. In addition, renovation projects 1,000
square feet or greater, we're going to have two options for compliance.
Option 1 is the performance standard which increases the stringency over
the State requirements by five percent for single-family, 10 percent for
multifamily and five percent for commercial. Similarly, there'll be an Option
2 for prescriptive measures which presents a list of cost-effective measures
that independently are cost effective, on their own as opposed to a
performance package which looks at all those measures combined together
on a single building. With that, we'll go onto the next slide here which
outlines the additional measures. Also in the Reach Code Ordinance, we
have solar-ready infrastructure for new homes. This is an amendment
above and beyond the State Energy Code, again included in the Cost
Effectiveness Study. We're proposing to designate 500 square feet of room
on the roof for future installation of a solar panel system. It wouldn't be an
actual mandate of a full system. It would be the solar-ready infrastructure
to essentially eliminate the barriers for entry for a homeowner.           The
Ordinance also proposes the installation of conduit from the electrical panel
up to the roof line, again to eliminate the barrier to entry for a future
installation. One item that has been a challenge that we've been working in
collaboration with Urban Forestry on is working on exceptions for properties
with protected trees. We want to make sure that the new policies that we
propose are in sync with our existing policies. We've worked through a
number of items with that, and we'll continue that conversation forward with
our future priorities that Peter will be going over. In addition, during the
Policy and Services meeting on March 10th, Council Member Burt and the
Policy and Services Committee requested that we draft a carefully
constructed infeasibility clause. Since this is a progressive Ordinance, we
want to propose an exemption to allow Staff to permit alternative measures
where strict compliance is not feasible or cost effective. We have included
that, and that is in the Ordinance before you. Also included in the second
reading of the Ordinance will be a small amendment which basically clarifies
language on subdivisions. That will be included in the second reading. One
of the items that the Policy and Services Committee requested was an
analysis of the greenhouse gas savings associated with the Energy Reach
Code Ordinance. That has been prepared in the Cost Effectiveness Study

04/20/2015                                                             117- 329
