                          TRANSCRIPT
Stanford's 2000 general use permit. Some projects have been approved
that are not new facilities.      By and large it's the County Council's
determination that this fund is to create new recreational facilities. Any
modifications to this project would need go back, and the County Board of
Supervisors would establish whether the proposed project fulfills the intent
of the mitigation. The Citizen Advisory Committee on this project were
appointed earlier this year. Before my time, they held the first meeting. A
large part of that meeting focused on preparing for the community workshop
and really delving into how we should evaluate these different alternatives.
The primary challenge that couldn't be resolved was how do you evaluate it
when one of the alignments is unlike any of the others, with the creek trail
compared to four on-street alternatives. There was a lot of really great
discussion, but at the end of that first meeting, we didn't have consensus on
evaluation criteria for the feasibility study.      Following the community
meeting in April and taking a step back and doing the work with the Water
District, we reconvened with the Citizen Advisory Committee and presented
the same materials that are in your packet. The Citizen Advisory Committee
did not make a formal recommendation; it was a lot of information for the
group to digest. We did ask them for their preferences. At the end of the
meeting, the slide up there just shows some of the voting that took place at
the meeting. Their top preference was to end the feasibility study for a trail
along the creek corridor and to continue study of an east-west connector.
Behind that one with one last vote was to end the study and start a new
study of a grade-separated bicycle and pedestrian crossing of Alma Street
and Caltrain in Midtown. Both the Citizen Advisory Committee and our
Pedestrian and Bicycle Advisory Committee had a lot of support for finding a
way to retain the funding for Palo Alto from the County. Our Pedestrian and
Bicycle Advisory Committee reviewed the project in October and concurred
with the Citizen Advisory Committee to discontinue study of the Matadero
Creek Trail. Their thinking was really just the cost-benefit side. It started to
not pencil out to them when they looked at the need for other bike projects
around the City. It becomes hard to justify. That was their primary
thinking. There's a lot of support on that Committee to advancing the new
grade-separated bicycle and pedestrian crossing. I'll turn it over to Josh to
conclude.

Mr. Mello: Thanks, Sarah. Based on our constructability analysis, the
feedback that we got from the Citizen Advisory Committee as well as
payback, tonight we've brought forward three possible next steps for this
project. The first being to continue the feasibility study for a trail along the
creek corridor. We're about half way through the feasibility study now, so
there'd be another 50 percent remaining. The second option is to end the
feasibility study for the trail along the creek corridor and do nothing further.
The third option is to study an alternative alignment for a high quality,
                                                                            Page 25 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
