                         TRANSCRIPT
our officers working the Downtown beat. As the new Member of Council,
especially when I was brand new to Council, not everybody on the force
knows me by face. I wanted to commend the officers who I have had the
chance to bump into in Downtown. Even before they realized who I was,
always very friendly, very helpful and very engaging and very eager to
engage with me and, from what I've seen, other members of the public. Of
course, everybody's anecdotal experience will be different, but I did want to
state for the record that I've definitely seen our officers out and about and
doing a great job Downtown.

Mayor Holman: There's not a question of what kind of good job they do or
dedication. It's a matter of strategic placement.

Council Member Kniss: Backward to Project Safety Net. Jim, I'm going to
ask you this; you spoke to this before. The amount that we're currently
seeing, this looks as though we have moved this around a bit. Currently
we're at an amount for a Director that is what?

Mr. Keene: The total cost for this position is the $198,000 figure under the
2016 amended proposed. It's right next to that $80,000 addition.

Council Member Kniss: You and I have discussed that. That's probably in
the range of looking at somebody who can run a collaborative. The second
part of this which does or does not tie into Project Safety Net is the Track
Watch. Last week we had seen a figure that was considerably higher than
315. We are now still at the 315 or the 198 is the contract staffing for
Project Safety Net, correct?

Mr. Keene: No. Yes, I'm sorry. The 198 is the transition or the Executive
Director position for running Project Safety Net.

Council Member Kniss: Where it says contract staffing?

Mr. Keene: Right. We have the $315,000 only for six months of the Track
Watch. The Staff memo identified the second half of the fiscal year would
cost an additional $168,000. That is not yet in the budget. That would be
something we would have to come back to the Council for.

Council Member Kniss: We're approving this tonight, and you may come
back to us with additional need for the Track Watch. Is Track Watch directly
under Community Services and are they hiring those who are on the tracks?
If not, who hires the track watchers?

Mr. Keene: The responsibility for managing the Track Watch program had
been in Community Services. This year we have shifted it to the Police
                                                                      Page 15 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
