                         TRANSCRIPT
We should keep it open in the discussion and see what combination of
mechanisms might come out of it, which might be ones that are
modifications to our current neighborhood initiated single-story overlays.
They might be Citywide things. Who knows? I don't support that language
which narrows the discussion. What we had before was good. I'm not
seeing it, so I'm trying to recall the language. It was broader and it allows
and even implies a process for neighborhoods to initiate overlays. That's
what we have on our single-story. It wouldn't limit the discussion to that. I
would encourage us to return to the original.

Council Member Scharff: The Comp Plan is a big process. By doing this,
would we limit the discussion as Council Member Burt suggested we would?
Do we need to go back to the other language? I figured we were going to
have that discussion anyway in the Comp Plan about things like the IR
process and all of that. I didn't think we were talking about the IR process
here.

Ms. Gitelman: There's an opportunity in the Comp Plan Update to look at
your specific direction here and other things that accomplish the goals that
we're going to talk about as a group at the end of August when come back
with the next discussion of the Comp Plan.

Council Member Scharff: The Comp Plan discussion is going to be a large
discussion anyway or is it not? The Comp Plan is now not only going to be
the discussion of exploring a process for neighborhoods. The Comp Plan is a
broad discussion. This is one small element but putting it in this. I didn't
understand what Council Member Burt said about the IR process, because I
didn't think we were talking about the IR process. That's a separate
discussion that we would have. Or would we not have a discussion of the IR
process? I'm not sure the IR process is broken. In the Comp Plan, I
thought we reviewed all these current policies and looked at it. If not, are
we going to have to give direction on each individual one or are you going to
bring sections? I'm trying to understand how this works.

Mayor Holman: To Council Member Burt, this is essentially the original
motion. Were you trying to make that as a substitute motion or an
amendment? The only thing that was added to that was "and/or alternative
neighborhood protections." What's your intention?

Council Member Burt: I'd encourage a retraction of the latest amendment
that was accepted as a friendly amendment.         Let me offer my best
understanding of the response to Council Member Scharff's question. On the
one hand in theory, the Comp Plan is open to broad discussion. On the
other hand, what we're doing tonight is having our discussion as an input to

                                                                        Page 62 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
