                         TRANSCRIPT
this point.   I'd be comfortable with that, Tom, if you're okay with that.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth:

Council Member Kniss: Eric, are you okay with that?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, I am.

Council Member DuBois: Discuss the planning and development.

Council Member Filseth: I want to respond, if I can, briefly to Council
Member Kniss' concerns on the Policy C-28. We're going to be a long time
on Policy C-28.

Council Member Kniss: You mean on 20 acres of park?

Council Member Filseth: It's 70 acres. The nuance is 4 acres of district and
neighborhood parks per 1,000 residents. Is that the right number instead of
3.9 or 4.1 and so forth? As the Staff points out, that's maybe the domain of
experts. You don't have to be an expert to value parkland in this town. You
don't have to be an expert to look at this and go, "The City's $700 million
behind the Comp Plan on how much park space we have." What we really
don't want to have happen is we say, "Okay, I guess we ought to change the
number to 2.5 or something like that." Another 20 years go by, and we look
and we're another X many hundred million dollars behind again. I think
what this process needs is scrutiny and management on this. We need to
make sure that if we're going to put something in the Comp Plan, we're
going to stick to it. I think that's what the objective of all this is.

Council Member Kniss: I wouldn't disagree with that, Council Member.
However, I think that we have some reality here. We have some wonderful
parks in town right now that are not in very good shape, that could be far
improved. Some of our parks have been really brought up to snuff. They're
very popular. Some others are just kind of languishing to be honest. I think
that's one of the areas I would really concentrate on.

Council Member Filseth: No disagreement.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, do you have anything else?

Council Member Kniss: That's probably enough.

Mayor Holman: Jim, do you have something?


                                                                     Page 70 of 107
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/5/15
