                          TRANSCRIPT
on points that have been raised. With respect to Fiber to the Premises
(FTTP), we hear the message loud and clear. Our role in that has not been
active over the last couple of years, because of other citizen advisory groups
and others that have been involved, which is great. We will take your words
to heart and reinvigorate or reengage in that area. One other point I
wanted to raise. We have an interesting jurisdictional issue, because our
jurisdiction, as the City Attorney will remind us, is the utilities only. When
we talk about things like transportation, for example, although that goes to
sustainability, that actually is not utilities. In areas like the City's Climate
Action Plan, as well, we don't technically have jurisdiction there. We have a
very good relationship with the City's Chief Sustainability Officer, who kindly
comes and pays us a visit to fill us in on what he is doing. The City's Chief
Information Officer has come and talked about fiber. It is something to
think about, whether the current jurisdictional bounds of the UAC are the
right ones or whether adjustment should be thought of. I don't think we're
in a position to make a recommendation, but it is something both the UAC
and the City Council can think about in the months ahead. That's it. Thanks
again.

Wynn Grcich: Hi. I was listening to a lot of the things that you were talking
about. The one thing under utilities, I hope that water and sewer lines are
part of that. I go to many City Councils and I hear about Millbrae had five
water mains break in one day.         You're talking about an earthquake
happening. When you put chloramine and fluoride in the drinking water, this
stuff is so corrosive, the pipes are leaching lead, they're disintegrating.
They're putting these poisons in the water in already corroded pipes. What
you really need to do is have some kind of Ordinance that you're going to
replace so many miles of pipe every year. I know Burlingame, California
was sued for dumping lead and arsenic in the bay, and they had to replace
100 miles of sewer lines. They jacked up the water prices so high on
everybody to replace the pipes, and it was going to take 20 years to do. I
guess that's 20 miles a year, right. I spoke to one of the water people in
Marin, and they said they have on their books that they replace five miles a
year. If you're really concerned about an earthquake, I would think that
your water and sewer lines are a big deal. People think, because out of sight
out of mind, you're only going to replace them when they leak. Alameda
County Water District just jacked up their water rates, and there's a big
stink over that. I think that's kind of funny, because they claim that they
have over 800 leaks a year. They are going to put some of that money into
replacing the pipes, but they haven't really spent it on it yet. When you
were talking about using reclaimed water, yesterday in the newspaper in the
east bay, you can call the water company and they'll come to your house
and water your lawn with recycled toilet water. They put it in a big tank and
take it to your house, and they'll water your yard for you. It was in the

04/20/2015                                                              117- 282
