                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Figone: Please, Mary, jump in here. I understand what you're saying.
It may or may not reduce the workload.               For me, the fundamental
question—this is where maybe you should hear from Jim—is what is the
purpose of the survey. Is it to get the direct reports perspective on what's
happening in the organization? Which means the management side, the
workload. You heard about workload. Is that total perspective or is it for
the Council to hear their perspective about the City Manager? Maybe it's
one and the same. If it's more about the latter, it's actually a slippery slope.
It's easier to have personalities taint the process.

Chair Burt: I was assuming that there's both purposes. It gives valuable
feedback to the CAO and helps inform the Council in the subsequent
discussion. I don't know how others feel about it, and I don't know how
the—maybe when the CAOS comment ...

Council Member Kniss: I'll be anxious to hear from them and also from Jim.

Ms. Egan: The smaller the subset we carve out, the harder it is for us to be
anonymous and blend the comments and not attribute them to someone.

Council Member Kniss: That I see very clearly.

Ms. Egan: It might be easier, if you wanted to gain input every year for the
City Manager, to do the whole team, the ten, whatever it is. Ten isn't a
large group.

Ms. Figone: It was hard with even ten.

Ms. Egan: To make themes and keep it at the big picture.

Chair Burt: Just looking at our clock ...

Ms. Figone: I'm done, Mr. Chair. Just the last thing really wasn't in our
court. I did just mention a midyear review. I know that the Council has
done that in the past. If you would like, when we do the schedule, we could
plug in that midyear and perhaps your ...

Chair Burt: Because we started late, ended late on the yearend review—the
midyear we call a check-in. I think we have a question of what amount of
formality do we need and do we need facilitation or do we simply want to
have that check-in. We can use both the documents that came out of here
and have it be informal and just a discussion on how are things going and
just look at the things we talked about. If I’m recalling right, there was a
nice value to the informality of let's have a chat, this isn't a review. It's a


                                                                                     Page 23 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
