                          TRANSCRIPT
do. We've had an outreach program. We've invited them to meetings.
There hasn't been great participation from the tenant base yet. I think
they're well informed. Hopefully that answers that question. Setback from
San Antonio. There is a special setback. I think it was put in place for
Greenhouse I and II. Our project does comply with that special setback. It
pushed our project back away from San Antonio a little more than the
normal CS zone requires. Maybe it was Tom that asked about restricting
conference center and restaurant use. I think it was both, Tom. Yes, we'd
be willing to have that be a condition of the project, to restrict those uses.
Consider extended stay rooms. I believe that was your question, Mayor
Holman. The answer is yes, we would consider extended stay rooms. We
couldn't do all extended stay rooms, but we certainly are willing to consider
some. That's a good dialog about what does the group think the demand in
the area is for those rooms.

Mayor Holman: Were there any questions that didn't get answered? Seeing
none, but Council Member Wolbach had a follow-up and, I think, Council
Member DuBois does.

Council Member Wolbach: I would just say thanks for your offer of working
with us on transportation demand management. It's something that I've
mentioned a couple of times. I think it's something that we should explore
is partnering with Mountain View and potentially with Los Altos as well to
explore and maybe even VTA to explore how we can improve transportation
up and down San Antonio as a corridor. Whether we're doing something
directly with you, you're doing your own thing, or you're helping join a larger
initiative, I do appreciate your being open to having those conversations.

Mr. Williamson: Thank you. By the way, we're very open for it. We want to
be a good part of the community. That is our goal.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: I have a question for Staff. Thank you, Mr. Williamson. I
have a question for Staff. We've encountered this before where there's
going to be an historic analysis done, and it does not go to the HRB. Even
though the HRB evaluates buildings for addition to the inventory, they don't
seem to have projects come to them or reports come to them that
determine whether something is historic or not, to see if the analysis is
accurate or not. Can we not have this evaluation, this analysis go to the
HRB for consideration? Then they recommend then to the ARB.


                                                                        Page 17 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
