                          TRANSCRIPT
added. I think the whole mixed-use, housing over office and retail, is the
future of our Downtown to keep them vibrant and also make it so people
don't have to commute to work. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speaker, Neilson Buchanan.

Neilson Buchanan: Neilson Buchanan at 155 Bryant Street, Downtown Palo
Alto neighborhood. I'm here to talk about informed decision making. I
know for a fact, because I've been involved in projects like this for the last
three years, but I think historically for the last ten years residents
particularly have been coming forward and saying the Staff Reports for
individual buildings do not result in an informed public, nor an informed City
Council. The central piece that has been very poorly articulated over those
ten years has been adequate parking.            Staff Reports have somehow
systematically avoided giving you impact of parking and cumulative impact.
I know for a fact for the last three years we have tried to make that point
clear to the City Council and to Staff, and it hasn't been made. Without
good Staff Reports, good decision making can't happen. Ironically, 14 days
from now you're going to get the first interim report on permit parking. The
residents' objections to the parking reports going to City Council have never
been about not having parking in our neighborhoods around University
Avenue. It's always been a question of how many parking places will be
taken out of the residential neighborhoods and devoted to commercial
parking lots. In 14 days, you're going to hear a report basically saying
5,000 residential parking spots, 2,000 of which are going to be dedicated to
Downtown workers for all-day parking. Five thousand parking places, 2,000
commercial parking places in the residential neighborhoods. To me, that's
an example that cumulative impact has not been addressed by the Council. I
don't think it can be corrected with this project. In 14 days, beginning to
unravel this Gordian knot will begin to happen. I ask you to start thinking
about a systematic solution.        I think the root cause is the Parking
Assessment District entitlements. Until you have a Study Session over that,
I think we're going to be fighting the battle project-by-project. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. If memory serves—I look at City
Attorney—the order is reversed, and the applicant gets their three minutes
first and the appellant gets their three minutes second. Is that correct? I'm
trying to remember the order.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: The rules don't specify.

Mayor Holman: That's what memory serves me.

Ms. Silver: Either way is fine.

                                                                           Page 16 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
