                          TRANSCRIPT
that it would go to the Consent Calendar and, thereby, avoid a community
discussion and a Council discussion of this. I want to object to that. The
intention of that procedure is not to avoid having community and Council
discussions on things that matter. It's to expedite things that are non-
contentious. Our procedures do allow for either the City Manager or the
Mayor to pull those items from Consent on their own. I hope that the
Finance Committee in the future would not use that procedure to avoid
public discourse and Council discourse.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Could I make a comment on (inaudible)?

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid would like to make one clarification.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, a clarification on policy. The Finance Committee
realized that this was a major thing. Although it passed the Committee
unanimously, which traditionally leads to a Consent item, the point was
made that this would come to a Council agenda item. That's why we're here
tonight.

Council Member Burt: I'm sorry. It's explicitly otherwise and on the tape.

Mayor Holman: Points have been made there.

Council Member Scharff: I'd like to start off by saying that I completely
support the comments of Cedric when he spoke. I just come to a different
conclusion. I do think that climate change is one of the most important
issues of our time. This, however, will not reduce greenhouse gas emissions
at all. When we look at this, this is an issue of cost. This is an issue of if we
took this same money, $300,000, and put it into different programs that
were environmentally sensitive and sustainable, we could save more
greenhouse gas emissions. We have to look at this issue and say to
ourselves, "How did we get here?" We've always had a de facto policy of
looking at our avoided costs when we look at renewables and balancing that
against the ratepayers and the increase. We started doing that when we
first started buying renewables. We set a target that we're not going to
have rates go up more than a certain percentage. I don't recall exactly what
that number was. We went ahead and looked at that. When this first came,
the CLEAN Program, in 2012, Staff told us that the avoided cost was 14
cents. I know it says 13.55 here, but Staff told us it was 14 cents. That's
why we set the program at 14 cents. There was no upkeep. At that time,
when we went in December 2012, we were under the impression that it was
still 14 cents, not that it was 11.66. We looked at the numbers and it was a
de minimus amount in terms of going from the 14 to 16.5. What is the
value of having this program? This is not about saving greenhouse gas
emissions. This is symbolism, as our City Manager said, about having solar
                                                                           Page 34 of 56
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/27/15
