                             MINUTES
square feet.    The net change        at   3045   Park   Boulevard   would   be
approximately 18,000 square feet.

Council Member Burt asked if that was the totality of pipeline projects.

Ms. Gitelman indicated that was the totality of pipeline projects for pending
entitlements.    Other ministerial permits could be pending at the
Development Center and not captured on the list of projects.

Council Member Burt referred to the 2001 Council Minutes when a financial
hardship exemption was specifically not recommended. He asked why Staff
recommended a financial hardship exemption.

Ms. Gitelman did not make a distinction between financial hardship and
viability of a retail use. There should be some type of exemption in cases
where retail was not viable in order to avoid a takings challenge.

Council Member Burt wanted to determine whether viability was defined by
$5 per square foot or normal rent for retail. He inquired whether one project
could claim a 25 percent reduction in retail for demolition and for below-
grade parking with upstairs access.

Amy French, Chief Building Official, reported there was no restriction specific
to that scenario. If a building was not currently providing below-grade
parking and additional uses were proposed and parking was required for
those additional uses, then no language prevented ground-floor area from
being utilized for a garage ramp or a staircase or an elevator.

Council Member Burt asked if a project could do both.

Ms. French replied yes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether a building utilizing both indoor and
outdoor space was required to replace retail space equivalent to the amount
of indoor space only. He inquired whether the definition of replacement
ground-floor retail excluded egress to downstairs parking as well as the 25
percent office or only the outdoor space.

Ms. French advised that the California Avenue area did not have the same
25 percent restriction as the Downtown area.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that in general gross square footage was utilized.
Outdoor space that was not covered was not included in gross square
footage.



04/06/2015                                                             117- 177
