                          TRASNCRIPT
would focus in, but then finding those alternatives. I think we've heard
some tonight, some of which we considered, some of which I really liked,
that we had not yet gotten to. The step of identifying how can we grow this
system, it's not going to be a "we need 10 more acres of parkland, so I'm
going to go buy 10 acres of land somewhere." We know that it's not that
simple of a solution, and that what we're looking for is incremental
additions, probably unique opportunities, and how do we best set up this
community to move on those when the opportunity arises. That's the
challenge in an environment of extremely high land values and extremely
limited availability.

Council Member DuBois: That is going to be an explicit part of the plan?

Mr. Mottau: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Just to echo Council Member Schmid, I think what
forecast we use is critical. If you use one forecast, you have to acquire 40
acres of parkland. If you use another, it's 10 acres. I did see the response
to the question, but it wasn't clear to me which forecast you will use, I
guess, going forward. I guess Council Member Schmid's suggesting we need
to come up with that forecast. Do you guys have an idea?

Mr. de Geus: We're working closely with the Planning Staff on that. They're
doing quite a lot of work on assumptions of growth right now as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update. They have a number of scenarios of growth
that they're working on, and one they think is much more realistic than we
see with ABAG. I believe they're still working on that. That's what we'll be
using when they finalize that work.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I just wanted someone to walk me
through exactly how this works. We collect the data; we analyze it; we look
at opportunities. We go through that process, then we do the framework
and potential actions, and we have these seven principles. That's the
concept. Then we go ahead and use different criteria. One of those criteria
advances more than one principle. I'm guess I'm wondering this. We
decide that we have an opportunity to put in a new tennis court, and we
show that there's a gap in the number of tennis courts, or bocce courts or
volleyball courts. If I run a tennis court or a bocce ball court or a volleyball
court through this principle system, I get we don't do it. Does it open up,
create opportunities for the use of the space? No. Does it introduce
imagine, whimsy and the unexpected? No, because it's a particular game.
Does it encourage unstructured, free play opportunities? The answer would
be no. It's not playful. It would be healthy, provide a place to unwind and
                                                                         Page 29 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
