                         TRANSCRIPT

more we can do that kind of thing—we don't have that many major arterials
across town. When we start to look at plans that start to remove lanes of
cars from those major arterials, I think that's when we need to start to get a
lot of feedback. I think we need to do similar parallel kinds of routes for
Oregon, Embarcadero, University. I haven't heard anybody complain that
there are too many bikes on their local streets. I think, again, making those
the bike routes—we do hear it when cars start cutting through on local
streets. I think that's what we want to avoid. Going through some of your
projects real quick. I did see there was an idea that we might reduce lanes
on Middlefield. I hope we get a lot of data on that before we go there. I had
similar concerns about San Antonio. San Antonio and Middlefield both seem
like places where we could look at parallel local streets. I also wanted to say
on the County plans, I did support the County plan kind of as-is. I think
there was a little disagreement on Council on that one. In general, I think
with transportation there's kind of a large silent majority of drivers. We
have a lot of drivers from out of town. We just need to be sensitive that a
lot of times in this community outreach, I think we hear a lot from the
bikers. We just need to keep that in mind. On the bike share, I think part
of it was it doesn't make economic sense for a lot of people. It was hard to
rent a bike for a one-way trip, work for eight or ten hours, and then rent
again. You're basically looking at renting all day, and it didn't make sense.
In particular, maybe at Cal. Ave. to Stanford Research Park, if you could
drop your bike off pretty near your building in the Research Park, that might
make a lot more sense than Downtown which, I think, is pretty walkable.
Some quick questions. I'll just rattle them off, and then you can go through
them. I think data sources is really critical. I'm glad to hear you guys are
focused on that. I'd like to ask that we collect car data as well. It wasn't
clear if you were going to do that for the Downtown circulation study. I'm
also really interested in continuous sources of data. I think over a year ago
we talked a little bit to ways about getting real-time continuous data.
People are traveling around with smartphones, regardless of mode of
transportation there might be some good data sources for that stuff. I had a
question about how you're going to look at sharrows and green paint in
general. You kind of partially answered that question already, it sounds like,
on quiet neighborhood streets versus where there's more traffic. A question
about the bike bridge. I seemed like the bike paths weren't necessarily
ending up where the bike bridge is going to be built. I'd like to hear a little
bit about that. Again, maybe moving that one bike path off of San Antonio
and having it dead end at 101. If you were on a parallel street and you
ended up at the bike bridge, seemed like that would make more sense. A
question about the Paly flow. I think right now students are using the bridge

                                                                         Page 14 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
