                          TRANSCRIPT
service uses, that wouldn't be an issue. The remaining application that
would be affected is the site on El Camino where Compadre's restaurant
was.

Council Member Berman: Can you give me a little history of what the status
of that proposal is? How long it's been going through the process?

Ms. Gitelman: Sure. We received the application in November of 2014. It
proposes redevelopment of a site. I think they went through preliminary
ARB, got direction from the Architectural Review Board (ARB), came back
and filed a formal ARB application in November of 2014. I don't have the
full details of the project, but it would result in a loss of about 2,500 square
feet of these protected uses. The application would have to be revised.

Council Member Berman:         Because they want to build all office space
obviously.

Ms. Gitelman: There's a ground-floor retail component, but there's a loss of
square footage.

Council Member Berman: If this were a standalone Amendment, I would
vote against it. I've been saying this for two and a half years, I have a
serious problem with us changing the process on people at the last minute
or even after the last minute. That seems to be exactly what we're doing
here. I'm stating my opposition to that Amendment, but it will not lead to
me voting against the entire Motion.

Council Member Burt: I want to ask the two opponents to the inclusion of
automotive services the rationale, because I never did hear that.
Automotive services are a really important service in the community. The
jeopardy that they face of being taken over by office is real. Once they're
gone, we're not going to get them back. We'll be driving to Redwood City
for car repairs. I would just briefly, and I know it's a late hour, but this is an
important one to me, like to understand where the opposition comes from to
that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, I believe that's directed to you.

Council Member Scharff:       I think we've voted on this.        I'm not really
interested in rehashing it.

Council Member Berman: I'm happy to talk with Council Member Burt about
it afterwards. I don't agree with this back and forth and being forced to be
put on the spot on something I voted on. I think that's inappropriate. The


                                                                            Page 59 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
