                             MINUTES
The Plan and Safe Routes to School were closely integrated. He inquired
whether increasing adult bike use for commuting to work was important in
the Plan.

Mr. Rodriguez reported an average of 40-45 percent bike ridership for kids
to school. Those numbers translated to cars not on the road. He would
rather sacrifice someone's commute for 2 minutes to ensure student
pedestrians and bicyclists were safe.

Council Member Wolbach wanted to know how the City could increase biking
to work as a parallel component to biking to school.

Mr. Rodriguez felt the City needed to lead with more transportation demand
strategies. Development of a Transportation Management Agency (TMA)
was a good opportunity to change the development of projects. Getting kids
to bike would lead to adults biking.

Mr. Keene added that another component was communicating and
imprinting the network as it evolved so that users knew how to use it. The
City had a public communications campaign for implementing projects. Most
bike commute cities were college towns. The City was on the cusp of having
moms and commuters using bikes.

Council Member Burt commented that while Palo Alto was a college town,
Stanford University was not included in the City's data. On the other hand,
Palo Alto's climate and topography was much better than Boulder's. Palo
Alto should be more bike-friendly.       Copenhagen was a better city for
comparison with Palo Alto, and Copenhagen had a bike commute rate of 50
percent. If 20 percent of commuters in Palo Alto shifted to bicycles, it would
have a drastic impact on traffic and parking. He suggested Staff utilize a
metric of the types of favorable impacts on traffic and parking resulting from
milestones in mode shift. Shifting away from car use would benefit the
entire community.      Without the Safe Routes to School Program, the
commute hour would be gridlock. Biking was an essential method for
maintaining a high quality of life in the community. Mr. Rodriguez and
others supporting him deserved a great deal of credit for being extremely
productive. The Council and Staff should respond to community input and
attempt to identify solutions. The City lacked off-road biking corridors and
paths.    The Matadero Creek Project had challenges, but it would be
important as an alternative to bike travel on busy streets.

The Plan map should be legible and include definitions of facility classes.
While grant funding did not drive projects, it did enable projects. The health
benefits of biking were important. Biking was often faster than taking a car.


01/20/2015                                                             216- 335
