                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Young: Yes, that could drop from that.

Council Member Kniss: You're saying you're now right within that limit.

Ms. Young: The stairs and the elevator overrun could easily fit under that
15-foot allowable.

Jason Chang: Hi, Council Members. My name is Jason Chang. I'm a
resident in Palo Alto on Bryant Street. I wanted to speak in favor of this
project on Park Boulevard. The conversations that you guys have been
having with regards to the height and the type of project that is being
proposed here is something that Palo Alto is looking forward to. This type of
building is something that tenants are interested in moving into. In terms of
the stairs, the extra 10 feet and 15 feet that is being asked, the terrace on
the roof is something that Palo Alto as a City in terms of attracting tenants,
that's something that would be beneficial. In terms of Caltrain and being
very close to California Avenue, that's something that would—I think there's
92 parking stalls that you guys were discussing earlier—I believe that that is
going to be more than what is necessary. Thank you very much.

Zoe Liang: Hi, good evening. My name's Zoe Liang. I'm a resident in Palo
Alto Central. I'm probably one of the very few people who are in favor of
this project in Palo Alto Central. The reason why I'm not opposing this
project is because the site is identified as a major commercial center in the
Comprehensive Plan with a new office building coming in. I feel that most of
the staff will be Millennials. They will be taking Caltrain to work, and then
they will be utilizing the bicycle and the pedestrian path that will be
improved along with this site. Not only that, they will be walking to
California Avenue, and they will dine there; they will shop there. They will
support the community on California Avenue as well as the economics over
there. What I’m trying to say I know I'm one of the very few, but there are
people like me out there. Thank you.

Jamie Beckett: Hi. I hope at least some of you have read my letter. I live
in Palo Alto Central. It's a community of 140 families. We live almost next
door to the proposed project. I believe that the project and its parking are
out of scale for the location and the neighborhood. You saw a lot of pictures
to see the context of the project and where it stands on the street. Nothing
says that this is one of five projects proposed for Park Boulevard. That
includes the 150,000 square feet proposed or in construction. That includes
the 150,000-square-foot building at 2865. I ask the Council, not just
considering this project, but in all the projects that are lined up for approval
on Park Boulevard, to take this into consideration. The street's already a
mess. There's already people speeding down the street. We have no

                                                                         Page 47 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
