                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Question for the Director. Should there be some reference
to those in the Visions before we pop them into Goals? Hillary, shouldn't
there be some brief reference to those in the Vision Statement before you
pop them into Goals?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't think it's possible to have the Vision Statements ...

Mayor Holman: They can't cover everything of course.

Ms. Gitelman:... be a laundry list of every topic. We take the point that
those are issues that are going to have to be included.

Council Member Wolbach: I have a couple of comments that I could do in a
two-minute lightning round. I'd like to defer to Council Member Burt and
hear his thoughts. I think they're going to be on process.

Council Member Burt: Good guess. I have a bunch of comments on Goals.
I won't attempt to offer them up tonight. If we did do as Council Member
DuBois suggested of input to the Director of Community Development, those
would only be input and advisory for you to see as comments and non-
binding. Correct? That's the way it needs to be. Just wanted to make that
clear.

Ms. Stump: It is a little bit of an unusual process. To the extent that
Council Members are commenting on the same items, it puts the Staff in a
difficult position to weigh and balance those and does potentially create
some Brown Act issues as well.

Council Member Burt: That's why I wanted to frame it that we would not be
able to give explicit direction in any way. These are comments for Staff to
consider, but not a binding direction. Otherwise, we don't do it at all. You
can give your input on what I described as permissible. I feel comfortable
that more than that is not permissible. I want to find out whether we should
be thinking about another occasion to be able to publicly give that input.

Mayor Holman: Do we have any comment down there?

Ms. Stump: We can try it. It's certainly not a way of working that we should
get into the habit of engaging in.

Council Member Burt: I don't have a problem with us scheduling a separate
Study Session on an off-night or something, I know we have a busy
schedule, if that's a better way to do it. This is an important discussion.
This thing's been going on for several years, and the Council has never had


                                                                          Page 58 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
