                         TRANSCRIPT
and the relationship to the concept plan on Cal. Ave. I know we're talking
about Urgency Ordinances. You also have to consider whether or not
something defaults until August 17th also. We can take a look at the other
dates.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We've spent three hours tonight talking about a single
application. The limit that we're not going to have time to talk about tonight
is an overriding strategic element that would help with applications as they
come through. I would support Council Member Filseth's notion of looking
seriously whether we can find time within existing meetings or setting up a
special meeting before the break.

Mayor Holman: We do have full agendas, as indicated. If Council Members
are open to polling for a special meeting to take up one of these items, we
can do that. We do have very full agendas, so our options are limited. The
motion on the board is to continue Item Number 9 to a date uncertain.

Council Member Filseth: I want to suggest a friendly amendment. Instead
of being a date uncertain, we schedule for the 15th and delay the Fry's
discussion.

Mr. Keene: I stand corrected. The Fry's item is on the 8th. Let me put it to
you this way. Even on any of the prospective meetings we have on the 8th
or the 15th, then we start to lose some Council Members a bit on the 22nd
and the 29th. As bad as things are at this stage, those dates are better than
tonight is with where we are. You need to bite the bullet and move Item
Number 9 forward to the best possible time. The Mayor and I will have to
take a look at it tomorrow morning.

Council Member Scharff: The friendly amendment was to do it for the 15th?

Council Member Filseth: To target it for the 15th and move something off
the 15th agenda.

Council Member Scharff: I would accept that, but it should be first on that
agenda.

Mayor Holman: Would Council Members give Staff and the Mayor the
leeway to do the best we can do agendize this?

Council Member Scharff: That doesn't seem to be working so far. I would
accept the friendly amendment which is for the 15th and that we make it
first on the agenda.



                                                                       Page 68 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
