                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Fair enough. I've made my preferences clear.

Mayor Holman: I have one potential amendment. I look to Staff to see
about this. The question was raised about the break rooms being exempt
from parking, but there's nothing in the conditions of approval that require
them to stay in the use of a break room. Is there any issue you can
anticipate in the future about requiring them to stay in—is there better
language than break room?

Mr. Lait: That it shall stay as amenity space. We reference it in the Code as
amenity space. We've included break room to be a part of that amenity
space.

Mayor Holman: My amendment would be to require the two break rooms to
be conditioned in the conditions of approval to stay as amenity space for the
life of the project. I need a second for that please.

Council Member Burt: I will second that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt seconded.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Burt to add
a condition of approval: Require the two break rooms combined square
footage to remain as amenity space for the life of the project.

Ms. Silver: The applicant has requested that this be reworded to require the
break room square footage remain in place, given that there may be a
change in tenancy.

Mayor Holman: To require that the two break rooms' combined square
footage remain as amenity space for the life of the project. Is that clear?
Okay. Vote on the board please. That also passes on an 8-0-1 vote, Council
Member DuBois abstaining.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois abstaining

9.      Discussion and Direction to Staff Regarding Establishment of an
        Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit Applicable to Downtown, the
        California Avenue Area, and the El Camino Corridor on an Interim
        Basis.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.


                                                                     Page 102 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
