                          TRANSCRIPT
$15 an hour or $12 an hour if we follow what Oakland and other
restaurants are doing there, where they're basically going to have a service
charge and you're not going to make those tips. I think we want to think
about that and say to ourselves there's that issue and then there's also the
restaurant issue. I want to see what happens with other restaurants. I
think the legal issue challenges, I would guess, could easily be resolved by
just simply exempting wait staff. I mean you don't have to say we're going
to do a total compensation model. I think the notion that there are legal
impediments to doing this is silly frankly. I think we could easily design the
policy to get where we want to go. The question is where do we want to go
and what's actually happening out there in the marketplace as other people
look at this. I'm hoping Policy and Services, as this comes back to them,
will actually take a careful look at that, will get a lot of outreach to
restaurants, and will take a careful look at this. I probably have some less
concerns about youth, but I think it's clearly an issue. Obviously I think
Policy and Services should look at that as well. I really just wanted to say I
think it was a job well done by Policy and Services, and it's a measured and
thoughtful approach as we move forward on this.

Mayor Holman: I have just a couple or three comments. I share concerns
about the tip earners, however we word that, that we can make feasible
and legal. I also have some concerns about small business owners. I don't
know what that threshold is. There was a good discussion at Policy and
Services. I don't know what that threshold is, if it's 10 employees, 15
employees, whatever. I do have some concerns about that. The other
thing is I'm not confident in how much outreach this really did have. I note
that just the small handful of people I talked with, nobody indicated they'd
had any outreach from the City. The other thing is I note—I think it's
pretty noteworthy—that we don't have any communication from the BID,
we don't have any communication from the Chamber of Commerce. It
seems like those two organizations would have written. I know there was
some interaction with the Chamber, but it's just interesting that we haven't
heard from those in any kind of official capacity. I do have some concern
about that. I think the Policy and Services Committee did a good job. I
hope that when this comes to Policy and Services again that there's some
kind of emphasis put on how to do outreach. It is such a critical matter and
important to a lot of people's businesses and lives. With that, Council
Member Berman, I said I would return to you for a motion.

Council Member Berman: Just to follow up on a couple of your comments.
I absolutely agree that we could and need to do better outreach over the
next couple of months especially as hopefully we end up approving a
minimum wage increase. We talked about this at Policy and Services,
following on with some of the outreach we've done in regards to the
                                                                         Page 34 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
