                             MINUTES
a mechanism to make the Buena Vista parcel a deed-restricted location for
below market rate housing.

Jeffrey Rensch, All Saints Church, advised that all parties would win if the
community could raise sufficient funds to pay the owner a fair price. The
Council should uphold the appeal so that the issue could receive a solution
that benefited everyone.

Joy Sleizer felt the proposed relocation plan was insufficient. Displacing
Buena Vista residents would cause many losses throughout the community.

Chris Lundin stated the proposed relocation plan was insufficient. Buena
Vista residents would not be able to relocate to a comparable community.

Kenneth Dauber, speaking as an individual and for Tom Wasow, Cheryl
Fuller, Don Anderson, Jerry Underdahl, Kris Brandenburger, reported the
Council was required to consider the value of schools when determining
compensation. The value of Palo Alto schools was high. The Council should
reject the compensation offer as it did not include the value of schools. He
referred to the Ordinance regarding compensation and the definition of a
comparable mobile home park. The list of amenities in the third element of
the definition was irrelevant to the definition of a similar community under
the second element of the definition. The value of schools was required to
determine similarity of communities. Palo Alto schools were highly rated in
terms of providing education specific to Latino students. When assessing
compensation, the Council was required to assess the similarity of
communities. The similarity of communities had to include the value of
education in terms of the cost of housing and the specific benefit provided to
families.

Camille Townsend, Palo Alto Unified School District Board of Education
Member, recognized the importance of the testimony, experience, and
advocacy of Gunn High School graduates on behalf of students living in
Buena Vista. Board Policy 0100 stated the diversity of student population
and staff enriched the learning experience for all students. The Board of
Education affirmed its commitment to the education and future of Buena
Vista students.

Terry Godfrey, Palo Alto Unified School District Board of Education Member,
was grateful for the presence of Buena Vista students because of the voices
they brought to education. In the future, those students would be Board
Members and would support future generations.

Sue Eldridge, Palo Alto PTA Council Buena Vista Advocacy Committee, valued
the students and families of Buena Vista and cared about their futures. The

04/13/2015                                                             117- 211
