                          TRANSCRIPT

James Keene, City Manager: Let me do this in a very summary fashion,
given the hour. We put this item on the Council's agenda during the break,
hearing some commentary about some questions or concern about the full
makeup of the Community Advisory Committee. The item was crafted in
such a way that it would allow the Council to have a discussion both on the
makeup of the Committee and leave it pretty open-ended to you as to what
direction you would want to either give Staff or give to yourselves about
adding members. We made some suggestions, but the Council isn't bound
by those suggestions. You could direct the Manager to reopen applications
and make appointments based upon any additional criteria you would want.
The Council could go ahead and do that work directly yourself. We're here
to sort of respond to questions in that regard. We also though agendized a
discussion for you really about the process and schedule for this CAC, both
the timeline and the interface with the Council that in some way probably is
a bigger discussion than the first item. On that latter point, I would say that
we recognize as Staff that the process is constrained by an assumption that
the Council needed to be in a position to adopt a new Comprehensive Plan
by the end of 2016. That really is 15 months roughly from where we are
right now. Obviously if the Council accepts a longer timeframe, then there's
the opportunity for more direction as to how the Community Advisory
Committee you'd like to see it work or some of the structures or how to
report back. I think it's fair to say we're not locked into anything other than
ultimately the goal of achieving a Comprehensive Plan Update that you all
can really wholeheartedly adopt and that you feel it represents the best
interests of the community as you see it and not just in the moment, but
obviously kind of looking forward into the future, which is what a Comp Plan
is supposed to do. I would guess that you all are pretty versed with what
the pieces of the Plan are. We're here to answer questions and let you hear
from the public and that sort of thing. Thank you.

Fred Balin: Good evening. I've sent three emails to the City Council. In the
first one, I voiced my agreement with the ten remedies in the PAN/PASZ
joint letter. I talked about the importance of having the reflection of the
Committee be equivalent to the prevailing sentiment of the community at
this point. I sent two more emails with regard to vacancies that I hope will
appear on the Committee, which I will address now and a few comments. I
spent a lot of time thinking about this. On one matter, I do not see how a
resident, no matter how educated and informed but who is a contractor for a
regional planning authority that creates policies and goals that are at odds
with both the City Council and the public at large and that that individual is
the person who is creating or is using the metric that determines how that
allocation is assigned. I do not see how that cannot be a problem to have
                                                                       Page 109 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
