                          TRANSCRIPT
California. They started a Feed in Tariff program called Los Angeles CLEAN.
It is almost identical to Palo Alto CLEAN except bigger. They started it at
100 megawatts. That program then expanded to 150 megawatts. The price
at the same time went from 17 cents was their starting price, is now at 13
cents. They're about to expand that program by a factor of four, from 150
megawatts to 600 megawatts, and the price will continue to decline. That's
what happens when you get learning around permitting, interconnection,
deal structuring and financing. All of that is part of the learning process that
Palo Alto badly needs. The other example is in Germany. Germany is the
home to 40 percent of the world's solar capacity that has been deployed.
Almost all of that solar capacity is on built environments, rooftops and
parking lots, through exactly the mechanism that Palo Alto CLEAN is based
on, a Feed in Tariff. The price in Germany ten years ago for their Feed in
Tariff was set at something on the order of 40 cents US. Today they're
paying 6 cents US for rooftop solar. That is the cheapest solar that Palo Alto
could ever dream of. It's the same price, in fact, that these big central
generation solar projects are priced at. That just shows when you get the
learning process, the local solar is going to be the cheapest solar that we
could ever possibly get, because you avoid the transmission cost. The
calculation in Palo Alto is the transmission is worth somewhere between 3
and 4 cents a kilowatt hour. Those numbers of 6 and 7 and 8 cents don't
include the 3 to 4 cents. That's why it's set at 10.4

Mayor Holman: Could I ask you one question?

Mr. Lewis: Yeah, sure.

Mayor Holman: The timeframe that the price dropped in LA was what?

Mr. Lewis: It was over about a 2 1/2 year period.

Mayor Holman: Given we're still dual tasking, City Clerk, do you have
results? This is for the HRC appointment.

Ms. Minor: Shelly Gordon Gray with five votes has been appointed to the
Human Relations Commission.

Mayor Holman: Now we can be singularly focused on Item Number 4.
Thank you, City Clerk.

Council Member DuBois: Questions first, I assume. I have a question for
Troy, I believe it was. I'm curious if the lease with the City was $0, would
your project make economic sense?

Mr. Helming: Do you mean at the 10 cent price?
                                                                          Page 28 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
