                         TRANSCRIPT
Waste group, Public Works. Congratulations. It looks like a wonderful
program, and it's widely adopted by other communities. Thank you for that.
You've made an impressive case. Thank you so much for the presentation
and for the efforts.

Ms. Pant: Thank you so much for the opportunity.

3.   Proclamation Recognizing the Week of May 10, 2015 as Police
     Week/National Peace Officers Memorial Day.

Council Member DuBois:    Read the Proclamation into the record.

Dennis Burns, Police Chief: Mayor, Members of the Council. Thank you so
much for the Proclamation. I want to invite the Council as well as the public
to a brief ceremony this Friday, May 15th, at Cogswell Plaza. We'll be
celebrating National Police Day, remembering our three fallen officers as well
as honoring Officer Ted Brassinga, who was killed on National Police Day 21
years ago. Hopefully you all can make it. Thank you very much for the
Proclamation. That's at 9:00 a.m.

4.   Presentation on the American Public Works Association (APWA)
     Accreditation Process.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Department: Good evening, Mayor and Members
of the City Council. I'm Mike Sartor, the Public Works Director here in Palo
Alto. Seated to my right or to your left is Larry Perlin, our Accreditation
Manager. Tonight we're going to give you a presentation on our American
Public Works Accreditation process, which has been ongoing for almost two
years now. It's a process where we look at all of our practices and
procedures and policies to ensure that we're following best management
practices as laid out by the American Public Works Association (APWA). This
presentation to you tonight is a required part of the accreditation process to
demonstrate that we are dedicated to continuous improvement here in the
Public Works Department of Palo Alto. Before we start that, I'd like to
show...

James Keene, City Manager: May I say something before you do?

Mr. Sartor: Absolutely, Jim.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. Sometimes people say, "Why would you go through
this laborious process of accrediting Public Works?" Fortunately, we have a
Council who has been leading on infrastructure, members who served on the
Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission, so you know very well what critical
importance infrastructure is to the life of our community. Mike went out
                                                                          Page 6 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
