                         TRANSCRIPT

to the Housing Fund so that the money you approved for purchase of Buena
Vista can be freed up. Thank you for your time.

Council Member DuBois: A couple of quick questions. I guess a question for
City Attorney. There was a letter from Herb Borock raising questions about
potential lawsuits by changing the use of this money. Could you comment
on that letter?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. We looked
at the nexus study that supports the fund and the previous guidelines and
State and local law. We're confident that the change that's before you on
today is lawful. It's a lawful expansion of the guidelines in a limited way
that would be supported. I would note that the nexus study that established
the fee in the initial instance in 1993, which was updated in 2001, noted that
the City needed flexibility to either rehabilitate existing units or build new
ones. The nexus study did support the existence of the fee for either of
those two purposes.

Council Member DuBois: I guess kind of a related question was should we
limit the revisions to only preservation of mobile home parks or do we want
this to be more broad for preservation of (crosstalk).

Ms. Stump: The Planning Director might want to speak to this. All you're
doing today is establishing guidelines that would create a permissible use of
the funds that the Council would make decisions about later. You're not
making any funding decisions tonight. You're not approving any projects
tonight.

Council Member DuBois: I understand that. I'm just saying if you're sure
there's no legal risk, is there any benefit to making it more narrow versus
more broad?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. Hillary Gitelman again.
I think that's a policy question for the Council. We do have two funds,
residential and commercial funds, and we have a lot of housing need for
both new construction and for preserving existing affordable units. The way
we've crafted this it would apply to all existing units that are subsequently
deed restricted as affordable.      You could make that more narrow by
describing one particular subset of existing units, if you like.

Council Member DuBois: You're actually anticipating wanting to use it more
broadly?

                                                                       Page 72 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
