                         TRANSCRIPT
of the concurrent effort focused on parks, trails and open space—considering
as part of that process whether it should be updated or revised in any way.

Vice Mayor Schmid:        I'm just concerned that the only demographic
discussion will not be by the CAC or the Council. It will be done by the Parks
Master Plan.

Ms. Gitelman: Just to respond briefly. I think, as Vice Mayor Schmid is
aware, we're working concurrently on a Draft EIR which will be available and
discussed in January under our schedule. That EIR will have a section
related to Community Services and Facilities, and it looks at potential
impacts of growth anticipated during the build-out of the Comprehensive
Plan on Community Services. We will have that kind of quantitative,
analytical discussion in the context of the EIR.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Great. That's good and important. That January date
comes after, I believe, the CAC finishes their discussion and the Council
finishes our discussion on the community services.

Ms. Gitelman: Just to clarify, the CAC will have had their discussion on a
draft that we will prepare following receipt of your direction this evening.
The Council will not have concluded its deliberations on the Community
Services and Facilities Element until sometime in 2016 when you receive the
CAC's recommendation on the Comp Plan Elements.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess it says here January 11th review of CAC work
on community services, review by Council, final review.

Mayor Holman: Can we just rely on Staff to update that schedule, so that
we can sweep up consideration of C-28 pending the Master Plan?

Ms. Gitelman: Happy to look at that schedule. Forgive me, I didn't see that
on the schedule. We're happy to look at that.

Mayor Holman: Anything else, Vice Mayor Schmid?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. I just want to make the point that demographic
assumptions are critical in making good policy choices.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I wish I had been able to wade in earlier in the
conversation to help try to set some context around this C-28 debate. All
the way back when the '98 Comp Plan went through, there was discussion as
that was being adopted and subsequently to it. I'm trying to remember as
best I can the nature of the discussion. Here's my best shot at it. I've had
                                                                       Page 74 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
