                             MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to change in Number 1 of the
Motion- “retail” to “retail and services”.

Ms. Stump reported Staff would need to return to the Council to discuss
detailed issues and to notice a discussion focused on retail preservation.
The current Agenda Item was focused on growth management.

Mayor Holman asked if Council Member Scharff intended for Staff to return
with an Interim Ordinance after Staff conducted the analysis of retail
locations.

Council Member Scharff intended Staff to return with an Interim Ordinance
as soon as possible.

Ms. Stump asked if Council Member Scharff was seeking an Ordinance
applicable to specific properties outside an area that required retail but
where retail was present.

Council Member Scharff wanted an Interim Ordinance to be in effect while
the Council clarified the ground-floor retail requirement.

Ms. Stump inquired whether the Interim Ordinance should pertain to retail
property regardless of where those properties were located in the City.

Council Member Scharff replied yes.      The Ordinance could expire in six
months or a year.

Ms. Stump would need to review a variety of issues and return with a
properly agendized item for public participation. That type of focused
direction in asking for a specific Ordinance was not a current Agenda Item.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the end of Number 2
in the Motion-: “and reconsider: a) definitions of retail and services; and b)
locations throughout commercial areas.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether the City Attorney would return to the
Council prior to presenting or when presenting an Interim Ordinance.

Ms. Stump understood Council Member Scharff wanted Staff to address the
issue with all possible speed. Staff would review different ways to do that
and present them to the Council as choices.

Council Member Kniss asked if that would be publicized.

03/02/2015                                                             117- 50
