                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Asp: That was something that we looked at in terms of when we were
looking at the detailed design piece, the design parameters, we looked at
the existing assets that were available, at what could be leveraged.

Council Member Burt Okay. I didn't see those numbers. I'm losing all my
time here.

Ms. Hovis: Council Member, the cost estimates take into account existing
infrastructure where it's possible to utilize it. I don't know that the text pulls
out all aspects of that, because I don't think that the text pulls out all of the
cost assumptions, although all of them were vetted through City Staff in
some detail.

Council Member Burt: Let me just say that I think we and our Citizen
Advisory Committee and our utilities, those are the sorts of numbers that
we'd actually like to see. Because I only have five minutes and I lost three
of it on this first question. There was a comment that we don't have
experience in for-choice provision, but to some degree we do actually. Our
commercial fiber system is for-choice; there are choices there. Maybe we
can go at another time into a deeper discussion of how that compares and
that experience. I'm not saying it is equivalent to a retail proposition. I do
want to switch for a moment to what sort of pricing difference is there when
Comcast or AT&T has competition and when they do not. If you can real
briefly, give me an approximate range. I realize it's not a single specific
number, but just a point of reference. Jonathan, I don't know if you know
that or who does.

Mr. Asp: We have a number. There's a number in the report that we have.

Ms. Hovis: While Tom finds the number in the report, let me speak to that
as a general matter. Google has transformed the pricing model around ...

Council Member Burt: Right. I know you mentioned that.

Ms. Hovis: ... data services obviously. There was no gigabit product
anywhere, and then the original ones were $1,000 or more. Google set it at
$70, and that has now become the new norm, 70, 80, etc. Competitive
markets will react competitively. It is very difficult to pull apart Comcast
and AT&T pricing, because they bundle services in all markets. It's hard to
allocate, to understand how much of it is for what service. They also don't
have what would appear to be consistent pricing for us because of ...

                                                                          Page 38 of 130
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/28/15
