                         TRANSCRIPT
in this context, however, because there are so many different zones along
this corridor in this portion of El Camino, that a court probably wouldn't
consider that to be spot zoning. There probably would be a legitimate
reason to customize a particular zone for just this piece of property.

Mayor Holman: What I was understanding previously, just because of the
discretionary action of rezoning this and amending the Comp Plan, we can't
just like unilaterally do that. We would have to change the Zoning Code to
do that. Is that what you're saying? That's not what I'd understood
previously.

Ms. Silver: There would have to be an amendment to the Zoning Code and
the Zoning Map. You would amend the Zoning Code to create a special
customized zone for this piece of property and perhaps some other
properties in the general vicinity, and then you would also codify that on the
Zoning Map itself.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Does this mean that I get my dream and I get the
last word tonight? Anyways, never mind.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk) project. I went to the Comp Plan.
Applicant mentions Policy L-5, maintaining scale and character; L-6, avoid
abrupt changes; L-16, encourage small neighborhood retail. There's also
Policy L-69 and Program 71 that goes with that, which identifies this area as
a scenic route. The Comp Plan goes on to say that Page Mill and Oregon
Expressway are recognized as gateways to our town. I'm paraphrasing, but
it basically talks about Oregon having landscaping. You get to Page Mill, and
it has very wide setbacks. You go through the grasslands. You go up to
Foothills to Skyline Boulevard. When I drive up Oregon, you see the
Foothills, and it really is a nice view. I would like to see us protect that
view. I don't want to see a large building kind of blocking off the view there.
I don't think we want to engage in spot zoning or creating a custom zone.
The next thing I did was I went to look at a Zoning Map. Like we said,
there's a lot of zones here, CN, CS, PCs which are housing. Right next door
across Sherman Avenue, 2675 El Camino is CN that has RM-40 behind. On
this block we have residential PCs. One's is 40 feet high, and we have this
parcel. Across the street we have CS and R-1. I believe the R-1 constrains
with the daylight plane there. There's also a CN. We have huge setbacks at
Palo Alto Square with trees in the parking lots. Then we have a soccer field.
I was curious about kind of zoning before those PCs went into place, so I
talked to our zoning historian, Bob Moss. He told me that most of the lots
                                                                        Page 61 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
