                          TRANSCRIPT

few. As far as I know, we never took a single vote; we reached the
decisions by total and complete consensus. I'll just footnote I missed one
meeting but, as far as I know, everything was done by consensus. I think
that is extraordinary and virtually unheard of. The fact that this proposed
Resolution comes back to the Council after you said Healthy Cities Healthy
Communities was a Priority for the entire community for this year, that this
proposed Resolution was reached essentially with unanimity, as a consensus
by this diverse group shows to me that this proposed Resolution reflects not
only important but deeply held, common values that reflect what Palo Alto's
all about. I would urge you to adopt it tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, and thank you for coming, John. There are a
couple of other members of the working group here, or stakeholder group
here too. Council Member Scharff, you had your light on.

Council Member Scharff: I did. First of all, I'd like to say that I think there's
some great work that was done here. There's a lot of stuff in here that's
great. I was pleased to hear you, Rob, say that it was aspirational. I
actually could support passing this tonight if we made it aspirational. I think
things we need to do, for instance, instead of saying "making every effort
to," which as a lawyer you'd never write in a contract "making every effort
to." You'd never even write "best efforts." The standard is way too high. I
would propose that if we added something along—I don't really care what
the language is, but something with the idea that it's aspirational. For
instance, healthy food (inaudible) and making—healthy food and "striving
to" as opposed to "making every effort to." If we said "striving to," then I
think we've put it as aspirational. I think what Mr. Kelley said, other Boards
and Commissions could look at this and say, "This is sort of one of those
things that we looked at doing, that we think is aspirational, that we'd like to
move in that direction," as opposed as to being very directive and saying,
"We're going to do that, and we're going to spend whatever it takes. We're
going to do whatever it takes." That's really what "making every effort"
means. Then I think we just need to go through and soften some of this.
For instance, I'll just use one example. If we say "set nutrition standards for
vending machines located in City-owned or leased locations and for food ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, could I ask like when you're—I
think it'll help all of us to track if you would say what section and what
number as you make comments.

Council Member Scharff: Sure. The first part when I was talking about in
my comments when we talked about—I said "striving to," that's under every
                                                                          Page 64 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
