                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach:       I'm not going to accept it as a friendly
amendment, just because I don't like particularly how it's worded here. I'd
be open to an amendment that that emphasizes the importance of water,
because I share that concern.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If there is a second or a friendly amendment.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to add to the Motion, “Council will have either a Policy or Program following
the approval of the 2016 Urban Water Management Plan on Goal N-4.”

Council Member DuBois: Would you care to restate? Are you trying to send
direction to the CAC?

Vice Mayor Schmid: That we would send either a program or a policy or a
text to the CAC once Council has approved the Urban Water Management
Plan.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “Council will send to the
Comprehensive Plan Update Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) either a
Policy or Program following the approval of the 2016 Urban Water
Management Plan on Goal N-4 (Water Resources).”

Mayor Holman: Can I suggest that it would be a new goal, so not to
intermingle it within "4." No? Director Gitelman says no.

Ms. Gitelman: I really think it is at a policy level, not a goal level.

Mayor Holman: Yes, I was looking at the wrong thing here.                    That is
seconded by Council Member DuBois. Correct?

Council Member DuBois: Yep.

Mayor Holman:      Do you care to speak any further to your amendment,
Motion now?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think water is so important for our future, that it's
important the Council have an opportunity to weigh on that subject once the
data is available to us.     That would come once we get the Water
Management Plan.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, speak to your second.

                                                                            Page 53 of 86
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 12/9/15
