                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: The fact that we just changed our former waste—
what is it called again? I guess I'll just say the dump, landfill. Does that
count towards that or not?

Mr. de Geus: No, that's our open space. That's separate.

Council Member Scharff: That's open space (crosstalk).

Mr. de Geus: Correct.

Mr. Keene: Could I just add to that?

Council Member Scharff: Sure.

Mr. Keene: If you looked at the open space or the regional park standard,
what are our numbers? They've got to be really good.

Mr. de Geus: Yes, they're very good for the open space parks, but that's
different than a regional park which is really still in the urban area of the
community, not in the open space on the outskirts.

Council Member Scharff: I guess one of the interesting questions, if we're
70 acres—I'm curious on what we are on each, how that breaks down. Do
you know what we are on neighborhood parks?

Mr. de Geus: That's closer to—it's 70 acres total. It's about 20 acres short
on the neighborhood parks.

Council Member Scharff: Twenty acres short.

Mr. de Geus: Something like that. For this standard. I think the question
that Jeremy brought up, is this a good policy for the Comprehensive Plan, it
may or may not be. It's not a very sharp focus for our community and the
limits that we have and maybe the opportunities that we have. We may
come back and have a more specific policy recommendation related to
adding parks than a national standard like this one.

Mayor Holman: Can I suggest something here? It seems like we're getting
a little bit into the weeds, as Staff might say, in terms of the specific
numbers. What we're really looking at here is a policy. Could I suggest,
and you all decide, that the motion at least at this point in time says to
retain Policy C-28, if that's the pleasure of the Council, we could still retain
Policy C-28, but it be updated and informed by the Master Plan when it
returns.

Council Member Scharff: I actually was thinking something similar.
                                                                         Page 65 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
