                          TRANSCRIPT
wouldn't have to fight about it quite so much. Setting that issue aside, the
idea of exempting small projects might be a good one just as a policy
matter. One of the concerns we raise in the Staff Report, and you heard it
from a couple of the speakers, is the concern that putting a big program like
this in place is you're going to scare away a bunch of people that might want
to do a small fix to an existing building, but they can't add on because
they're getting caught in this year-long process with uncertain results at the
end of it. Again, that's a question we'd be interested in the Council's
thoughts on that.

Council Member Scharff: The other issue I didn't see raised in the Staff
Report is if the 50,000 square feet is not used in a particular year, should it
carry forward? Did I miss that or is that not addressed?

Ms. Gitelman: We did address that back in the March Staff Report. Our
observation at that time is that the 50,000 square foot or whatever the limit
is, it wouldn't be effective at metering the pace of growth if it would roll
forward. Then the allocation would accrue. This is what's happened in San
Francisco where during the recession they didn't see a lot of development.
Now they're seeing a whole ton, and they have this enormous backlog of
allocations to give. There's no metering mechanism in place.

Council Member Scharff: That's why Staff didn't put that in there. Without
that ability, we would then say no office building in those areas could ever
be larger than 50, 000 square feet. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. Without some kind of special Council action.

Council Member Scharff: Are some of these sites zoned for more than
50,000 square feet of office that are included within the cap areas?

Ms. Gitelman: We would have to look at that. The one large site that we
have in this area, the Fry's site, is currently zoned residential. We're going
to talk about that at your meeting next week. We'd have to analyze that.

Council Member Scharff: I'm almost done. On the criteria, Staff seems to
be struggling—maybe it's not the criteria. It's the metering, the process.
That was early on in the Staff Report. You have the recommendation on
page 9 which is establish a procedure by which the applications are accepted
and processed as they are currently, except nothing would be approved
before March 31st. This is based on fiscal years; is that how that works? Is
this based on you'd have to get your stuff in in January or when does this
start?


                                                                        Page 44 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
