                          TRANSCRIPT
That's mainly due to the southbound movement making a left turn onto
Charleston. Many residents expressing difficulty making that movement
during peak hours. Finally, the Fabian Way intersection and Charleston.
Here in the westbound direction, again we're providing one through lane and
a dedicated right-turn lane. In the eastbound direction, we maintain the two
lanes but also added a left-turn lane onto Fabian Way not only for vehicles
but also a separate left turning-lane for bicyclists as well. On the east leg of
the intersection, we're adding a new crosswalk, basically having a crosswalk
on all four legs of the intersection. These are the major project locations
that we're presenting to you today. Next steps on the project. Essentially
we have the City Council action today. Next we'll have a public meeting
again to present the landscaping concept to the community. Finally, we'll
complete the environmental assessment for NEPA. The CEQA has already
been completed as part of this presentation today. We'll proceed into final
design and eventually a phased construction of the project. That concludes
our presentation.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. We have a number of speakers from
the public, and two minutes for each public speaker is what we'll have this
evening. If you could also move to the front when you hear your name
called, that would really help us move through these.

Michael Mauriert: Good evening. My name's Michael Mauriert. I've lived in
Palo Alto on the south side of Charleston-Arastradero since 1949. I attended
six elementary schools here, Terman Junior High School, and graduated
from Cubberley. We live in Green Acres I, one of the loop neighborhoods on
the south side of Arastradero. With Glenbrook Avenue, it's a creek-side
base. Our neighborhood loop includes Pomona, Fairmede and Glenbrook.
Our only ingress and egress is via Arastradero. My children attended Juana
Briones, Terman Junior High School and Gunn, so we're very familiar with
the dynamics of Charleston-Arastradero. We've long been strongly in favor
of permanent retention of the Arastradero Road restriping trial. We're
equally strongly in favor of your approval of the Concept Plan Lines, for the
hardscape installation of the Charleston-Arastradero plan.        This is an
excellent project we can point to with pride as a systematic, objective effort
to make our end of town safer and more pleasant for children, drivers,
bicyclists and pedestrians, our growing elderly population, basically for us
all. The Concept Plan Lines before you are the outcome of that extensive
study and community process. The project is the most feasible solution to
the corridor's problems.     Severe congestion isn't new on Arastradero.
Before the 2002 trial, Arastradero looked like a parking lot during peak
times, especially in the mornings when school commuters and work
commuters converge. Outside the peak periods including the afternoon
                                                                         Page 83 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
