                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I think, again, it's ...

Mr. Lait: I'm just trying to figure out ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois ...

Council Member DuBois: Council Member Wolbach wants to speak. Yep?

Mayor Holman: Let me see if I can offer that might help, and then we'll go
to Council Member Wolbach. We talked about earlier having an info item
come to Council.     What Staff is saying is if it's an info item that is
languishing or delayed, then we're in a situation where one applicant might
get one interpretation, then we might change it after that application. Do I
understand correctly?

Mr. Lait: You read me correctly, but the City Attorney has another concern.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: An info item is informational. As I understood
Vice Mayor Schmid's suggestion, it was an additional way to bring forward
what has been the administrative interpretations that have come into play
during the last quarter. Bring them forward to the public and to the Council
for informational purposes. If the Council wanted to make a change in the
way that the law had been defined to mean and applied to projects, the way
to do that is to amend our Code. If I could offer this? If the Council is
concerned about the process that's being proposed here tonight, I think one
thing we could all agree is that it is clearer, more explicit and more
transparent than the current situation.         If Council was interested in
approving it by amending the ordinance as recommended, you could also
put it on your Tier 2 list to revisit. If you wanted to take another step and
take more control over that level of administrative interpretation because
you felt it wasn't working well, you could make that Code amendment at
some point in the future. What's being proposed to you tonight is a very
standard process. I think it's quite true to say that in an area like Planning
where you're applying general laws to specific projects over time, it's
impossible to anticipate every single detailed issue that will come into play in
applying the law. You want to give some ability for your Staff to do that.
They're proposing good government transparency provisions that will surface
that and make it consistent for other applicants, and then provide the
opportunity for a change. Nothing the Staff would ever do would change the
law, because we know that that's not permissible. If an issue needs to be
addressed in a way that the Staff thinks would require a change in the Code,
they cannot do that administratively. They have to come back to the
Council.


                                                                         Page 62 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
