                          TRANSCRIPT
information.     The report from EIP and 2008 Staff Reports say that
insignificant amounts of groundwater were pumped. There is no published
information in these reports on the groundwater budget. The current
information is that the groundwater pumped is 5 to 10 percent of likely
inflow and 20 to 50 percent of rainwater inflows to the sub-basin. From the
2004 EIP report, because dewatering for basement construction occurs only
in the uppermost portion of the shallow aquifer, there will be no effect on
the deeper aquifer. The current information is that the shallow and the deep
aquifers are hydrologically connected and the shallow aquifer directly and
indirectly supplies the deep aquifer which is the source of our emergency
water supply. The last piece of information that we're sharing tonight is that
the report from the IEP stated that groundwater in the influence area would
move toward the base of the excavation and would extend from several feet
to several tens of feet. Keith showed tonight that the water table is
significantly lowered up to 1,000 feet away for a single excavation site and
lowered within a 1-mile radius. A significant amount of water is removed
from neighboring properties. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.       Our final speaker this evening on Oral
Communications is Rita Vrhel.

Rita Vrhel: I just wanted to thank everybody who was on the Policy and
Services Committee for listening to our concerns on 12/1. There are about
50 residents other than ourselves who came and spoke to this topic. The
discussion was very lively and quite informative. Staff was given a very
large list, probably 50 items, to investigate.         We had requested an
immediate moratorium on dewatering for residential basements.             Even
though Mr. Wolbach and Mr. DuBois indicated that they were looking at this,
inclined to this, in favor of this, considering this, no Motions were passed
pending Staff review of all the requests. The slides that Keith and Esther
just presented are pretty astounding. I was listening to NPR radio on
Saturday at 3:00 to 4:00, and they were talking about climate change and a
situation in a town 20 miles out of Fresno where the entire town one day
just their wells went dry. This is our emergency groundwater supply. I
think that it was very obvious during the Policy and Services Committee
meeting that the EIP report that has been the determining factor on how our
groundwater has been managed for the last 20 years was, per Mr. Bobel on
Mr. Burt's direct question, inaccurate. We don't pretend to know how much
groundwater we have, but we do feel that the reports that have been used
by the City for groundwater policy are incorrect. There needs to be an
investigation of not only the shallow aquifer, but of who in the surrounding
cities are using this water and how long will this water potentially last if no
one knows how much there is or how many people are using it. This not
only speaks to residents who have their own wells, but it also speaks to
                                                                        Page 24 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
