                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I'm giving greater consideration to this process and
the comments the City Manager made. It's a little confusing, because the
second recommendation from Staff is quite different from what I understood
the City Manager to say. If we were to think that in the broader discussion
around neighborhood preservation would be part of the Comp Plan, would
that be an open-ended discussion or would that need any preliminary
framing by the Council or Policy and Services Committee or Planning and
Transportation Commission as input to the Comp Plan discussion or should it
simply be open-ended and allow it to percolate through the Comp Plan
process? Do either you or Director Gitelman have any notions of how that
would occur if it was folded into the Comp Plan?

Mr. Keene: I'll let Hillary jump in. It's hard to prescribe what the Comp Plan
process ought to be as it goes through its one, two, three-year cycle. To the
extent that components of it can come into place in an integrated way and
be presented holistically, that seems to have an advantage. However, the
processes I've been in, things get clarified or the urgency of a particular item
gets clarified during the process. It could accelerate out. That seems more
methodical to me than what we're doing here. This came up without any
greater context. The real concern I have is we're not thinking through the
implications of what it takes to do an assignment like this when we look at it
like this. I can guarantee you, unless you prescribed it right now and said
something very narrowly, we could get in a discussion and the Policy and
Services Committee or somebody else is going to have to frame it or
reframe it or contain it. I don't even know what's on the Policy and Services
docket.

Council Member Burt:          I'm hearing several different issues thrown in
together. One is needing to integrate whatever we may do within Staff
workload. That's entirely appropriate. In fact, the Council has emphasized
that at a high level to Staff repeatedly. I don't think you'd have any
problem if you'd remind us anytime that we have a new assignment, that
Staff needs to request to come back and frame the impact on the work plan
and where this would fit within a work plan. That's entirely appropriate.
There's another question on the workload of Policy and Services Committee
if it went there or if it went to the Planning and Transportation Commission.
We have a workload, and we'd have to get a sense from the Council of the
relative priority of this. If we had questions, we'd return to Council and say,
"Here are choices." The primary thrust of my question is the best process.
If this is going to be part of a wider discussion in the Comp Plan, how that
would occur. There is a real value of having brought it up under tonight's
discussion. Whichever of these directions we give, it has now had a greater
attention placed on it for within the Comp Plan discussion than it previously
had. That's a valuable usefulness at a minimum. I was trying to think
                                                                          Page 58 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
