                          TRANSCRIPT
We had a fairly large group, maybe that was 15. People adapted pretty well
to it. It wasn't a big deal. The question before us is are we comfortable
with this just being a Brown Act committee and then what additional
guidance. The more I think about it, I would like to go ahead and continue
with the motion with the understanding that it would be Brown Acted.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “working group” to “working group of
diverse stakeholders.”
Council Member Burt: This is akin to what we had in the SOFA committees.
Mayor Holman, is that language good? I'll just speak to that as well. When
we set up this, we had people apply for specific stakeholder positions, so we
defined the set of stakeholder positions and then took applicants for each.
That may be a way to do it. I'm not going to put in the motion how we
would execute that diverse stakeholders. We may want to have a little more
conversation on that, if we give it some thought. I just wanted to toss out
that that's one method that we might use. I also wouldn't want to imply
that the current Leadership Committee wouldn't be strongly considered to be
part of this, but I agree that it shouldn't just be rolled into them. There are
people on that committee who have been engaging in the Comp Plan.
Whether they had a background in it, I wouldn't agree that that matters.
When we had CPAC, most of the people in it didn't come into it with a
background. They acquired it; they dove into it and everybody learned. The
same thing with the SOFA areas.           They had their certain stakeholder
expertise, but we didn't know much about concept plans or specific plans.
Those are the reasons that I would still welcome going forward with this and
the guidance on what I'm thinking would be its structure. It's a pretty
important decision. This will have a big influence on how this process moves
forward. Undoubtedly this will return to us, right, for some way in which we
would put some meat on the bone as to how this would be structured and
how we would go about interviewing and selecting candidates and those
kinds of things. Right? It doesn't have enough clarity to go forward.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question, Council Member Burt. That
depends on the Council's intention. If you want the City Manager to solicit
applications and make appointments like we did with the Housing
Committee, then...

Council Member Burt: No, we just said we were going to do a Brown Acted
committee.

Ms. Gitelman: The City Attorney has indicated just by calling for the
creation of the committee this evening it is a Brown Act committee.

                                                                          Page 45 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
