                          TRANSCRIPT
preserve the site in perpetuity for affordable housing, if this all works out.
You have a big role to play in this. This is very much your decision, your
responsibility to step up and participate. We need you to do that. We don't
need delay; we need action. Good luck in your deliberations. A lot is
depending on this. I have known these folks for a long time now, an awful
lot of them. These are fine people. These are the people we want in Palo
Alto. To lose them would be a tremendous loss and a loss of a part of our
heart and a part of what we're about. Make a good decision and do it now.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to make a motion.

Council Member Berman: I'll go ahead and second it.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you, Council Member Berman. I'd like to
move that we direct the City Manager to identify and set aside $8 million
plus an additional $6.5 million in affordable housing funds for the purpose of
preserving affordable housing at Buena Vista Mobile Home Park and that
Staff shall return to Council with draft amended guidelines to permit use of
commercial housing funds for this purpose.

Mayor Holman: We already have a predetermined second to that.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to identify and set aside $8 million plus $6.5 million in affordable
housing funds to match Santa Clara County funds made available for the
purpose of preserving affordable housing at Buena Vista Mobilehome Park
and that Staff will return to Council with draft guidelines to allow for the use
of Commercial Housing Funds for this purpose.

Council Member Wolbach: We've already heard that the funds at hand must
be used for this purpose or some other affordable housing purpose. We've
already heard that this is a very good deal for the City. We can discuss
more about the numbers, if there's any debate about that. Families are the
focus here. There are a number of families with a stake. One is the owner's
family, who's often forgotten. Another group of families we see many of
tonight are the families of the residents of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.
The third family that I'd like to mention briefly is the larger Palo Alto family.
By setting aside $14.5 million for use in a potential purchase of Buena Vista
at market rate, we demonstrate how we value all of the families involved.
Our objective is to play a role in helping find a win-win-win, so that each
family with a stake in Buena Vista has an opportunity for a bright future.
We would be thrilled to have resolution quickly, but we also want to make
clear, particularly to the owners, that they should not feel rushed. It is our
intention to work with you to find a positive solution.

                                                                           Page 20 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/29/15
