                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I guess my concern for my colleagues that I'm
looking for somebody to give me confidence in is how this realistically rolls
out. How we can have under current parking requirements that make it very
difficult for a restaurant use on Cambridge Ave., other than the one that
currently exists, how we create a retail core that attracts the pedestrian
traffic necessary for a successful retail corridor that currently would pretty
much only be made up of retail and person services uses? I just wonder if
we're not necessarily thinking through exactly how this is going to be
successful.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights. I started speaking, and there are
other lights. I think there seems to be some confusion and some—we're not
looking to change the parking requirements for restaurants tonight, one way
or the other. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Correct.

Mayor Holman: If a restaurant couldn't go in on Cambridge Avenue tonight,
today, it also wouldn't be any different tomorrow. Well, 30 days from now
when we pass this ordinance. The requirement is no different.

Mr. Lait: Correct.

Mayor Holman: To be really clear because it's been stated a few times, but
it seems to go back and forth, we're not kicking anybody out. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Correct.

Mayor Holman: If someone wanted to put in a hair and nail salon—he left—
a barbershop, they would need a CUP but they still could go there.

Mr. Lait: A CUP on California Avenue, no CUP on Cambridge.

Mayor Holman: Yes, okay, all right. Just to get some of those things
hopefully kind of clarified. Is there anything that we could do, not tonight,
anything we could look at to do to especially encourage retail down by Molly
Stone on Cambridge?         Sometimes cities give, like, expedited permit
processing. They do forgiveness of sales tax for a period of time. There are
a number of things that cities do to kind of encourage something. What I'm
kind of looking at is down at the Molly Stone end of things. You've got Molly
Stone; you've got the Post Office; you've got a little drug store there. Is
there something we could do to kind of build on that synergy that those
have? Has Staff given any thought to that?



                                                                       Page 58 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
