                          TRANSCRIPT
wireless system. It's better than having that money sitting in the bank in a
fund now which is essentially from the department that runs it is a fund for
large companies to provide their own equipment to light up the dark fiber. A
more retail business is a different business, but by itself is a large user just
like those large users are. I think the time has passed for further consultant
studies and further City Staff studies. It requires a vision from the Council
to want to do this. I believe we have the ability to pay for that dark fiber
build-out with the existing reserves and revenue stream from the dark fiber
business. Anything that we would get, an income stream from a fiber to the
premises business would be extra money, so we would meet a community
need. We would have a system that could provide service to residents and
businesses by a contractor we chose that did not do data mining for ad
purposes or tracking usage. We could provide a service that would be the
technology and architecture that we want. To be advising Council at this
point from the public should all be done in public, rather than choosing
specific people who then meet privately with Staff.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I want to
give you a little perspective on this. As you know I was on the Board of
Cable Co-Op for more than 20 years. We were very interested in building
fiber to the home. I think it was 1997, we got a cost estimate for what it
would cost to put fiber to 100 home nodes for the entire franchise area. It
was not just Palo Alto, but it included Atherton, Menlo Park and some parts
of Stanford.      We were told that 100-home nodes was absolutely
unprecedented. Everybody else was building to 1,000-home nodes. We
said, "We don't care. We want 100-home nodes." The cost was $25 million.
Doing Palo Alto alone would have cost about $14 or $15 million. The $40
million estimate that you're getting today puzzles me. Labor costs have
gone up, but equipment costs have gone down. I don't understand why
we're being told it's going to cost so much. Second, we were told that
having fiber to the home or having fiber to these nodes, especially in the
business areas, would have a huge beneficial impact on the community
overall and on the business vitality. Businesses would move in and use fiber
broadband connections to eliminate a lot of people having to go in to work,
to drive to work. They could use the broadband to work. They could locate
in Palo Alto and do business literally all over the world very effectively. In
fact, we saw that actually happen where there was some fiber on West
Bayshore. There were businesses that moved in there and specifically told
us they had moved because they could get to the fiber by just moving a few
feet. Now, that does not put fiber—the bid we got did not put fiber to the
actual home. We figured that if anybody wanted to have fiber from the node
to the home, they would have to pay for it. At that time, the cost estimate
was about $1,100 to $1,200. I don't know what it is today, but it's probably

                                                                         Page 20 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
