                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Brian Quo, to be followed
by Benjamin Cintz.

Brian Quo: Hi. My name is Brian Quo. I want to thank you for allowing me
to come and speak to you. I have a business in the SOFA District; I'm a
dentist. I also live in Palo Alto as well. I have six employees. Of course, all
six of those employees need to park somewhat close to my office. They all
have small children as well. If they get called by their school or if their
grandmother takes care of their child or they're sick, they have to be able to
leave in a somewhat fast manner. I know the plan is to eventually eliminate
all parking for employees. I don't know if that's shortsighted or not.
Starting this coming 6 months to decrease by 10 percent or so, to start
eliminating parking for employees, I think that's not good for business. I
think it's going to chase businesses away, especially like mine. I rely upon—
a majority of my patients are coming from Palo Alto, and they're coming
from the Downtown area, because we see most patients who go to Addison,
who go to other schools in the area. I think it's going to affect a lot of the
businesses in the area. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Benjamin Cintz, followed
by Russ Cohen.

Benjamin Cintz: Good evening, Council. My name's Benjamin Cintz. I sent
an email earlier today to all the members of the Council setting forth three
areas that I wanted to address in connection with RPP. I am a member of
the stakeholder group and have participated in the meetings. I agree—
essentially there are three areas. The first which I'll discuss is which option
to use. I think the concentric zones of the options that have been proposed
is the one that makes the most sense, both for residents and for businesses,
in that it allows people who are employees, if they're working north of
Downtown, to be closer to where they work, and those south of Downtown
to be closer also, so that we have a more efficient use of the parking. The
issue with the zones is going to be how do you stop people from clumping
close—using the streets that are closest to Downtown.            I think that's
something that Staff needs to look at more closely. I believe that Sue-Ellen
indicated they will be doing that in terms of tweaking the concentric zones.
Two other points that I made related to the subject of the 2,000 employee
permit max and the 10 percent reduction per year over a period of 10 years.
I did not hear Sue-Ellen address those in her presentation. I did hear her
say that the 10 percent reduction was based on a simple analysis. I would
agree with that. I think more data needs to be gathered before any action is
taken in terms of any reduction. I think there needs to be a balance
between employee parking and resident parking. An elimination over a
period of 10 years, I think, will very adversely affect Downtown. The last
                                                                       Page 41 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
