                          TRANSCRIPT
municipalities. Again, we are hoping that we will have a large turnout for
the 12/15 meeting even though it starts at 7:00. We are hoping that the
Policy and Services Committee will have an immediate moratorium imposed
while Staff investigates the numerous other issues involved. We also hope
that our emergency groundwater supply is protected by the City Council and
the Policy and Services Committee. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, and thank you all for coming this evening.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: That concludes Oral Communications and takes us to the
Consent Calendar.

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, may I just ...

Mayor Holman: Yes, sir.

Mr. Keene: ... depart from the usual practice just a little bit. A little
clarification. When we come back to the Policy and Services meeting on the
15th, there were so many items and the range and depth of things that the
Committee was concerned with, the main focus of that report will be able to
sort of triage the suggestions into kind of groupings of ways to time when
they could be discussed over time with Policy and Services. Lastly, I just
wouldn't want anybody to be misled by the meeting, that the Policy and
Services Committee itself has no authority to impose a moratorium or other
specific actions. Those are decisions that have to come to the whole Council
upon recommendation from Policy and Services. Nothing like that could take
place even until we got into the new year, just given the Council's schedule.
The Committee may have some discussions. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Just one question.      Is the Policy and Services Committee
agenda item, is it an action item?

Mr. Keene: It'll be scheduled as, I'm sure, an action item because they have
to make some decisions. It's also a late minute addition to a pretty busy
agenda that they also had previously scheduled. Given the length of time
that they spent at the last meeting, they did ask that we bring this back for
some discussion. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. With that, we go to the Consent Calendar.
Looking for a Motion by Council Members.

Council Member Kniss: So moved.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.
                                                                      Page 25 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
