                             MINUTES
Mr. Beccaria did not believe he could reach a conclusion for the best
methodology prior to May 4. The analysis was complex. Use of single-
family homes, townhouses, or condominiums probably would not work well.
More than likely it would be a comparison of apartment prices, because the
economic groups would be similar.

Council Member Wolbach clarified that the date would not be May 4.

Ms. Stump suggested Mr. Beccaria would not need to provide a final
methodology at that time. He should assess whether the methodology was
a realistic approach for the appraiser to take.

Council Member DuBois asked if the timing of the actual payments needed to
be stated. He asked if residents could receive the original payment amount,
move, and then receive the differential.

Ms. Stump understood residents could move once the closure notice was
posted. If there was an update to the appraisal at some point after that,
then the payment amount would be clarified.

Council Member DuBois did not believe residents could move until they had
received payment.

Ms. Stump explained that residents could move at any time should they
decide to do so.

Council Member DuBois meant that residents could not afford to move
without a payment. He inquired whether the Council could either pass the
Motion or approve or not approve the Hearing Officer's decision.

Ms. Stump interpreted Ms. Nanda's comments as the Council could take or
leave the Hearing Officer's decision; however, she did not read the
Ordinance in that manner. In her opinion, the Ordinance allowed the Council
to accept the park owner's proposed mitigation assistance with additional
conditions. The Hearing Officer added some conditions, and the park owner
agreed to most of those conditions. The Council had the ability to modify
those conditions and, therefore, could accept the Hearing Officer's decision
with some additional conditions provided they complied with State law. She
expected Ms. Nanda to explain clearly in writing if that was incorrect.

Council Member DuBois asked if the Council could clarify those conditions
should it vote not to approve the Hearing Officer's decision. He asked if the
result would be the same even though an additional step was required.



                                                                       Page 40 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
