                             MINUTES
Residents living along Matadero Creek were interested in the Matadero Creek
Trail Project. Staff worked with Midtown residents to develop a Citizens
Advisory Committee (CAC) who would help shape the project and identify
design alternatives. The Planning Director would review CAC applications in
the next weeks and name committee members. In 2014, the Bikeways Bill
stated that a project with an engineering stamp could be implemented if the
governing body adopted a resolution of design guidelines other than the
State standards. The National Association of City Transportation Officials
had developed a different design policy for pedestrian and bicycle facilities.
Staff would present a Resolution to the Council for adoption in the spring.
The Concept Plan Line for Middlefield Road would extend bicycle lanes to the
southern border of Mountain View. Staff had identified significant capital
improvements and potential real estate improvements needed for that
project. Staff was identifying capacity improvements at Cubberley and
Montrose in order to add left-turn lanes into those facilities in response to
community comments. Staff did not want to remove parking, but space was
needed to add bike lanes. Staff was reviewing areas to highlight green
bicycle lane facilities to identify conflict zones. The Concept Plan Lines were
not 100 percent engineering detailed, but they provided enough detail that
people could understand the concepts. If the Council approved those
Concept Line Plans, then the City would invest hundreds of thousands of
dollars to turn them into true design plans that were shovel-ready for grant
competitions. The Safe Routes to School Program drove the need for
change in the Bicycle Boulevard Program. Walk and Roll Maps for every
school in Palo Alto were used to prioritize Bicycle Boulevard Projects. Palo
Alto utilized more experimental bike materials than any other city in the
region. Staff invited vendors to propose new products so that Staff could
understand the lifecycle benefit costs of materials and select materials that
would provide the longest cost-benefit impact. The City was a leader in the
design and deployment of bicycle corral parking around the region. Some of
the first bicycle traffic signal facilities were installed at Alma Street and
Lytton Avenue. By having those materials and facilities, the community
could see and understand them and provide input.                   Many times
programmatic work in education was much more effective than building
facilities.

Staff adopted a national approach in providing consist messages to cyclists.
The City partnered with the Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition to develop ads,
which were showing up in other parts of California. The City did not have
technology to track bicycle and pedestrian activity within the community.
People physically counted cyclists and pedestrians and sometimes cars at
intersections. The City received a $100,000 grant to pay for bicycle and
pedestrian video-based counters which would be cost effective for
deployment around the City.

01/20/2015                                                             216- 331
