                          TRANSCRIPT
department in the '60s and late '70s. I love good design. My wife and I
purchased our Eichler home on Metro Circle in 1963, because of its crisp
design, intimate neighborhood of the Circle and its being in that wonderful
city called Palo Alto. Last year, our neighborhood's unique character was
threatened when the Planning Department approved a very large 4,500-
square-foot house, two-story, next to mine. The project was approved
despite our coming to the planning hearings with our protests. Fortunately
the owners of the lot decided on their own to become better neighbors and
to redesign their house at one-story. That's been the best outcome that any
of us could have predicted. As a result of this experience, our neighbors and
myself with the four other neighborhoods that are represented here probably
tonight are working on our single-story overlays. Almost all of us have
completed the sign-up of more than 70 percent or near 70 percent and are
ready to go forward and are stopped by the fees. You might say fees for
zoning change are normal, but they're normal for individual developers who
can factor them into their budget. For us—I realize it's a cost recovery thing
in Palo Alto—it's an unpredictable fee. You start out with an amount that
you could divide by how many ever you want and get what's fair. Then
there's an additional amount that you don't know until the Planning
Department gets to the cost that it needs to recover. It is important for this
kind of group to have those fees waived. I have done some research and
found that the last two SSOs that were applied for—that is Allen Court in
2004 and our sister circle Van Auken Circle, which we would complete the
SSO with, in 2002—neither of them paid a fee. Again, I would respectfully
ask you to consider waiving the fee. If you could at least make it a fixed fee
at perhaps something a little bit lower than it is now. Thank you.

Sheraden Nicholau, Abilities United: Thank you very much. I'm Sheraden
Nicholau from Abilities United. I'm here to say a deep thank you very much.
We are a HSRAP applicant and wanted to thank you for the community
organizations funding, and a thank you to the Finance Committee for
proposing the 2.6 percent cost of living adjustment. With your support, we
look forward in Fiscal Year '16 to serving Palo Alto and surrounding
communities, and doing so in a variety of ways for a variety of individuals
with different abilities. Specifically, early intervention services and therapy
services for infants and children with developmental and other disabilities;
respite home companion services; community integration which not only
serves adults with disabilities but also serves a variety of other nonprofits in
Palo Alto and surrounding areas; adaptive aquatics and water safety,
drowning prevention programs for children and for adults; and respite home
companions so that families can stay together. Thank you very much; thank
you for the funding. We look forward and encourage and hope that we can
see the 2.6 percent cost of living increase for Fiscal Year '16. Thank you
very much.
                                                                          Page 28 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
