                            MINUTES
for changing the Natural Environment Element to the Natural and Urban
Environment Element.

Ms. Gitelman suspected the name was changed in an effort to better
communicate the topics considered in the Element.

Council Member DuBois felt Natural Environment should be separate from
Urban Environment and Safety. He thought topics of preservation and open
space could be separate from urban environment.

Ms. Gitelman advised that one of the ideas in the existing Comprehensive
Plan was that the natural elements infiltrated the urban environment. The
City may have preserved open spaces, but creeks within the urban
environment had natural resource value.

Council Member DuBois believed pure urban topics could be segregated. He
appreciated the public communication regarding comparisons to other cities
and identification of agreed upon issues.

Council Member Kniss noted the Downtown Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) had
been successful in limiting growth over a long period of time. The Council
needed to share the same definitions of terms in discussing the
Comprehensive Plan. The Council held extensive discussions and received
extensive feedback regarding California Avenue. Healthy communities were
based on safety and land use. She inquired whether healthy communities
could be a part of the Natural and Urban Environment and Safety.
Sometimes healthy communities were a standalone Element.

Ms. Gitelman commented that healthy communities could be woven through
many, if not all Elements.

Council Member Kniss stated the purposes of the existing Comprehensive
Plan were livability, walkability, and urbanization. The goal was to have
more near transit and a better circulation plan. She asked if Staff had a
sense of the Leadership Group's desires to hold more in-depth discussions
over an extended period.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the Leadership Group's role was to assist Staff
with community outreach and community engagement.            She thought
members of the public would attend workshops after the Summit.

Council Member Kniss knew the Leadership Group worked hard and provided
valuable input.




03/16/2015                                                           117- 94
