                          TRANSCRIPT
that tonight in Palo Alto. I'm proud to be a part of that. I want the next
generation to see that as well; not just the next generation of kids that can
live in Professorville or Midtown or Barron Park, but also the next generation
of kids living in Buena Vista Trailer Park being a part of that as well. Thank
you for letting me speak. I encourage you to match the funds.

Nancy Krop: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. My name is Nancy
Krop. I am the Director of Legislation for the Sixth District PTA. I am here
again tonight on behalf of all 225 PTAs throughout Santa Clara County that
have passed a resolution in support of preserving the Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park. I'm also here tonight on behalf of the Palo Alto PTA Council
where all 17 schools have also passed a resolution in support of our students
remaining in our community. I am here on a personal note; I am a neighbor
of the mobile home park and thrilled to live in the same neighborhood with
this mobile home park. I'm here asking two things tonight. The first one is
to please match the County $4.5 million. My second ask on behalf of these
organizations is to continue to work with Caritas until this deal is complete to
the satisfaction of all parties.      I'm finishing my term as Director of
Legislation, and I'm thrilled to dedicate tonight to the children of Buena Vista
Mobile Home Park. You have inspired me every year. You are a gift, every
child in these photos is a gift to our community that we should cherish. Our
PTA community absolutely cherishes each and every one of you. I'm
confident that you Council Members cherish these children as well and will
do what's right and keep them in our community.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I'm not
going to repeat the importance of retaining low-income housing at Buena
Vista. You've heard plenty of that tonight already. I want to talk about a
little different subject: money. The County has dedicated $14.5 million to
buying the site. The City's dedicated $8 million so far, so you're $6.5 million
behind. We have $8 million in an impact account which is currently reserved
for new housing. That's by Council policy, and you can change that policy
any time. There's more than enough money in that account to match the
County's funding. That gets you up to $29 million. The Jissers were ready
to accept a $30 million offer on the property from someone who only offered
that on the assumption that the density of housing allowed would be more
than doubled. The City Council hasn't made any statements about what
they intend to do with the zoning on that site, if anything. It's quite clear to
everybody you're not going to increase the density of zoning so that some
developer can throw out the people who live in the trailer park and build
high-cost housing. That's not City policy. Can you put money in for existing
housing? We've done it a number of times before. You've put anywhere
from $0.5 million to $4 or $5 million to buy existing multifamily housing and
retain it for low-income affordable rents. You can do it for Buena Vista. The
                                                                          Page 16 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
