                          TRANSCRIPT
“Adopt a goal of raising the minimum wage to $15.00 by 2018 and to
coordinate and seek to create an aligned minimum wage with surrounding
cities.”

Council Member Burt: With the elimination of the former "c," there's no
guidance to the Policy and Services Committee to do additional evaluation
not only of the 15 goal by 2018, but all these other considerations that we
may be want to take up.

Council Member Scharff: Why don't you just suggest some language? Or
you can put it back.

Council Member Burt: I would put as a "d" that "refer to Policy and
Services Committee additional discussion of considerations of exceptions
and impacts."

Council Member Scharff: I think that's good.

Council Member Burt: And to include "evaluation of a process for these
additional discussions." The process referring to how do we have greater
public outreach. This part doesn't need to be in the motion. We had brief
discussion about whether we might want to have an advisory committee.
We didn't settle on any of that, but it's just consideration of a process going
forward.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, are you good with that?

Council Member Berman: yep.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I am as long as that advisory committee, if we
have it, is not 25 people.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Refer to Policy and
Services Committee additional discussion of considerations of exceptions,
and enforcement, to include evaluation of a process for these additional
discussions.”

Council Member Filseth: I was going to articulate two specific exceptions
on that list that I think we should look at. One is an exception for tipped
wait staff in restaurants, and the other is seasonal employment for
teenagers.


                                                                          Page 38 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
