                          TRANSCRIPT
the commercial side than the housing side. I'm trying to get a statement in
here that it is important.

Council Member Filseth: As I think about it, I worry that we're trying to
define a goal here. As the Planning Director said, goal has a specific
meaning in the context of this document. It might be just that word. What
you just said, I think, is already in here. It says compare to impacts of
business type, consider revenue sources as part of the discussion, City
revenue generation, priority to businesses that provide local needed services
and municipal revenues. It seems to me it's covered already in there. If
you wanted to say "recognizes economic growth especially greater tax
revenues are an important consideration" or something like that, I'd be more
comfortable with that than trying to put—a goal has a specific meaning in
the context of this document. I think it's covered already.

Mayor Holman: We don't have, unless there's an independent second to
that amendment, we don't have ...

Council Member Filseth:    I think I'm going to turn down the amendment
actually.

Mayor Holman: Is there an independent second to that? Seeing none. Vice
Mayor Schmid, did you have anything else?

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to add to the Motion, “replace Policy B-9 in Goal B-3 with “the City
recognizes that economic growth, especially greater tax revenues for the
community are an important goal.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Vice Mayor Schmid: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: The thing I mentioned earlier, I guess now is the
time for me to bring it back more clearly and ask what you guys think of it
as a friendly amendment or if you have suggestions about where it could go.
It's getting to something I think we can agree on. As we're talking about—
let me make a couple of comments and then I'll make the amendment. I'm
a little bit hesitant about the amendment—what are the words—moderating
the pace of jobs growth. I'm sympathetic to it. I'll probably come around in
the next 20 minutes or however long we're discussing this. I think it's
important especially in our element about Business and Economics to not be
too anti-business. Our business community has always been an important
                                                                       Page 76 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
