                         TRANSCRIPT
lot of those external uses. Are we going to be seeing an update of this chart
as part of your plan? The total greenhouse gases and breakdown by
commuting patterns and that kind of thing.

Mr. Friend: Our intention at this point is to include it in the Climate Action
Plan. We don't include it in the reporting, because it's not part of the
reporting protocols that are expected of us as a City. We report on the
things that we have control over. As a community with a commitment to
dealing with the climate crises, it needs to be part of our conversation.

Council Member DuBois: You just answered my next question. When we
talk about 80 percent reduction, it's not from this total greenhouse gas. It
includes things like food supply. It's only on the stuff within the community?

Mr. Friend: The way cities have been doing it, as I understand it, is not to
include that, but to report on the reportable components of Scope 1 and 2,
what we burn and the energy we buy but not the food and air travel. This is
a place where we have the option to decide to do it the way everybody else
has done it or to broaden the scope. It's an open question for us. It's a lot
harder, as you can imagine, to think about how we get at those, because
those are very much behaviorally rooted.

Council Member DuBois: Commuting, is that all one and two whether it's
within the City or in and out?

Mr. Friend: Commuting is one and two, and you see that on the road travel
part of the charges.

Council Member DuBois: No matter where that commuting is, it's included.

Mr. Friend: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Does that include people cutting through town and
going...

Mr. Friend: No. The transportation model looks at people traveling into Palo
Alto, out of Palo Alto and within Palo Alto. It doesn't count people traveling
through.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for clarifying that. In this appendix,
there was an interesting example of using landfill gas to drive the bio-solids
incinerator. It was a great win-win. Do we still have low-hanging fruit,
those kinds of win-wins, or is most of the low hanging fruit picked already?

Mr. Friend: In my experience, if you play your cards right, the tree has a
way of bending over and giving you more of that low-hanging fruit once

04/20/2015                                                             117- 300
