                         TRANSCRIPT
the life of the house. Further, when we renovate Birge Clark houses, for
example, there is no way to simply patch stucco when replacing a window
and get it to look like the old stucco. If we cannot re-stucco the entire wall
and sometimes the entire house, we cannot get it to look the way that it did.
Our objective is to lessen the reasons a homeowner has to tear down their
house. Including windows, doors and siding does not help us convince
them. If the Council is insistent about this, we recommend either putting
this into the Tier 2 set of topics to be studied further or to direct Staff to
incorporate language that directs the homeowner to preserve the character
of the house or gives Staff more discretion to find a solution with the
homeowner that preserves the house.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Doria Summa to be followed by Jeff
Levinsky.

Doria Summa: Good morning, Mayor and City Council. Doria Summa,
College Terrace. I wanted to say that I also really appreciate the amount of
work that went into this for Staff when they're already very busy and their
resources are stretched. Most of it truly is administrative and cleanup, but
there were some substantive issues that I had concerns with. I'll just touch
on a few of them.         One of them is the building envelope issue in
grandfathering. I just found out that they had changed the definition of
building envelope and improved it much. I thought it was fine before, but
the change you just heard, about not defining it by volume, really improves
it. I still have concerns about shifting the building footprint. That has been
dropped in this proposed amendment.              I think when it comes to
nonconforming buildings, it would be useful to keep that so that neighboring
buildings can have a more predictable outcome. I have concerns in general
about a number of places in the amendment that appear to give more power
to the Director through Director's decisions. The reason I'm concerned
about that is because I understand that that's put there to make things
more efficient and move more quickly, but I think it makes decisions behind
closed doors as opposed to in a public hearing. At the present time, there
isn't a very reliable way to inform the public of Director's decisions in
advance in case they should have concerns about them. That touches on
transparency which we're all concerned about. A good example of that is
18.01.025 which is on page 5 of Attachment A. That only not gives the
Director the power to make the decision of interpretation of Code, but it also
makes that standard going forward. We might want to look at that a little
and weigh the efficiency of making more decisions quickly versus the
transparency. I'm also concerned about the ARB findings. The ARB Minutes
don't really make me convinced that the ARB thought the findings changed
were all good. I don't know if you're going to have time to discuss all that
tonight. It would basically be writing from the dais which I know is difficult
                                                                       Page 38 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
