                         TRANSCRIPT

some certainly, updating. It makes sense to have that as the basis. Also,
that the PTC versions, if those are redlined, it shows then what the change
is. If you can catch that. If the PTC versions are redlined, then it's easier
for people to track and follow and see what's changed or not. Those surely
exist from the PTC records. They don't?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. We can talk about this more on
the 31st. The PTC recommended such dramatic changes in organization that
the crosswalk between the two is a little more complicated than just a track
changes version. We can go into that in some detail on the 31st.

Mayor Holman: There needs to be clarification around what the Brown Act
does and doesn't allow. I mean I had somebody contact me who had
applied and decided didn't want to be appointed because of the limitations of
the Brown Act. When it was explained to me what you couldn't do from that
person's perspective because of the Brown Act, it was totally inaccurate.
What my understanding is that the members have been given a very, very
simplistic description of what the Brown Act does or doesn't allow. I think
there maybe needs to be some more information disseminated to the group.
I've heard some comments that—I wasn't able to attend the last meeting
because of other commitments—microphones are necessary for the
speakers, because people can't hear each other. Video recordings of the
meetings would be great. If there are Minutes, because so far there's only
Action Minutes, so what actions are being taken and what conversation got
people there. You've already talked about a minority opinion, which is great.
Having to do with the Brown Act too, Council Member DuBois mentioned
blogging. I think it's fine. I appreciated the benefit to have expertise on the
group. I think what gets to be a little dicey is where somebody with
expertise or no expertise is blogging to a large section of people about
things that the group's going to be working on. It gets to be a little bit of a
concern regarding the Brown Act. One other thing is my understanding is
that people are allowed to comment on the work upcoming of the CAC
anonymously. Is that accurate?

Ms. Gitelman: No, that's not accurate. The CAC considered and adopted
some rules which, as you've indicated, are—I'm sorry I'm inarticulate at this
hour—kind of a broad interpretation of the Brown Act. It was intended to be
a very practical way to ensure that Committee members would stay in
conformance with the Brown Act. Among the rules we suggested for the
CAC that they adopted was this restriction on participating in social media
and blogging around, as you indicate, issues that will be discussed by the
Committee. The Comp Plans are broad. They involve lots of land use,
                                                                       Page 121 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
