                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Good question. A concept area plan is policy language, like
the Comprehensive Plan. A coordinated area plan is similar to a precise plan
or a specific plan that has policy but also regulatory authority. It's quite a
bit more detailed than a concept area plan.

Mayor Holman:     Think SOFA I and SOFA II, those are coordinated area
plans.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I was trying to get to. You're right,
totally separate from these two. I'd like to propose a friendly amendment to
establish a goal—we'll let Staff work on the language, I don't have precise
language right now. I'd even be open to saying "consider adding a goal of
making coordinated area plans a regular planning tool." I'll speak to it if
there's a need to. (crosstalk) needs to hear from the maker and seconder
would accept it as friendly.

Council Member DuBois: Like I said, I'm interested, but I'd like to have a
separate amendment.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll make it a separate motion. If I could have a
second?

Council Member Burt: I will second it.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to add to the Motion, “consider adding a Goal of making
Coordinated Area Plans as a regular Planning tool.”

Mayor Holman:      Council Member Wolbach, do you need to speak any
further?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I spoke about this a little bit earlier
tonight; I've spoken about it in the past and how important I think it is as a
shift for the community. That includes both people out in the community,
for Council, for Planning Staff, for the PTC and for developers or realtors,
anyone who's thinking about how they want to see—anyone who's really
thinking about how we can change particular parts of the City. I think it's a
strong planning tool. We've seen other cities use it more frequently and
more effectively. The reason for establishing it as a goal is there will be
specific places where over the next 15 years we'll identify this is a good area
that's a good prime target for a coordinated area plan. I want us to already
be thinking about that as we're looking at various parts of the City. I want
to make sure that Staff is also and PTC is also well prepared to know how to
handle these when we identify them.

                                                                        Page 81 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
