                          TRANSCRIPT

situation where there was a clock, then we would manage that in
conjunction with the Council Member who's sitting in the Mayor's chair. That
has not been a problem to date. You can tell from the five listed types that
there are not a large number of projects falling into that category, at least in
recent years.

Council Member DuBois: It was the optional ones I was concerned about.
You're saying the optional ones would come to us as well.

Ms. Stump: The optional ones come to you. Again, there have been a few
of those, but just a few in recent months and years.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much to Staff for doing this. I had a
question. In a prescreening that comes to the Council, what is the expected
sort of range of outcomes from the Council? I assume that one of them is to
say, "No, this is too far outside the envelope. It's going to stop here in its
current form." What are the other alternatives?

Ms. Stump: This is an interesting question for Jonathan, Hillary and I. We
are all here with five or fewer years of experience. I've seen a few of these.
These are Study Sessions. They specifically do not allow the Council to take
a majority vote or take action on an application. They are to provide an
initial sense of the Council. As I've seen them play out, Council Members
are able to express views on the project scope, on its purpose, on its mix of
uses, on its density, its relation to the surrounding community, other types
of significant concerns that may arise for Council Members, such as
transportation-related issues. Perhaps some of your colleagues who've had
experience on the Council may wish to add their comments as to how
they've found that process valuable. In my experience watching a few of
them play out, it has been an opportunity for the community to weigh in on
a project, express their concerns, Council Members to do the same, and
project applicants to explain a project's purpose and also to hear from
officials about the sense of the project and to potentially respond then to
early input.

Council Member Filseth: Then if the Council does not vote and take a
specific action on it, what is normally the next step in the process? The
applicant comes back with what? And where does it go?

                                                                          Page 37 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
