                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Thank you, and thanks again for the report.
Overall, when I look at the Citizen Survey, I'm struck that virtually
everything is up. In fact, I was looking for things that were down. They're
almost nonexistent if you go within the margin of error. The biggest things
that were down were interesting. They were volunteer your time to some
group or activity in Palo Alto. That went from 50 to 40. I thought that was
significant. If you look at attended a local public meeting, 28 to 22. Church
attendance is way down; I saw that somewhere. Watched us on online or
television or local public meeting, that was down significantly as well.
Everything else was up or stayed the same. That was probably the most
significant thing to take out of the report, at least for me. Nothing dramatic
happened in a negative between 2013 and 2014, and that everything seems
positive. Then some of the interesting things was the overall quality of new
development in Palo Alto, since this is such a hot button. From 2013 to
2014, went back up to roughly the 2012 level, if you put in the margin of
error. It's interesting because it had fallen dramatically to 44 percent from
56 and then it went back up to 51 percent. I'm not sure the quality of
development changed at all in Palo Alto between 2013 and 2014. It's
interesting that the perception changed so much from 2013 to 2014. We
always have these metrics. Availability of affordable quality housing and
variety of housing options, I don't think that tells us anything. Those are the
wrong questions. They're always low. If you ask me, what's the availability
of affordable, quality housing in Palo Alto, I would say there isn't any, unless
you're at a certain income level and you get into low-income housing and
you meet those income requirements. There's a long waiting list. I'm not
sure that that is that helpful. We know the answer to that. The most
significant thing is that the number of people that think there's quality
affordable housing in Palo Alto is 11 percent. It was 13 percent last year.
I'm amazed anyone thinks that there's availability of quality affordable
housing in Palo Alto. That's up from 6 percent, so it's doubled since 2003.
I'm not sure what people think we're getting at. I'm not sure what do to
with that. The more interesting questions would be things like should we
build more apartments, should we build more condominiums; do you feel
there's enough available single-family homes. That would then get to the
variety of housing options. I don't know what people mean by this. Are
they feeling there's not enough apartments? Is there not enough condos?
Is there not enough smaller, one-bedrooms? Is there not enough two-
bedrooms. I don't think it tell us anything, except that between '08 and '09
39 to 37 percent of the people thought there was available a variety of
housing options. We're now down to 27 percent, which is a big drop. I don't
know what people mean by that. Do you have any sense or not?

Ms. Richardson: I don't have a specific sense about what they means for
those particular questions. As I mentioned earlier, these are standardized
                                                                         Page 18 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
