                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part C, “occupant” after
“control the.”

Council Member Burt: The second has to do with really even the balance in
our biggest employment district which is Stanford Research Park. Stanford
has expressed that they are interested in maintaining a healthy balance in
the Research Park and not allowing it to become overwhelming software
office use and to have real research that's going on there. I would add a
goal to retain the balance of traditional uses in the Stanford Research Park.
I'm open to refinement of that.

Council Member DuBois: Because of a conflict for me, I think we would have
to make that a separate amendment.

Council Member Burt: We'll do that separately.

Council Member DuBois: I'm also not sure that's something we can control
as a City.

Mayor Holman: Does that conclude your comments?

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I look for how we might properly address that
prospective amendment.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Council Members, as we work our way forward
here, you'll recall that we did get some initial advice from the Fair Political
Practices Commission that some very early work that the Council did
defining scenarios and to set up the EIR study process was general enough,
even though it included some focus areas, that all Council Members could
participate. However, there is a limit to that exception. The general conflict
rule does have an exception for Comprehensive Plan amendments, but
there's an exception to the exception where the work starts to focus on an
identifiable parcel or parcels. If Council's work tonight is general and speaks
to Citywide concepts, you'll be able to move forward. If you want to get
more specific as to particular areas—in particular Stanford Research Park
would be one because we have a Council Member who has Stanford as a
source of income. The Downtown is another one where if the Council's
interested in having a very focused discussion about the University
Avenue/Downtown area or the California Avenue second Downtown area, we
should identify that there's that interest and take a break in the discussion
and allow us to do some analysis and work in terms of who can participate.

Council Member Burt: I will have an interest in a separate goal around
affecting Stanford Research Park and perhaps one—the other one is probably
                                                                        Page 70 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
