                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I agree that focus is important. As long as people keep
talking about Byxbee Park and other things, my understanding is the
easement on the ITT Federal Telegraph building is up in the air or will soon
be available. Just wanted to make sure that is mentioned.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I have no cards from the public, nor have I
had. I see no other lights from Council Members. We have concluded this
item. Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: We go now to Oral Communications. I have no cards. Our
time now is at 7:43.

Action Items

2.    Comprehensive Plan Update:       Comprehensive Plan Structure and
      Goals/Vision Statements for Each Element and Related Issues (Part IV:
      Natural Resources, Safety, and Business & Economics).

Mayor Holman: Our next item is an Action Item about the Comprehensive
Plan Update on Comprehensive Plan structure and goals and vision
statements for each element and related issues. This is Part IV, Natural
Resources, Safety and Business & Economics.          We'll be losing Council
Member Scharff at 8:30. 8:20, we'll be losing Council Member Scharff.
We'll be down to five Council Members at that point. We'll need to make
sure that all Council Members stay in the chamber so that we have a
quorum. With that advisory, we'll turn it over to Staff for their presentation.
Council Member Berman, may be joining us again. We're not quite sure.

Jeremy Dennis, Advanced Planning Manager: Thank you, Mayor Holman,
members of the Council. Jeremy Dennis, Advanced Planning Manager.

Mayor Holman: We had one leave.          Why don't we take a three or four
minute break. Thank you.

Council took a break from 7:44 P.M. to 7:50 P.M.

Mayor Holman: I've already introduced the item. This is the Infrastructure
Plan and—excuse me. Pardon me. This is the Comprehensive Plan structure
and goal, vision statements for each element and related issues, Part IV,
Natural Resources, Safety and Business & Economics. Does Staff have a
presentation?

                                                                         Page 32 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
