                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Dennis: Yes, we do. A brief one. Thank you, Mayor Holman, members
of the Council. Jeremy Dennis, Advanced Planning Manager. I'm joined by
Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director.      Very quickly go through the
PowerPoint presentation before you. As the Mayor mentioned, we'd like to
speak to you about three elements tonight in order to do some goal setting
and Vision Statement setting. There is the description of our purpose. As
you know, this is the fourth meeting that we've had with the Council related
to vision and goal setting. We've concluded most of the items up there;
although, we will have an opportunity to come back in January to conclude
some of the discussion around Land Use that we did not complete on
November 2nd. I'm going to actually just jump right in very quickly here
related to what specifically we're hoping to glean from you tonight. In
Natural Resources, we have a couple of bullet items here that we suggest
should be discussed in addition to what's in your Staff Report. The same
goes for Safety. Safety may be a longer conversation given that it's
essentially a new element. We're asking that it be constructed out of
portions of the Natural Environment and portions of Community Services.
Business & Economics as well, we have a few items within the Staff Report
that we're happy to discuss with you. As we've done before, I think it's just
best to turn it over to you to begin a discussion. We think that the Natural
Environment is the best place to start. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: That is a brief presentation.

Mr. Dennis: You're welcome.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, since you're going to be leaving us,
do you want to give any comments? You won't be here for a vote, but if you
want to give us any fodder for us to chew on.

Council Member Scharff: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: You just did.

Council Member Scharff: No.

Mayor Holman: All right. Council Members, questions, comments? I'm
sorry. There is one member of the public. I apologize. Shani Kleinhaus,
you'll have 37 minutes being you're the only member of the public to speak
tonight.

Shani Kleinhaus: That's good. I could use 6 because I missed the public
comment. On this element, I looked at the current goals and the proposed
PTC goals. I think the reorganization that the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) proposes is good. I would support that. However,
                                                                       Page 33 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
