                          TRANSCRIPT
give us some predictability about how much more office space would be
going up in that area. I don't know where that fits in the next two because
the timing is different. That's a consideration.

Mayor Holman: I have some comments to make as well, maybe a couple of
questions. I have some procedural issues with this and Staff Report issues
with this. Even in the title, it references having to make a Statement of
Overriding Considerations, but it doesn't even say for what. The building
that's currently there has been determined by Staff and a consultant with a
listing of—I didn't count them—quite a number of characteristics as being
eligible for the California Register. It's not been altered since construction,
which is pretty darn rare for a building that's over 50 years old. Just want to
get that out there. The State Historic Building Code can be utilized. I didn't
find it referenced. I asked the question of Staff, who said it was considered.
I recognize that it's a soft-story building. I recognize that. It makes the
point a couple or three times about removing hazardous materials. If you
don't disturb asbestos or lead-based paint, there's not an issue. We're
giving credit for something that's not an issue unless you disturb it. I'm
having trouble with the language and some of the, it almost seems to be
advocacy that's in the Staff Report, or taking situations and making them
different than what they are. I'll give you a chance in just a second,
Jonathan.      I'm having trouble with how some of these things were
addressed. It seems to imply that this building would fully park an under-
parked situation now. I didn't find—maybe it was buried in some of the ARB
language—how many parking places the current building has. Is the current
building under-parked? That's another question I want to come to, Jonathan
or Russ, one of you guys. The DEE, I absolutely agree with everything that's
been said. Also saying that a replacement building would be more energy
efficient disregards the fact that using an existing building—I'm not
necessarily lobbying for keeping the existing building. I want us to be
factual—is a green, LEED recognized, points rated aspect. It's not given any
consideration here whatsoever. I agree a fair amount with the comments of
a prior speaker about the Statement of Overriding Considerations. I object
to using a draft plan as part of a Statement of Overriding Considerations.
It's not an adopted plan; it's a draft plan. Increasing the size of an office
building that generates increased rental income, how is that an overriding
consideration? Doubling the useable square footage of a transit-accessible
site by increasing the building height to three stories and providing parking
at grade and underground, there's a lot of language here that needs to be
improved. The last one was increasing onsite parking to reduce offsite
parking demands associated with the office use of this site. I don't know
what it is currently. I didn't find it anywhere. I also had issue with—I'm
sorry to do this, but we need to be factual—8-K which has the list of the
Comprehensive Plan table. There's not one single reference to the multiple
                                                                        Page 84 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
