                          TRANSCRIPT
interim year and come back, but there's some big issues out there of what
has taken place over the last 28 years in the City, what are native species
not in the Foothills or for all parts of the City that would be effective habitats
for insects, birds, attract them. Three, how do we get that information out
to the residents who in their back yards and side yards are growing trees or
not growing trees? How do we translate that into the street trees, the public
street trees, that become the model for what householders do in their
properties? How do we get information out to the commercial vendors, so
when you walk into a nursery you have the choices effectively laid out for
you on native habitat, on drought resistant, on options and choices of fast
growing versus long lived? There's so many things that you look for from
this report, from how did we get here to where are we going. It would be
good to have a version two to take a look at some of those problems.

Council Member DuBois: People have said it, but I'll say it as well. Thank
you for all your hard work. It was an impressive document. It's getting
very late, so I'll try to keep this very short. When I started to read it, I was
expecting to see a lot more concrete actions. I guess implementation plans
is the next step. Is that right?

Mr. Passmore: There is a goals, policies and programs chapter and an
implementation plan chapter. They're not prescriptive of every action that
we're going to take. They're guidelines that direct action.

Council Member DuBois: I was expecting to see a goal for the number of
new trees planted. Do you end up with that kind of plan?

Mr. Passmore: We do have that. It's not explicitly stated in the Master Plan.
Our current tree planting is around 200 trees a year. To reach the 98
percent stocking level in ten years, we're going to have to increase to 400
trees a year.

Council Member DuBois: That's the kind of information I was looking for.
Council Member Schmid talked about the north/south. I'd be interested to
hear at a future date your plans for addressing that. A couple of things I
don't think people have touched on yet. In terms of trees versus solar,
there was some discussion of that. A lot of our Ordinances currently say
trees trump solar. I support that. We shouldn't be chopping down trees to
put in solar. That's the way a lot of our Ordinances are currently written,
that you don't do that. Right?

Mr. Passmore: The California Solar Shade Act sets the bar for what gets the
solar rights. It was amended in 2009 to exempt trees from the solar access.
In other words, whichever is there first has the solar rights. In the case of
street trees, that's a historic tree planting site. Even if the site is vacant at
                                                                            Page 84 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
