                         TRANSCRIPT
development options on the parking garage site. We just wanted to see
what we could yield out of it, preserve the 460 spaces, knowing that the
more commercial space we add to the site, we start carving into the parking
garage or making it go higher or deeper. This would be clearly one of the
exercises that you would want to explore during the next phase.

Council Member Scharff: When you talk about evaluation of costs and other
impacts to potentially provide additional parking spaces, what does that look
like in terms of evaluating it and figuring out how to get more parking
spaces? Are we looking at an extra level up and an extra level Downtown
basically?

Mr. Ross: Either/or or both, yes.

Council Member Scharff: With that, I'm willing to make the motion so we
can move along. I would direct Staff to proceed, which is Number 2, with
design and environmental review of a three-story Public Safety Building
meeting zoning requirements on Lot C-6 and to proceed with design and
environmental review of a new public parking garage on Lot C-7 which would
be Option C and include evaluation of costs and other impacts to potentially
provide additional parking beyond the 460 spaces.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it with a caveat.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to direct Staff to proceed with design and environmental review of a
3-story Public Safety Building meeting zoning requirements on Lot C-6, and
to proceed with design and environmental review of a new public parking
garage using Option C (as described in the Staff Report) on Lot C-7 that will
provide approximately 460 public parking spaces (160 net new spaces),
including evaluation of costs and other impacts to potentially provide
additional parking beyond the 460 spaces.

Mayor Holman:     Do you care to speak to your motion, Council Member
Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: Sure, I'm happy to speak to the motion. I think
it's important that we do the three-story building frankly.         I've been
watching over at our Chief and Ken Dueker over there. I could see real
concern, frankly. I'd be happy to have you guys speak to it, if you want.
I've seen real concern if we do the two-story option. I think we also have to
look at and say to ourselves that this is a zoning-compliant project. It would
not be zoning compliant to do the two-story, which would go against a lot of
things that have been said from this dais recently. I also think we need to
look and say—I appreciate Council Member Filseth looking up the big project
                                                                       Page 99 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
