                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Ross: Two below, three above. It has one less upper level. That's what
it is for Option C.

Council Member Scharff: How do you get 460 spaces as opposed to 463,
which I think was the maximum on one of them?

Mr. Eggleston: It has to do with the lot coverage. I believe it has to do with
the lot coverage, Council Member Scharff. In Option B, we're essentially
trying to maintain larger setbacks from the sidewalks and the garage.
Options A and C essentially maximize the lot coverage other than the retail
space.

Council Member Scharff: We have the retail space, but it's a slightly bigger
building. I'm leaning towards Option C. I think having retail there is a great
addition and really dresses up the parking garage. As someone said, it's
much better in terms of community design standards and that kind of stuff.
I guess that's where I'd be.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Sorry to go back to what Council Member Berman
was saying before, but we don't need to pick between Garages A, B or C
today, right? A three-story Public Safety Building, go forth on the parking
garage stuff. Sounds great. Actually just one thing. It's not probably
integral to the design of the garage, but something to worry about later, the
width of the parking stalls. I just noted as I was parking on Cal. Ave.
yesterday in the new, redesigned Cal. Ave. streetscape that the stalls on the
street, the diagonal stalls, are actually really, really narrow. It's very hard
not to bump into the car next to you. I was lucky I didn't do that.

Mr. Keene: You have to get a smaller car. That's part of the move.

Council Member Wolbach: That's why I usually ride my motorcycle. That
day I wasn't on my motorcycle; I was in a car. I remembered why I enjoy
parking a motorcycle better. For those who don't risk life and limb just to
worry about parking and traffic, that's something to let us have some
decisions on later.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I share the enthusiasm of my colleagues. We've spent
a lot of time over the years looking at Public Safety Building options. It's
nice to be able to do what we want on a site that seems to have general
consensus. I have three short questions. Let me put the questions out
there, and you can respond in any way you feel good. The parking structure
                                                                       Page 94 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
