                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Wolbach:      I'm also very open to friendly amendments to
this.

Council Member Filseth: I'm not going to support it. I think the original
motion only makes sense as a Plan B or C anyway, with Plan A being we're
going to go figure out how to try to get a better process than the one they're
going through now. This seems like too much engineering on this. I could
live with Priority 1 being Caltrain grade separation. The others sort of seem
like we're sort of getting into "laundry list" territory. I've even got a couple
of questions about some of these (inaudible). I mean this is not to argue
against bicycle improvements, but I don't see why the County should be the
guys—go to the County and ask should we put a bike lane on Cowper Street
first or on South Court. It doesn't make sense, so I'm not going to support
it.

Council Member Burt: I support this set of priorities. I want to comment on
a context for how we should prioritize. I think a big portion of it is the bang
for the buck. What measures will have the greatest impact at reducing
congestion and car trips and, for that matter, locally reducing parking
problems and demands for the dollars expended. I think that the Caltrain
issue is a tremendously important long-term necessity for our community.
The bike and pedestrian improvements and the last mile service and, for
that matter, the lower cost of TMAs and other TDM measures are probably
going to have greater impact in aggregate than—certainly from a trip
reduction standpoint—than improving Caltrain. Now the grade separations
have other community benefits besides the trip reduction. We have to weigh
that. I would prefer to omit the section of "in descending order of priority."
I will offer that as an amendment to the makers and request that support.

Council Member Wolbach: Would you be open to removing that, but in some
way otherwise identifying the Caltrain issue as still our Number 1 and the
others all equal a second tier? Again, I am worried that this was mentioned
by colleagues.

Council Member Burt: I will say that I don't think there's any ambiguity of
my adamant and long-term support for addressing this Caltrain issue. I
don't think it should be a greater priority than the other three. It's an equal
priority.    Now, if they're equal priorities and Caltrain consumes the
overwhelming share of the dollars, in one sense that has made it the highest
dollar priority. I don't think it should be both the highest dollar priority and
called the greatest importance when these other measures would have
tremendous impacts themselves. We have currently on commute a 10
                                                                         Page 96 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
