                         TRANSCRIPT
Carla Carvalho: Thank you for the privilege of the podium. I'm Carla from
1924 Edgewood Drive. I also echo Ruth's sentiments, that we need a
grocery store at Edgewood Plaza. We advocate for Council Members to take
swift action as an impetus for the developer to find a replacement for Fresh
Market. We as neighbors are not interested in becoming embroiled in the
complexities and mumbo-jumbo built into the agreement between Sand Hill,
the Fresh Market, etc.       We are simply interested in having Sand Hill
Developers provide a grocery store and only a grocery store to the
neighborhood as was promised with this Planned Community.              We as
neighbors are not privy or interested in the details regarding the leasing
situation, but we know it is not as simple as no grocer is interested. We also
know that Fresh Market was successful by admission of its management, so
it is not appropriate to assume that another grocery store would not be
similarly successful. Our neighborhood needs a grocery store. What we do
not need is lip service, which is what we feel that $500 a day penalty would
provide. $500 a day is $182,500 per year or 5.7 percent of the sales price
of just one of those single-family homes at Edgewood Plaza. Lip service.
Fines need to be increased immediately to be in parity with other projects.
We ask the Council to not only implement these fines, but to also collect
them similarly to how fines are collected when my parking meter expires five
minutes before I finish my errands or when my dog's license lapses. Please
abandon your perceptions of the old, dilapidated market which serviced only
a few. Today's Edgewood Plaza is busy and thriving with few echoes of the
Plaza of yesteryear.      The space occupied by Fresh Market offers an
important resource to our community, sustenance and camaraderie. We as
neighbors hope to see it filled again soon. Thank you.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members and Staff.
I'm one of the many Edgewood Plaza neighbors here tonight to remind you
that we're not getting a key public benefit we were promised, namely an
operating grocery store. The $30 million or more of new homes at the
Center are selling or sold, so the developer has profited nicely. The grocery
store, which is over half of the shopping center space, is vacant. This is yet
one more chapter in the familiar Palo Alto story of developers win while
residents lose. Staff has taken two positions, both favoring the developer.
First, instead of charging a penalty immediately, Staff opted to use the
College Terrace Center agreement as a precedent, letting the developer
avoid any penalty for six months. Second, Staff opted not to seek a
substantial penalty immediately like that of College Terrace Center. The
difference is staggering. College Terrace Center has to pay $2,000 a day
when its grocery store isn't operating. The equivalent penalty then for
Edgewood Plaza's store, which is 2 1/2 times larger, would be $5,000 a day.
Staff could have asked you to put that in the Municipal Penalty Schedule
months ago. Instead, they plan to charge Edgewood Plaza a far lower
                                                                          Page 7 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
