                         TRANSCRIPT
requirement to have the service don't apply to you. That's very rare, but it's
important to say. That's what we were trying to do with this paragraph.
Unfortunately, we goofed it up. There's a number of words in here which
are crossed out, which shouldn't have been crossed out. I'm just going to
give you one example of that so that you can understand the problem. The
very first sentence says "Self-haul exclusion. In addition to the authority
granted by Paragraph A of this section, nothing in this ... ." Of course it
should say "chapter" of crossed out words, "shall prevent" and it goes on.
There's a series of words in here that should not have been crossed out that
were. We apologize for that. We think these errors don't go to the meat of
the provisions. Therefore, we'll be changing them when we bring it to your
second reading. That's our proposed fix, is to bring you the update with the
second reading. Again, we don't think—any of these are minor, essentially
typos. That's how we propose to correct them. With that, I'm going to turn
it back over to Ron to complete the rest of our short presentation.

Mr. Arp: This is an important slide, I think. This shows key benefits for this
program. We would, of course, increase the waste diversion percentage and
help to meet our zero waste goals. We would reduce greenhouse gas
emissions. We would produce renewable energy—I'll explain that in a
minute on another slide—produce compost. It saves landfill space. If this
ordinance comes in place and the food scraps go in the green container, it'll
save landfill space. Finally, here's a benefit to commercial customers. They
may save money. The compost service is priced at about a 10 percent
discount compared to garbage service. If they're able to sort properly, move
things over, and downsize their garbage cart, there's an opportunity for
customers to save a small amount of money. This next couple of slides, it's
important. I just want to touch on it briefly. This is important from a
greenhouse gas emissions perspective. You see on the left side of this slide
food that is currently going into the garbage, the black cart, you can see. It
eventually is going to make its way to the Kirby Canyon landfill in south San
Jose. It will get buried and, through the decomposition process, will create
methane. Some of that will escape. Basically, that's the current scenario.
The new scenario that we're proposing is the food would all eventually be
captured into the green cart, go to the Zero Waste Energy Development
facility on your lower side there, be digested in these concrete bunkers, and
then the methane would be collected and burned in engines to create
renewable energy. Then, of course, it'd be a compost byproduct. That's
kind of the difference between putting your banana peel in the garbage
versus in the green cart. There's some good benefits there. Outreach, you
can see on this slide we have been spending the last couple of months
talking to businesses and community groups, getting their feedback. We've
had surveys. The main concerns are unauthorized use of bins and possible
smells and vectors, rats and bugs, a concern that they may be an issue.
                                                                       Page 18 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
