                          TRANSCRIPT
this is an appropriate thing to do. That said, I think the refurbishment of the
existing building versus construction of a new building, I think that
delineation is a little bit artificial. It seems like one project to me. If we
approve setting aside money for this, to what extent are we approving this
particular implementation of that project? I think Ms. Hendrickson touched
on this earlier. I think this particular project is a mixed bag. To what extent
are we committing to this versus we haven't seen what the final is going to
look like?

Mr. Keene: When we're saying this particular project, you're talking about
the project as it relates to the plans that they had?

Council Member Filseth: That one.

Mr. Keene:     Molly, you can jump in.       I don't think that there's any
commitment that you're committing to that particular project. I think
they've already identified issues related to it as far as parking, how the
design works, lots of other issues. I think that it's clear that that's a
conversation that's got to unfold with the Council. I think we put in the Staff
Report the various Boards and Commissions. There's always the possibility
that you could get to a point in the future where the project as proposed is
not able to be approved. It's in the Council's purview ultimately.

Ms. Stump:      I agree.   It's working its way through the preliminary
processes. When it comes before you, you'll have full discretion to act on it.
If you want to make that clear and explicit in any motion tonight, that would
be fine to do that.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. Thank you guys all for coming tonight
and for the work that you've put into this to date and, I'm sure, the work
that's still left to be done regardless of what happens tonight. I ran for City
Council because I was worried that Palo Alto was living off of infrastructure
investments that were made 40 or 50 years ago or more and that hadn't
prepared a community for me to live in for the next 20 or 30 or 40 years.
Here we have an instance where we have an infrastructure asset, a City-
owned asset, that was built 90 years ago and hasn't had the necessary
improvements that it's needed over the past 90 years. We are an aging
community.          That's been said numerous times tonight, and the
demographics back it up. We need to do everything we can to make sure
that we have the resources that we need to provide the services that our
residents want and need as they get older and age in place. We're not a
                                                                       Page 80 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
