                             MINUTES
Ms. Lee clarified that in the Caltrain Corridor HSR would not exceed 110
miles per hour.

Council Member Burt asked if Caltrain trains would travel at 79 miles per
hour.

Ms. Lee explained that trains would travel 79 miles per hour until they
reached the Corridor and then would function within the bracket of 110 miles
per hour for both systems.

Council Member Burt asked if Caltrain modeled the difference between 110
mile an hour trains and 79 mile an hour trains in noise analysis.

Mr. Walters reported the cumulative analysis did include that model.

Council Member Burt believed that if HSR did not reach the Peninsula, then
presumably Caltrain would expand the number of trains to meet demand.
Demand would continue to grow. If HSR did reach the Peninsula, then there
would be a demand crisis. Lengthening trains would be important and would
buy a good number of years but not decades. If HSR did not occur, he
assumed Caltrain would increase the number of trains. He inquired whether
increasing the number of Caltrain trains to eight or ten would trigger a new
or revised EIR.

Mr. Walters advised that CEQA contained an exemption for increasing train
service. The National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) contained categorical
exclusions for improvements entirely within a disturbed right-of-way.

Council Member Burt asked if the report contained the CEQA exemption.

Mr. Walters responded no. Caltrain had to make physical improvements in
order to provide its current service, and CEQA did not cover that.

Council Member Burt felt the public and most public agencies were not
aware that increasing trains would be exempt from CEQA analysis. He did
not believe that had been disclosed.

Mr. Walters stated it was not applicable to the project. All train agencies in
the State of California employed that categorical exemption.

Council Member Burt understood that an increase of up to ten trains per
hour would not result in mitigations.

Ms. Lee advised that tests demonstrated current facilities could
accommodate up to eight trains. Caltrain would have to build additional
tracks to increase the number of trains to ten.

01/12/2015                                                             116- 305
