                             MINUTES
If Caltrain wished to partner with the City, a good first step would be to
choose one of the locations supported by the City and its residents.

Ms. Lee noted the City made clear its preference for a paralleling station.
Staff added a recommended option to the environmental document. All
locations remained in the environmental document because they were all
feasible locations. A second layer of due diligence was needed to ensure the
preferred location was feasible. If there were no fatal flaws in the second
level of due diligence, Caltrain staff would return with a recommendation of
the preferred location. Caltrain needed time to complete the second layer of
due diligence.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the amount of time needed.

Ms. Lee hoped to have the information in the next two to three weeks. The
location would need to be identified in a Request for Proposal (RFP), and
Caltrain would need to select locations for traction power facilities.

Council Member Scharff asked when Caltrain staff anticipated breaking
ground.

Ms. Lee reported construction would begin in approximately 2016 with
revenue service projected in 2020-2021. Construction timeframes would not
be secure until Caltrain executed contracts with builders.       Caltrain
anticipated having a contract by the fall of 2015.

Council Member Scharff asked if Caltrain's statement that it would contribute
fair share to noise mitigation meant it would contribute funds to a quiet
zone, which the City was considering.

Mr. Walters explained that the EIR identified locations where Caltrain would
contribute to noise mitigations. Caltrain would be obligated to contribute to
mitigations at locations identified as cumulative impacts.

Council Member Scharff indicated traffic mitigations other than grade
separations or trenching would not be helpful at the Alma Street crossing.
He inquired whether the City wanted some other mitigations.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer, advised that other than
significant grade separation, not much was possible. The City could partner
with Caltrain to determine if other solutions were feasible.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted late night noise from diesel trains would continue
through 2040 and inquired whether Caltrain had a long-term solution.



01/12/2015                                                            116- 302
