                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Kniss: (crosstalk) make up of it.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, this was the ad hoc group. It's a bunch of, I
think, different transportation interest groups across the entire county. It
seemed to be a pretty diverse group. Again, they were working through
details, and so they worked through evaluation criteria tied to the goals.
Again, I think VTA Staff is expecting so many projects they need to score
them. I'm trying to keep quick here. I also think we should keep in mind
that making San Jose attractive to business is not necessarily a bad thing for
Palo Alto, so finishing BART seemed reasonable. I think we should try to
focus on reducing local congestion at the same time. For me, my Number 1
priority is trenching Caltrain. I'd like to see that be a very strong priority. I
know it's a big project with a long timeline, but I think it has the opportunity
to improve Palo Alto in a way that no other option really offers. I think we
need to really recognize that and really sell both visions. If we do nothing,
we're going to see more frequent trains. We're going to possibly see High
Speed Rail on the Peninsula. We're going to see 30-40 foot poles for
electrification. It's kind of one scenario. The other scenario is we create this
regional Silicon Valley trench, really improve the quality of life for a number
of cities along the Peninsula, eliminate train safety issues, eliminate train
noise. I think possibly selling air rights for development over the trench. I
think this is the time to get started really asking for a large amount of
money from the sales tax to be for the trench. Again, Eric had the San
Mateo plan. I think it's a very simple plan. I like how they allocated
percentages to different transportation modes. To me, it was balanced. I
don't think a lot of these are either/or questions. I think we need to be
balanced and put some money against every mode of transportation
including freeways and expressways, personally. I think ours is a little bit of
a hodgepodge. It's clear we've spent a lot of time on bike planning. I'm not
anti-bike, but I think we just threw that in the list. If you total up the
dollars, it seems a little out of balance. On our list, I think we have 7 1/2
percent of the money going to bikes. If we look at data and users, is that a
reasonable percentage? I'm not sure, but it feels heavy. Relative to the
number of users, it feels like too much. Again, we just can't ignore
congestion. Our freeways handle many more people than Caltrain will even
with these capacity improvements. I appreciated the elephant in the room
tonight, and I do not want to see BRT added to our list. For me, trench is
Number 1 and I think we need a summarized plan and we need to use hard
data. I'll stop there and we can make another round of comments later.

Council Member Berman: I want to follow up on comments made by both
Council Members Burt and DuBois. I guess the problem that I have with this
                                                                         Page 86 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
