                          TRANSCRIPT
can actually access up to 20 million over a four-year period. If we elected to
submit a nomination form this year, we would need to resubmit every two
years until we were ready to construct a project—until we reached the top of
the list and we were ready to construct a project. The next pot of funding
that we wanted to give you an overview of this evening is Section 130. This
is a program that is focused on the reduction of hazards at existing at-grade
crossings. It's also administered by the CPUC, but Caltrans plays a role in
this as well; they help to scope the project, distribute the funds, and actually
administer the projects during construction. In September, our Churchill
Avenue crossing was identified as a potential candidate for Section 130
funds. Subsequently we actually met with Caltrans Staff onsite as well as
CPUC Staff and looked at some of the issues that are occurring out there.
We submitted some video that we had captured of the dismissal at the high
school in the afternoon. Some of the major concerns that were identified by
the CPUC, much higher than normal bicycle and pedestrian traffic, some of
the highest numbers along the entire Caltrain corridor for bicycle and
pedestrian traffic. There's regular queuing that's occurring on the tracks
themselves of motorists that are traveling eastbound being stopped at the
traffic signal at Alma Street with nowhere to queue, and they end up
between the gates when the gates come down as a train passes. We're
currently developing a scope of work in cooperation with Caltrain that needs
to be submitted to CPUC. We've put together some draft recommendations
that would deal with both the large number of bicyclists and pedestrians as
well as the motorists queuing on the tracks themselves. Some of the things
we're looking at are a pre-signal that would actually stop motor vehicles
before they get to the track bed, and it would be coordinated with the signal
at Alma. We're looking at widening the bicycle and pedestrian crossing on
the north side of Churchill that would provide additional queuing space. A
lot of the students end up queuing in the track area while they wait for the
signal at Alma, so we're hoping to create more of a queuing area for them.
Some other improvements related to signal timing and signal phasing at the
Alma Street signal. We've scheduled a neighborhood meeting October 22nd
to get some community involvement and some neighborhood feedback on
some of the preliminary concepts. This project ties in very closely with the
Churchill Avenue Phase I project for which we have an adopted concept plan,
and we're continuing to advance final design. We'd like to tie the two of
them together if possible and create a seamless bicycle and pedestrian,
motor vehicle connection along the Churchill Avenue corridor.

Mr. Shikada: Then too perhaps focus on the local angle, both countywide as
well as locally here in Palo Alto. As City Manager pointed out last month, the
Council discussed the concept of the 1/2-cent countywide sales tax that's
being discussed by the Silicon Valley Leadership Group and VTA and others
and noted at that point that there's an estimate of $6 billion countywide that
                                                                           Page 7 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
