                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm not clear on what this Study Session would
be covering and whether Staff can meet that deadline and how information
and decisions coming out of a Study Session, where we can't actually give
direction, would inform the Ordinance itself that would be crafted 45 days
plus preparation time following that. I'm just not clear on the (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: (inaudible) First, I think you're right that we
shouldn't call it a Study Session. It would be an Action Item that would
direct the Ordinance. What it would inform would be whatever portion of
"F1-4" Staff is able to provide us at that time. That would be what we would
use to further modify the Ordinance.

Council Member Wolbach: Can I just ...

Council Member Kniss:     Would Staff nod if you can do that as an Action
Item?

Ms. Gitelman: Just to clarify, it's always been our intention to come back
with an Action Item in early February to provide as much of this information
as we possibly can at this time.

Council Member Kniss: Then this works. I think we should just move on
with it.

Council Member Wolbach: In that case, I'll accept it. That's fine.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “schedule an Action Item in January/February.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: Can we have a vote on the amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: I just accepted it.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It is accepted. Let me note that we're getting close to
10:30 which is a time the Council stops and says, "Are we going to meet our
Agenda?" We have two other items on the Agenda. Let's see if we can
move through this. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:       If I could resume, I wanted to propose an
amendment to "B" and to "F" and to propose a new "H," I guess. If you
could scroll up to "B." What I was proposing for "B" is what Council Member
Burt started to say, which was to kind of reword "B" to say that ...

Council Member Kniss: Which one are you on? (inaudible)

                                                                      Page 73 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
