                          TRANSCRIPT
probably going to be using water in a number of ways. We'd like to come
back to you and have that discussion. I'm just going to recap what those
other ways are, and then we would ask to be able to come back to you for a
broader sort of discussion on water resources and ways that recycled water
can participate in that. One way that we can use the water is through a
pipeline system. That is the subject of this EIR on primarily irrigation, but
also some internal uses in buildings. Another that is very seriously being
considered in San Jose now, and certainly Southern California is already
doing it is indirect potable reuse, where you recharge the groundwater and
then you pump from the groundwater and use it possibly in some other
location. You're actually using the groundwater as a conveyance system.
Putting it in one location, possibly taking it out in a different location. That's
another potential. A third potential is direct potable, where we actually put
it into the water supply system. In that case, one could argue we only need
one type of water to be delivered, because now we're raising all the water to
the drinking water standard, and we're putting it in the pipeline system and
using our existing water supply pipeline system to be the distribution
system, eliminating the need for a second water distribution system. Then
you've got various types of on-site use starting with gray water, where an
individual facility uses their own gray water with no treatment but uses it for
appropriate use which is probably just irrigation. Then you've got on-site
use where you treat it. You've all heard talk about what Stanford is up to.
Honestly, a lot of it is just planning on their part and talk. It gets confused
with what they're actually doing at Stanford sometimes. We'd like to come
back to you and explain that a little more fully because there are three
things that we're working with Stanford on, and they're different. There's
actual recycled water use at Stanford. There's research work being done at
Stanford, and then there's discussion of much broader distributed water
treatment where you'd have individual buildings have their own water
treatment and re-use systems. The way I count it, that's seven different
ways of dealing with the need for water. To sort of pile onto that, we also
have a committee that Karin participates on and our Utilities Department
participates on with the folks to the north and east in East Palo Alto, where
they're seriously considering and in fact moving ahead on more aggressive
use of groundwater. In Palo Alto, many people are starting to ask us why
aren't we using that upper, near surface aquifer that we seem to be wasting.
With all this basement building construction, why is all that just going to the
storm drain. We're starting to analyze that. We've asked the Water District
to analyze what would it take to reuse—to use some of that upper aquifer
water. We've hired a consultant who's done a new drawing. The depth of
groundwater varies between 10 and 30 feet in Palo Alto. We're trying to get
a better handle on that. That's really an eighth possible way of having
what's really non-potable water be used for some purpose in Palo Alto. We'd
like to come back to you with a broader discussion of that. We've listed
                                                                         Page 108 of 130
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/28/15
