                             MINUTES
to accommodate access to upper floors or below-grade parking. Staff
suggested grandfathered uses that were legal and nonconforming not be
subject to protection provisions in the ordinance. Staff suggested the use of
basic definitions of retail services and other protected uses contained in the
Municipal Code. Staff suggested the ordinance be effective for an initial
period of 45 days with an option to extend the ordinance after that period.
The ordinance would not affect the ability to change from one desired use to
another.      Staff suggested the ordinance not alter the site-specific
characteristics of Planned Community Zoning Districts or adopted conditions
of approval. Staff requested Council feedback regarding whether to continue
all uses in districts which permitted other ground-floor uses with Conditional
Use Permits.        Staff suggested the ordinance apply to discretionary
applications received after March 2, 2015. Currently three applications
would have to be analyzed for applicability of the ordinance as adopted. In
addition to adopting an urgency ordinance, Staff suggested adoption of a
traditional ordinance which would sunset when permanent controls became
effective. Staff requested Council direction to proceed immediately with
consideration of permanent zoning changes. Following discussion of interim
measures, Staff hoped to prepare and present an urgency ordinance and a
traditional ordinance reflecting Council direction. In addition, Staff would
present permanent zoning changes affecting ground-floor retail in the
California Avenue area and complete an analysis of retail trends in
Downtown.

Council Member Scharff noted two issues for Council discussion:            the
urgency ordinance and next steps.

Ms. Gitelman provided suggested Motions for an urgency ordinance and for
next steps.

Council Member Scharff recommended the Council discuss and act on an
urgency ordinance prior to discussing next steps.

Mayor Holman indicated Council Members should inquire regarding an
urgency ordinance.

Council Member Kniss had general questions, and asked if the Council should
address the urgency ordinance.

Council Member Scharff felt the Council should address and act on the
urgency ordinance separately from next steps.

Mayor Holman requested Council Member Kniss proceed with her questions.



04/06/2015                                                             117- 175
