                         TRANSCRIPT
ground and ruptured a very high concentration, 39-inch diameter gas line.
That killed the operator instantly. There was a home near there; the family
ran out. The parents were injured. The baby was saved. Someone either
didn't call to find out where it was or they called and it was mismarked. We
don't know that yet. That goes on every—we had someone in March of this
year—in April, I'm sorry—in Fresno, the same accident where they dug in
and killed someone. It goes all around the state because there's no set right
now requirement or process of how you adjudicate that violation. At the end
of the line, we've worked hard all year, had legislation and the Governor
vetoed it. We're going to work with him to see if there's a way that we
can—I think there is. He wants the jurisdictional authority to be with the
Public Utilities Commission. No one has confidence in the Public Utilities
Commission. That has been the problem with the contractors and the
utilities and the telecoms in their dealings. They don't want to have to deal
with the PUC. We had it tied to a new board within the contractors' license
board that everyone agreed to.         We'll have to work to continue that
conversation. This is something that needs to be resolved, because people
are dying because of that. That will be continued. Thank you for that
opportunity.

Mayor Holman: You're very welcome. Thank you for all the effort that you
make on our behalf. I think the antibiotics one and cattle is just a huge one
that affects all of our health every day. I really appreciate that and all your
other efforts. Director Fong, we've had the privilege of having Val working
here in the City of Palo Alto for a number of years now. I apologize; I don't
know how many years. We are sadly losing Val to retirement—nine years—
in just a little bit. Val had some comments; Director Fong had some
comments to make, Senator Hill.

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director: Thank you very much, Mayor Holman. I just
channel City Manager Keene next to me, and I echo Council Member
Scharff's thanks to you for all of your efforts over the past legislative
session, in particular your support of our commitment to a carbon neutral
portfolio. You know well it could have had some unintended cost impacts,
because the State imposed a 50 percent renewable portfolio standard when
we are already 50 percent large hydro in a wet year. Resulted in language
in Senate Bill 350 that, one, encourages continued early action on the part
of the City and, two, provides protection from runaway costs where the City
is taking all the right steps to ensure a carbon neutral portfolio that is 50
percent or more eligible renewable. We look forward to working with you
again next year on some cleanup language in Senate Bill 350 around
integrated resource plan requirements that have some erroneous references
and further efforts to give full RPS credit to distributed generation. We want
to assure you that we'll continue to take the lead on environmental solutions
                                                                            Page 19 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
