                              MINUTES
Mr. Beccaria did not entertain sewer hookups or anything like that, but did
include amenities. Buena Vista did not have a pool or clubhouse or wide
streets. Those types of issues were factored into appraisals. They were
inherent in not making a location adjustment.

Council Member DuBois asked who was responsible for ensuring additions
were permitted in a park.

Mr. Beccaria believed that fell under the jurisdiction of the HCD.

Council Member DuBois asked if the park owner had a responsibility to
ensure additions were permitted.

Mr. Beccaria did not know.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether safety was specifically discussed as
an aspect of comparable community.

Ms. Aziz advised that a comparable community was a community similar to
the community in which the park was located with similar amenities. The list
of amenities could include other aspects. The Ordinance contemplated a
safe community, because it contemplated a community similar to Palo Alto.
Safety should be a factor.

Council Member Filseth did not completely understand how location factored
into the appraisal result. Mr. Beccaria stated the condition of the park, pad
sizes, and infrastructure offset the location. He requested Mr. Beccaria
explain the offset again. He requested details regarding the appraised value
of one unit being lower than the price paid for it, according to the
homeowner's testimony the prior evening. He understood the in-place value
assumed the park would continue operating in perpetuity. However, the
park owner had clearly stated for many years his intent for the disposition of
the park. The knowledge that the park would close in a few years would
seem to depress the value of units in the park. He asked if that was true
and encompassed in the appraisal.

Mr. Beccaria noted Palo Alto schools were terrific. Families wanted to live in
Palo Alto. Families were willing to accept park deficiencies in order to live in
Palo Alto. He reached that conclusion by correlating the values of homes in
Buena Vista over time to activities in traditional mobile home parks in
surrounding communities. They did correlate. It was the closest and most
practical means to develop a value. Residents in other mobile home parks
were paying similar amounts as residents of Buena Vista paid, but Buena
Vista offered considerably fewer amenities and lower quality infrastructure.
The only variable was Palo Alto. Therefore, he equated the location issue
                                                                            Page 14 of 41
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Minutes: 04/14/15
