                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Eggleston: A little of the background. The current building is under-
sized, inefficient and doesn't meet standards for an Essential Services
Facility. The City's been working now for about 30 years on planning for a
new Public Safety Building. The good news is this process has now led to
the new Public Safety Building being fully funded with existing City funds and
being named as the top priority in the City Council's Infrastructure Plan from
June 2014. Now that the funding is in place, our goal is to move as swiftly
as possible to make progress on this project. With everything we know and
we've learned, further delay just prolongs the risk to the community while
essentially further limiting our options and increasing the eventual cost of
the project due to escalation in project costs. Some of the recent work that
has occurred. This slide reviews our most recent efforts starting with the
Blue Ribbon Task Force that published its report back in 2006. I just wanted
to quote that report. It opened by saying "The Task Force recommends in
the strongest possible terms that the City proceed expeditiously to build a
new Public Safety Building." There were some efforts made at that point
and some progress. Due to issues with funding due to the recession, we
were not able to proceed. The Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission in
2011 also concluded that a new Public Safety Building should be built as
soon as possible. The Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission, or IBRC, also
looked at work that had been done to evaluate rebuilding the Public Safety
Building on the current site next to City Hall. They recommended against
doing that in their report.      They also recommended against splitting
functions that could potentially be housed together in the Public Safety
Building into multiple sites. Most recently, as I mentioned, the June 2014
Infrastructure Plan included the Public Safety Building as its top priority and
included a total project budget of $57 million which we now have in place.
That includes $10 million for land acquisition. A little more on that. I
wanted to point out that the project budget of $47 million excluding
potential land acquisition is based on this building program size of 44,848
square feet. I wanted to touch on that and emphasize it a little bit, because
that square footage number is one that's evolved significantly over the years
with the work on the project. There have been multiple efforts to reevaluate
and reduce the building size. That occurred during the Blue Ribbon Task
Force's tenure. That was also continued by Staff in the aftermath of the
IBRC's work and the Study Sessions with Council that occurred. All of those
efforts resulted in that 2012 building program figure of the 44,848 square
feet. What is in that program? This slide is a little hard to read. There's
some detail there. It shows the categories of functions and space needs for
the Public Safety Building that add up to the 44,848 square footage figure.
Basically that figure is based on estimates that were done of potential 2032
staffing levels.    It includes, as we touched on, the Police and Fire
Department administration, 911 Communications Center, Office of
Emergency Services and Emergency Operations Center as well as the
                                                                         Page 22 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
