                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I would say that we are—there's a wide range of interpretations
that are made on a daily basis. There are simple things that we do
frequently. What we're trying to capture here are those items that it doesn't
fit cleanly into the intent of the Code or we're trying to understand or make
the intent of the Code apply to a particular situation. We do not have a
process in place now where we formalize that interpretation, where we make
it available to the community and create an appeal process that exists.
Right now, the process would be we'd do our best to figure it out in
consultation with the Planners and other colleagues and the Attorney's
Office, and we would make a decision. That's the process today. There's no
transparency there. There's no opportunity for appeal of that. Those are
decisions that take place at the counter and as we're reviewing. What we're
trying to do is make it more transparent. We're trying to create that
process. We want to post it on our webpage. If our systems are not as
efficient, then we probably won't be producing as many of those types of
interpretations.    I can foresee now it's going to be this "I don't want a
formal interpretation, because I don't want the two months to get an
answer." There may be project modifications or some other type of activity
that takes place.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not going to make a Motion on it right now,
but I think this is a really important question and point. I'd really like to
hear from my colleagues about this also. I really see where you're trying to
go with this, and I really appreciate that. We're trying to create a little bit
more transparency and more consistency and clarity, which is good for the
Staff, it's good for the Council. I think it's good for applicants and it's good
for neighbors around a potential project, again whether it's a big or a small
project. I think that that's a good direction to aim for. I've heard and I
share some concern about making sure that it really is transparent in a very
good way. I guess one other possibility might be that things are done as an
interpretation, it's posted on the website, all that, and approved. For that
person who's asking for that interpretation that first time it comes up,
maybe at that point their own project wouldn't be delayed by having to go to
Council, but perhaps as a follow-up before it becomes precedent for the
future, maybe in that case we'd want to have it come to Council on Consent
for approval. I'd be curious to hear what my colleagues would think about
that or is this—I would just like to hear thoughts from others about that.
Again, not ready to make a Motion on it, just trying to play around with the
ideas here and see if we can create a really good practice.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: You covered my first item almost exactly. On
interpretations, I appreciate we're codifying what we do today. I too was
                                                                         Page 53 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
