                            MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman answered yes. The Council was scheduled to discuss California
Avenue retail on May 18. The long-term ordinance would be presented in
June 2015. During the summer, Staff would complete an analysis of retail
trends in Downtown.

Council Member Burt questioned whether the Council should discuss the
long-term ordinance. He did not understand the apprehension regarding the
legal standing for the interim ordinance and the need for a long-term
ordinance. Perhaps the Council should further consider provisions for a
long-term ordinance.

Ms. Stump reported the Council, at the end of 45 days, would need to adopt
either a second urgency ordinance or a long-term ordinance. Staff had not
fully vetted the timeline for a long-term ordinance.

Council Member Burt recalled that the 2001 Council adopted an interim
ordinance and then continued it for a longer period of time. He did not
believe the long-term ordinance was adopted until 2003.

Ms. Stump was not familiar with the timeline of actions taken in the early
2000s; however, that timeline was logical in terms of procedure.

Council Member Burt did not feel an urgency to provide Staff with guidance
for a long-term ordinance in the current meeting. The Council should
deliberate more and hear more from the community.

Ms. Stump explained that the long-term ordinance was a technical vehicle to
provide an insurance policy in the event the urgency ordinance was
challenged. Staff was not suggesting and would not propose that the
Council move toward additional substantive changes.

Council Member Burt asked if the long-term ordinance would reflect the
provisions of the urgency ordinance.

Ms. Stump would recommend that. That technique had been used in other
cities.

Council Member Burt inquired whether a challenge would suspend the
ordinance.

Ms. Stump indicated it would replace actions taken on an urgency basis with
the same substantive requirements used through the regular process.

Council Member Burt clarified whether a potential legal challenge triggered
the desire to have a long-term ordinance.


04/06/2015                                                          117- 194
