                          TRANSCRIPT
path as could fairly readily be done. Those areas where it doesn't work, not
do that.

Mr. Mello: You can see that is one of the alternatives that we have looked
at, and that's certainly something that we could advance if Council decided
to look at an alternative corridor with the remainder of the feasibility study.
You can see there's a little bit of a parallel corridor in the center section as
well as over on the east that could potentially substitute for the creek
corridor itself.

Council Member Burt: Some of the alternative locations where either El
Carmelo or Loma Verde would hit Alma, those hit at locations that are I'll call
it south, southeast of where we evaluated the feasibility of a trench for the
tracks. Having an underpass in that location would be problematic. When
you're considering a pedestrian crossing over the tracks and potentially over
Alma at the same time, although it could be something like Homer where it
was signalized at Alma. Were you taking into consideration the challenge of
what might happen on whether there might be trenching there in the future?

Mr. Mello: I think we certainly would moving forward. I think some of the
preliminary looks at the crossing of Alma and Caltrain happened before the
discussion about grade separation advanced to the point where we're at
today. I think moving forward we'd certainly have to design something that
would accommodate the grade separation in the future as well.

Council Member Burt: I have some other thoughts later, but I just want to
put out there for people to be thinking about. One of the things I looked at
the other day was El Dorado more closely. El Dorado is a low volume street
that might work well within this hybrid pattern, especially with some minor
modifications to some restrictions or other accommodations.

Mayor Holman:       Thank you.     Council Member DuBois, questions and
comments.

Council Member DuBois: I think Council Member Kniss answered some of
my questions about the funding. Do we know what distance from Stanford
the money can be spent?

Council Member Kniss: Yeah, we do know, yeah. Six miles.

Council Member DuBois: Six miles.

Council Member Kniss: It is roughly six miles, but it also depends on where
you start measuring from. Thanks, Karen, for letting me explain this. If you
start from the very epicenter, you get to a different point. We never had
                                                                            Page 30 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
