                             TRANSCRIPT
Cambridge Avenue in an area that doesn't currently have that, of which I
don't think any of them do. Correct?

Mr. Lait: I believe it is difficult.

Council Member Berman: It is—yes, you never want to say impossible. It is
remarkably, remarkably, remarkably, remarkably difficult.

Mr. Lait: There are some challenges with establishing a restaurant or eating
and drinking establishment where one does not exist today.

Council Member Berman: Do any of those, other than Council Member
Scharff's favorite bubble tea place, exist on Cambridge currently? I didn't
get a chance to do a walk-down.

Mr. Lait: No, I don't think there's one on Cambridge, eating and drinking on
Cambridge. Maybe on one of the side streets, there's a restaurant. Is there
another ...

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Berman: There's a Bolivian place? Without that, what
types of uses would be permissible if we were to adopt the current
resolution?

Mr. Lait: Retail uses and personal service uses.

Council Member Berman: Are we aware of any examples where there have
been kind of retail strips that have just had retail and personal services uses
and one Bolivian restaurant and one bubble tea place that have succeeded
and attracted the type of pedestrian traffic that's necessary for a retail core?

Mr. Lait: We've not—we don't have any analysis to support that in the
affirmative or negative.

Council Member Berman: Maybe I missed it, but PTC's analysis wasn't in
here, was it? I don't think we had Minutes in our Staff Report from the
Planning and Transportation Commission.

Mr. Lait: I'm not sure if the Minutes were in there. They did deliberate a
variety of issues. At the end, they ended up supporting the ordinance as it
was basically submitted to Council.

Council Member Berman: When did they have that conversation again?

Mr. Lait: They had two meetings on July 8 and August 26.
                                                                         Page 57 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
