                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: What is a bit delayed?

Ms. Mason: Jonathan is trying to track everyone down. I think based on the
agenda, they had thought that we would be arriving at that item at 6:30.

Mayor Holman:      This change was made this morning, so I'm a little
confused.

Ms. Mason: I'll work on that.

Mayor Holman: Why don't we take a ten-minute break and see what we can
conclude after that. Thanks.

Council took a break at 6:10 P.M. and returned at 6:19 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we will reconvene the meeting now and
take up Item Number 8, which is again the discussion of Fiber to the
Premises Master Plan and direction to Staff on next steps for fiber and City
wireless services. Thank you. Jonathan.

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer:         Hi there.   Jonathan
Reichental, Palo Alto Chief Information Officer. Thank you, Mayor Holman,
Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Members, for this opportunity to present this
City Manager Report on fiber to the premise and wireless recommendations.
Maybe we'll make some history this evening; we'll see. I also want to thank
the Utilities Advisory Commission. I want to thank the Utilities Advisory
Commission subcommittee on fiber to the premise and wireless. I'd like to
thank the Citizen Advisory Committee, and thank you to our partners here,
CTC. Tonight we're joined by CTC CEO Joanne Hovis and her colleague, Tom
Asp.     I'd also like to thank a large group of City Staff across many
departments, in particular Todd Henderson, the City's Project Manager, Jim
Fleming from Utilities, Josh Wallace from Utilities and Dave Yen from
Utilities. I just wanted to make a few very brief introductory comments, and
then we'll get to the substance of this evening. In the internet broadband
space, a lot has changed since the City first started to explore fiber to the
home in the last '90s. In fact, even since City Council made this a priority
again in early 2013 with the Technology and the Connected City initiative, a
lot has changed in our industry.         I want to spend a few moments
characterizing the current high speed wired and wireless marketplace. First,
there's a lot of activity across the U.S. and now in our area of the country
with the incumbents.        We do recognize and realize the future of a
competitive America is easy access to high speed internet, and eventually
                                                                      Page 10 of 130
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/28/15
