                          TRANSCRIPT
volunteer their time and effort. I think that time and effort can be respected
even if at times we disagree. I would suggest that Staff in respecting the
ARB doesn't necessarily have to always agree with the ARB, especially in a
project like this that comes to the Council.             You can bring dual
recommendations.       There's a project later that Staff does, a Planning
Commission recommendation and a Staff recommendation. I personally find
that to be helpful and more illuminating of the issues. With that, I see no
other lights. If I tried to repeat this motion, it would be a listing of a lot of
numbers and Code, so I think I won't do that. Basically, the motion is to
refer this project back to the Architectural Review Board to address concerns
raised by the City Council, and those are listed in the Code enumerations,
and that the ARB is to vote whether to recommend project approval to the
City Council, and request that the ARB reconsider the project in its entirety
as it complies with the context and architectural findings, and then the list of
findings that are enumerated there. Vote on the board please. That motion
passes unanimously. Thank you, colleagues and Staff, applicant, appellant
and members of the public.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Study Session

4.    Joint Study Session of the          City   Council   and     Planning         and
      Transportation Commission.

Mayor Holman: With that then, we move to our joint Study Session with the
Planning and Transportation Commission. It might take us a couple of
minutes here to rearrange the chairs here on the deck, so to speak. Why
don't we take just a couple minute break here while we get the chairs set up
and such. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I think we are all here and at our places. We wanted to
spend the first ten minutes giving the Chair and perhaps Chair and Vice
Chair an opportunity to address the PTC annual report to Council. We will,
just because we do have a large agenda in front of us, limit that to ten
minutes. Chair Tanaka, welcome.

Greg Tanaka, Planning and Transportation Commission Chair: Thank you,
Mayor. I think all the Council Members have the report. Rather than diving
into details, because we only have about ten minutes, what I want to do is I
want to talk a little bit about the process, how this report was created. Also
I'll give some of my ten minutes to my fellow Commissioners should they
want to speak about any of the sections that they wrote. The way we did
this report was essentially we kind of divvied it up into certain sections. We
kind of followed the format of previous years. Each Commissioner wrote a
                                                                             Page 45 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
