                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:     I hope we can hit a couple of these tonight.           I
mean that they're ..

Mayor Holman: Yeah, I'm planning on going there, yeah. With that
understanding, then the Motion on the floor is to make changes to Group 4
which are Sections 14 and 15 and including two text changes suggested by
Staff. One having to do with building envelope defined as volume of space
that is. The other is replace "minimum extent necessary." Is that right?
"Incremental square footage necessary" is what it is. With those two
amendments then or additions, then we can vote on the board on this
section, these two sections. That passes unanimously with Council Member
Burt absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Mayor Holman: Then we go to Group 5 which is CEQA. Actually, I think
when we talked about it this afternoon, it is pages 28, but also goes down to
Section 23 on page 31. It's more than CEQA. I'm sorry, page 31. It's
pages 28 down to Section 23 on page 31. Down to Section 23 on page 31 of
the ordinance. When I was talking with ...

Council Member Kniss: No, you're Group 5.

Male: Group 5 starts at page (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: 282, 286.

Mayor Holman: Group 5 is CEQA. When I was meeting with Hillary this
afternoon, I thought we took it to Section 23. Group 6 begins with Section
23. That's what I understood this afternoon.

Ms. French: (inaudible)

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry, Mayor. It looks like we've Group 5 ending at Section 21
for the ...

Ms. French: Inclusive of (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Yeah, inclusive of Section 21.        We can adapt.       Council
Member Wolbach, and then DuBois.

Council Member Wolbach: Looking at the additions at the start of this
section, the 18.31.010 through 030. I think these look pretty good. I think
there's some uncertainty maybe among Council Members, even myself and
certainly in the community about what all the implications of this are. It
definitely looks like we're adding some transparency, opportunities for
                                                                      Page 92 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
