                          TRANSCRIPT
thoughts from the other column in as necessary. If you agree that that's
what you think is the right approach here, we certainly don't need that in the
motion. That seems very clear, but I'll leave that up to you.

Council Member Wolbach: I believe it was Council Member DuBois who
pointed out the line under Transportation Element from the old Comp Plan,
that the adverse impacts of automobile traffic on the environment in general
and residential streets in particular will be reduced. I'd mentioned wanting
something about performance measures. Our sentiments are shared there.
Combine that also with Council Member Filseth's emphasis on having
something quantifiable, that's one that's worth highlighting and bringing
over either verbatim or, as Council Member Burt suggested might be
possible, capturing that objective even if not using the exact language.
There seems to be a consensus that we would like to see a consistent
committee that works together as a group, as a body, through the Comp
Plan process. I see a couple of options for how that could happen. There
may be others. Before we make motions, I'd like to hear my colleagues'
thoughts on that as well as any Staff thoughts. A couple of options would be
to recruit that from the Summit. Say, "You're here at the Summit. That's a
great sign that you're involved and interested. We're going to have more
meetings over the next several months, and we encourage everybody to
come back. We're also looking for really committed people who can engage
in a deep way on an ongoing basis who can make that commitment."
Another way to do it might be to take our existing Leadership Team for the
Comp Plan which, as Mayor Holman pointed out, has generally been an
outreach team, but it's been called a Leadership Team. We could consider
repurposing them to be less focused on outreach and more focused on
transitioning their role to be the core of that committee. Those are a couple
of ways we might go about getting a committee rolling. We're going to have
a motion before we leave tonight calling for a committee to be created.
Those are a couple of ways to do it. I leave that open to colleagues to
suggest how we should do that. On this general question of being concise or
being prescriptive, it was mentioned earlier that the Comp Plan is the
constitution for the City. The US [United States] Constitution is a model in
brevity. I would keep that in mind before we get too prescriptive in our
Comp Plan.

Council Member Filseth: I have a couple of observations on this. I don't
want to add too much to what's been said already. We said we're not going
to wordsmith this, but we are wordsmithing it a little bit. I don't know that
that's a terribly bad thing. We're the Council; we're supposed to be
responsible for vision. This is vision stuff. This is the kind of stuff that we
should be involved in. I don't know that it's necessarily a bad thing to have
people on the Council trying to do what Council Member DuBois and Council
                                                                          Page 40 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
