                         TRANSCRIPT
warranted and more efficient. If Council decides on the peer review, it
should, as Mr. Brabant suggests, instruct the second appraiser to perform
that review based on the current record, which would be consistent with
professional standards. It makes no sense for Mr. Beccaria to perform 117
new appraisals based on a methodology that you have already found faulty.
After the peer review report is produced, Council can schedule a hearing to
hear from that second appraiser and decide whether to hire a new appraiser
to perform the individual evaluations. Again, that can't happen tonight. It
can't go forward. Several other issues to address. First of all, we agree with
the Council's creation of an avenue for individual park residents to contest
their appraisal amounts. However, they should be allowed to appeal all of
their individual relocation benefits including their actual moving expenses
and the supplemental payments for seniors and people with disabilities, not
only the appraisal amounts. The park owner now stridently protests any
supplemental review, but is in fact on record suggesting it in their closing
brief in June 2014, Pages 30-32. The City Attorney is suggesting shortening
the window to challenge appraisals from 30 days to 10 days in the most
recent submittal, a very recent submittal. This is unacceptable. Residents
will not be able to have their own appraisals performed in 10 days. They
can't afford to pay the hundreds of dollars that would be required to have
their own appraisals done before they get the updated appraisal. We also
agree with the decision to use the two-bedroom rental as a standard for
some households. However, this does not go far enough to ensure that the
relocation payment will allow larger families to afford adequate replacement
housing. For larger families, this should be tied to their family size, not the
size of the mobile home they currently live in. The rent differential for
households with over three members should be based on HUD's two people
plus one per bedroom standard. The park owner makes a variety of takings
arguments, ignoring the Ordinance provision for the park owner to obtain an
exemption if the relocation benefits would affect the taking. This provision
for a partial or total exemption from the relocation benefits if the park owner
believes it would affect a taking. The owner needs to prove this up with
evidence. That's also straight from the Ordinance. The owner has not
produced any evidence in this regard. They haven't specified what they
expect the return on the sale of the property to be. All we have are Ms.
Nanda's arguments which are not evidence. They are required to go through
this administrative process before filing any lawsuit. The owner has taken
no steps, none, to ask for this exemption. In fact, in the closing brief, the
same one I referenced earlier, on Page 64 they expressly disavow that they
have asked for this exemption.         The park owner's argument that the
residents' mobile homes have no value once they're removed from Buena
Vista and, therefore, the park owner should not be required to pay any
relocation assistance is not legally supported. The law clearly recognizes the

                                                                        Page 12 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/26/15
