                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, speak to your second.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I think Council Member Scharff's
absolutely right. One of the reasons I supported the project initially was
because of the ARB support by a larger number of ARB Members than this
time when only three members were present at the meeting where this was
discussed. I could understand the applicant's frustration if we're saying
there's too much massing and it's too imposing on University, so they
pushed that back. Now, we're saying there's too much massing on the
backend. If Council Members are saying you need to take a floor off, I'd
encourage them to actually be explicit and do that. I'm not saying I'd agree
with that, but if that's their opinion, I think we owe it to the applicant to be a
little bit more clear in our instruction to her, so that she can get her project
completed. This is a really tricky corner, because Kipling does have a
smaller scale off of the corner. I mean, if you look at the Apple building
that's right across the street from this project, it's far from a cute, two-story
home. This is right across the street from this project. It really is this kind
of interesting juxtaposition between University, which is an area where we
want to incentivize density—that's the purpose of University—and Kipling,
and Kipling in between University and Lytton. It's something that we need
to try to accomplish as carefully as possible. I think this could use—I think
this project would benefit a lot from a couple of rounds at ARB. I'd
encourage the ARB to be cognizant of the fact that right across the street on
Kipling from this property is something that's 36 feet tall and kind of a
straight wall. I think the applicant did a pretty good job of trying to step
back those third and fourth floors. I have serious concerns that if we
eliminate the fourth floor, all we're doing is eliminating housing. I'm an
unabashed supporter of the fact that I think we need more housing
especially in transit-oriented areas including Downtown. I think we need to
be very cognizant about what we lose depending on what our instructions
are to the applicant. I think this project's come a long way from the initial
proposals. It is tough, and I think this has taken quite a while to complete.
I think a couple of rounds at ARB hopefully will lead to a project that we can
all support.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: If we're going to send this back to ARB, I think it
needs to be in a more focused way so that it will be a more productive
outcome. I'm real concerned that we aren't doing too much more than we
did last time, which is saying we have some concerns. We've expressed
them as individuals, what they are. We hope that the applicant will have
listened to the things we meant for them to listen to, and that they will then
respond to those things. I want to offer some amendments that give greater
                                                                             Page 36 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
