                          TRANSCRIPT
that as one of the alternatives. The Council in the final motion voted that
the PTOD was infeasible. There was a statement made in the PTC discussion
that the applicant deemed the PTOD was not feasible. The PTOD was a
statement by the Council that they would like to see mixed use in the
California Avenue area. It's not in the Fry's area, but it's on the street next
to it. All the applications we're looking at on Park Avenue and Page Mill are
in a PTOD district. It seems the applicant has a veto over PTOD. That
changes how we think about this. The Council made an assertion that we
would like to see some mixed use, but it's not working. How do we deal
with questions like that on the Fry's site, when we have applications on the
streets surrounding Fry's making important decisions that are part of the
California Avenue Master Plan concept? Where do we get the guidance, the
guiding points, in the California Avenue Master Plan that we could use in
making decisions and choices on the Fry's Master Plan? That's an example
of the types of interactions that would be important.

Ms. Gitelman: We have a draft concept plan which the Council could refer
to. You could choose to ignore it because it hasn't been adopted, and rely
on the Comprehensive Plan that exists and the zoning. That's a Council
prerogative, whether you want to give weight to the draft plan that has not
yet been adopted. Entirely up to you.

Mayor Holman: We're working on the Comprehensive Plan Update. The
direction to Staff has been to incorporate the California Avenue concept plan
as a part of that Comprehensive Plan Update. How could we do that without
including the Fry's site? Clearly the Staff Report says, and we remember
from the past, that the California Avenue concept plan area includes Park
Boulevard, California Avenue and the Fry's site. How could we delay
working on this? Wouldn't we work on it all at once?

Ms. Gitelman: The question is to what level of detail. The concept plan and
the Comprehensive Plan we're working on are policy framework. They're
policy and they don't get to the level of zoning or development standards.
Whereas, a coordinated plan, as you know from your work on SOFA,
includes policy language but it also includes development standards and
design guidelines that get very specific. The question is whether we can get
to that level of specificity now. Whether we should take the grant to do that
planning and get to that level of specificity now or whether we should defer
that until after the draft policy framework that we have in place is adopted.

Mayor Holman: How would it work? There's been a fair amount of work
done on the draft concept plan. How would it work if we treated the whole
California Avenue area as a concept plan area, like the SOFA area? Council


                                                                         Page 71 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
