                         TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Why don't we ...

Council Member DuBois: Actually, I have one more if that's all right.

Mayor Holman: Yeah.

Council Member DuBois: It sounds like primarily Google wasn't interested in
the west shuttle route. Just some ideas. I'd love to investigate routes
maybe to the business park and also routes to school during the morning.
Over the summer, I saw an interesting article. I think it was the Napa bus
system, where they run fixed routes during commuting hours. Then they
actually shift to a point-to-point shuttle during the day. I have been
concerned that our shuttles are nearly empty in the middle of the day. I
thought that was an interesting idea. Thanks.

Council Member Filseth: First of all, this is very welcome. Thank you very
much, Hillary and Jessica and the Staff, for doing this. What I'd say is it's
been almost ten years since the Professorville neighborhood started calling
for relief on this issue.    Please don't slip.     Two comments, sort of
fundamental here. First is that the Downtown neighborhoods are not the
only impacted place in the City. I urge the team to accelerate as much as
possible the expansion of this to other impacted neighborhoods around
town, some of which are anxiously awaiting the ability to implement this
there. The second is—and it comes back to Phase 2—the crucial remaining
issue will be how many permits are sold and to whom. I urge the team and
the City to base this decision on neighborhood quality and not on external
demand.      External demand is really a transportation and economic
development issue. As a City, we need to manage that as a separate focus.
Whereas, neighborhood quality should be the determinant of how many
permits we sell. Thanks very much.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me echo the comments particularly by my
Colleagues DuBois and Filseth. A lot of their questions and suggestions I
really appreciate and will just second that. Also, thank you for amazing
work, excellent work, and for bringing this to us. Very timely indeed,
especially given some of the later discussions on our agenda this evening.
This couldn't be better timed. I do have a few comments and questions and
thoughts to consider as we move forward, both on the parking side and also
on the shuttles and larger transportation side. First, I want to echo the
points brought up by Adina Levin regarding first the daily parking passes. I
think we should definitely look very carefully at perhaps reducing the daily
parking price to match the Caltrain daily price, which I think is $5. Besides
                                                                      Page 16 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
