                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think it's good to direct the CAC to include a policy about
this under a goal related to solid waste. It may be that some of the solid
waste stuff has to stay in Natural Resources while the rest goes to Safety.
We can work that out with the CAC.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm comfortable with—along with airplane noise,
reclaimed and recycled water and salvage all being direction to CAC and
Staff to explore policies and programs related to those issues. If salvage is
in that category along with airplane noise and reclaimed and recycled water,
that would make sense. I'd be okay with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and Salvage.”

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to adopt existing the Goals and organization in the Natural
Environment Element with the addition of a Goal of Climate Change and
Adaption, moving Goals on Natural Hazards and Hazardous Waste, and Solid
Waste to the Safety Element. Council will send to the CAC either a Policy or
Program following the approval of the 2016 Urban Water Management Plan
on Goal N-4, and add language to Goal N-1 that includes protects and
conserves Palo Alto Open Space, Natural and Urban Habits and protects our
Ecosystems and Natural Resources. And Direct the CAC to explore Policies
and Programs relating to airplane noise, reclaimed and recycled water.

Mayor Holman: I think I had one more. Under Our Palo Alto 2030, the sixth
bullet, the one right before the paragraph says addressing State regulations,
requirements for transportation noise generated from roadways, airways and
railways and limiting construction noise around sensitive receptors. It does
not reference air quality as a result of roadways, airways. I think air quality
should also be incorporated there. Council Member DuBois? It's another
environmental issue just as noise is.

Council Member DuBois: Maybe Staff can help. I think these bullet points
you're looking at are in the introduction to the PTC version. Where are you
suggesting they go?

Mayor Holman: Same comment as previously. I'm not sure of the best
location for them, but I don't want them to be lost or overlooked. Right
now, they're not being addressed.

Council Member DuBois:       Could you restate—you want to capture air
quality?

Mayor Holman: Yeah. It talks here about ...
                                                                         Page 58 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
