                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We do have a number of people who have joined us this
evening. Thank you all. Each year the ARB awards—actually it's not each
year. The ARB does periodically, every five years, designate award winners
for specific projects. I'll read the Proclamation and then the Vice Mayor will
assist on the Proclamations as we deliver those. This is the Proclamation for
the 2015 Architectural Review Board Design Awards. Mayor Holman read
the Proclamation into the record. We have six awards to be given, and we
have quite a representation here. The first presentation will be made to
Tom Eliot Fish, Page and Turnbull, BFSLA for the Stanford Hoover Pavilion at
211 Quarry Road for preservation. I'll join you down here and present the
award. A representative for Tom Eliot Fish will be receiving the framed
Proclamation.     Vice Mayor Schmid will be announcing the subsequent
awardees. Amy would you like to receive this for that project? Okay.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The second award of the evening goes to Group 4
Architects, Garavaglia Architecture and Gates and Associates for Rinconada
Library, 1213 Newell, for preservation, addition and site design, Dawn
Merkes. The third award goes to Bohlin Cywinski Jackson Architect for Apple
store, 340 University Avenue, remodel, representatives Laing Chung and
Priya Mara. The fourth award goes to Verde Design, Barbara Butler, RHAA,
Magical Bridge Playground at Mitchell Park, 600 East Meadow Drive, special
award for innovative-inclusive playground, representatives Derek McKee and
Corbin Schneider. Award Number 6 again to Group 4 Architects for the
Mitchell Park Library, 3700 Middlefield Award, special award for sustainable
design, representative Dawn Merkes. Award Number 4 to Jimmy Chang for
Paris Baguette, 383 University Avenue, small project and renovation,
representative Jimmy Chang.

Mayor Holman: Thank you all for your indulgence while we do that.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Number 3.

3.   Appointment of Three Candidates to the Parks and Recreation
     Commission to Terms Ending December 15, 2018.

Mayor Holman: Perhaps the City Clerk has a tally on the Parks and Rec
Commission appointments.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: I do.

First Round of voting for three positions on the Parks and Recreation
Commission with terms ending December 15, 2018:

Voting For Jim Cowie:                    Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth,
                                         Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
                                                                          Page 19 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
