                         TRANSCRIPT
Love of Palo Alto events in February concurrent with the Valentine's Day
opening of Rinconada Library. We had a reinvigorated May Fete Parade, I
think, with dogs and more kid sort of things before. Obviously the Chili Cook
Off. First ever really Veterans Day recognition. Of course, the accolades
you all got for what you did not just in the sense of just the ceremony itself
but the personal comments that vets were making to the Mayor and Council
Members about how special this recognition event was and to our Staff that
worked on this so hard. A Meet the Street Event. Our usual Tree Lighting
Ceremony. Palo Alto Perry, one of my favorites. I know it drives some of
my colleagues crazy, but that came out of For the Love of Palo Alto and has
kept a life of its own all through the year. You know what? We should laugh
more and poke fun at ourselves a little bit more than we do. Your fourth
Priority, Healthy City Healthy Community. Just recently, in the last week or
so, you adopted the formal Resolution itself. We're in many ways in the
beginning stages of proactively what we're doing to do. Obviously you made
smoking ordinance changes. You've got new ones coming forward. We'll
see where the new year takes us. As we leave the Priority areas, so many
of these were dealing with the values that I was talking about, that I like us
to be sure we're focusing on, on the Staff. Lots of them related to place and
community and stewardship and people's involvement through civics, what
we do. If I could come back to community and think ahead about all the
work that we have been doing this year to prepare for the winter storm
prep. That top picture is actually months and months ago with us out
actually along the creek right at the Pope-Chaucer Bridge with the General
from the Army Corps of Engineers, once again stressing the critical
importance of both the permits and the response that we need from these
other levels of government to address the systemic problems. Of course,
still in the wake of being dependent upon their decisions, all of the prep and
outreach and training we've been doing as a Staff just in case we have the
winter that goes beyond the water needs that we have and creates problems
for us. Caltrain rail safety again was a kind of pop-up response for us to
reinvigorate what we were doing as far as means restriction and access.
The expansion of what we've done occupied actually an amazing amount of
our time. Airplane noise, not anything that was really on your work plan.
When you've gone to the Town Halls, when you come up to the seventh floor
and the Sky Posse folks are there again meeting with us on issues and
engaging with Anna Eshoo, everything is taking a tremendous amount of our
time trying to deal with a very complex regional problem. That same thing
with Animal Services. We worked through with the community of the animal
lovers, again how we're going to restructure our Animal Services. Most
importantly, have a way to rebuild our animal shelter here in Palo Alto.
When we think of our community as it relates to neighborhoods, again, the
departure of the grocery store and the concerns around Edgewood Plaza has
been a focus for years. You continue the Safe Routes to School. The Know
                                                                         Page 7 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
