                             MINUTES
Ms. Nanda recalled residents' testimony at the public hearings that they had
lived in the community for many years and they moved to Palo Alto because
of Palo Alto schools. She assumed schools would have been included in the
Ordinance had they been a critical factor.

Council Member Kniss had directed her question to Ms. Nanda because of
her experience with park closures, but requested Ms. Aziz comment if she
wished.

Ms. Aziz advised that even without schools the Ordinance contemplated a
community similar to Palo Alto.

Council Member Berman asked if rents were altered when residents
constructed the additions.

Ms. Nanda replied no. Rents were not increased because of the additions.

Council Member Berman inquired about the number of Buena Vista sales
used in Mr. Beccaria's comparisons.

Mr. Beccaria remarked that the number varied with each report. Each report
contained at least one, sometimes two.

Council Member Berman clarified for the totality of appraisals.

Mr. Beccaria answered probably five altogether.

Council Member Berman asked if those sales occurred within 12 months of
the appraisal.

Mr. Beccaria reported the most recent sale occurred in late 2011. He did use
sales of a couple of trailers from 2012.

Council Member Berman asked if some of the sales occurred more than 12
months prior to the appraisal.

Mr. Beccaria advised that the last sale of a park model unit occurred in
2006, when it was located in the park as a new unit.

Council Member Berman inquired about Mr. Beccaria's dismissal of home
sales that occurred more than 12 months prior to the appraisal.

Mr. Beccaria commented that time was a critical factor. Some of the cited
sales dated back to 2010 when he could locate sales in 2011 or 2012 in
similar parks or the same park. He had to use the most recent and most
similar sales.
                                                                         Page 11 of 41
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 04/14/15
