                          TRANSCRIPT
community organizations, including the League of Women Voters, Palo Alto
Forward, Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning, the Community Working Group,
churches with congregations of Protestant, Catholic and Jewish faiths, and
many more organizations. On April 14th, you made clear your intention to
approve the owner's application to close Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. The
next day, April 15th, all four local newspapers ran headlines reading Council
votes to close Buena Vista. This was, as you can imagine, devastating to
the residents of the [Buena Vista Mobilehome] Park. Many of them were
here the night before. There's a difference between listening to five hours of
somewhat unintelligible nitpicking among lawyers and reading those
headlines the next morning. Since then we've tried to reassure Buena Vista
residents that all is not lost, that they do have friends in high places. With
help from our friend Doug Kreitz and the MidPeninsula Media Center, we
made a brief video that has now been shown to many Buena Vista residents
and is continuing to be shown. I'd like you to see it now, but I don't have a
mouse. There it is. I'm guessing this doesn't count against my time.
[Video shown.] We're grateful for your sentiments and for your commitment
to save Buena Vista. We want to assert as graphically as possible that time
is of the essence now for you to act on this commitment. Please imagine
yourselves in the following situation. At the end of May, you're served with
a notice to vacate your home no later than Thanksgiving or Christmas or be
forcibly escorted from the premises by the Sheriff. In less than three
months from the end of May, your children will start the new school year.
What do you do? Do you wait 'til Thanksgiving to move? Do you sit tight
because the do-gooders say there's hope? Send your children to school in
Palo Alto in the fall knowing that at most they'll be able to stay a few months
or do you start making plans now to leave Palo Alto? I think we all
understand that no relocation package is really going to allow residents of
Buena Vista to live long-term anywhere anything like 35 miles from Palo
Alto. On May 26, you will conclude your duties as judge and jury. We urge
you, we implore you to be proactive between now and then. There is hope
for Buena Vista but, if we're to save this community of people who have
called Palo Alto home for years and in many cases for generations, we must
move fast.      Decisions are needed.        Policy decisions must be made
immediately. Immediately means in some cases within minutes of your
decision to approve the closure of Buena Vista. Gail Price, the next speaker,
will talk about some specifics. We've held out hope to Buena Vista residents
for months, for years. To paraphrase a very old saying, some of you
probably haven't ever heard of it, hope and $3.50 will buy you a cup of
coffee.    What's needed immediately on May 26th is action.             Without
immediate action, saving Buena Vista will mean at best saving an empty
husk, not saving an established community of flesh-and-blood neighbors in
our midst. Please use the next 30 days to prepare for swift and decisive

                                                                          Page 17 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
