                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:        Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to replace in the Motion, “on development of office space
outside of the boundaries” with “on including Stanford Research Park.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Did you get a chance to speak to it?

Council Member Scharff: No, I didn't.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. I thought you had.

Council Member Scharff:       Let's start where we started in this in the
beginning. We said we were going to do an interim Ordinance in these three
areas, California Avenue, El Camino and Downtown. Council Member Burt
rightly raised the issue of we said we were going to exclude Stanford but we
wanted to see progress on the TDM. If we don't see that progress, we may
consider including them in it. I think it's good to have a report on Stanford's
progress, and I think it's fine to have some possible potential action if
Stanford is not making any progress. We can make that decision then. I
think that's fine. What I don't think is fine is that to take an interim
Ordinance where we said the whole plan is that we're going to look at this
for two years, see how it goes and then go through the Comprehensive Plan
process and then to say after a year or after six months, maybe we want to
extend this to the whole City. That's makes no sense in terms of where we
were thinking and in terms of crafting this whole process. Therefore, I think
this is a good amendment. I think it doesn't make any sense to be looking
at the entire City in six months or a year. It sort of makes the whole idea of
an interim Ordinance crazy.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I think Council Member Scharff is absolutely right.
On top of that, when are we going to let Staff actually do the job we asked
them to do? When are we going to stop distracting them from all the things
that we've already piled on?         To ask them to—rather than actually
monitoring and achieving—not the redo, but the update of the Comp Plan,
focusing on the TMA, the RPP and the TDM and paying more attention to
Stanford Research Park. To then bring up this massive, I think it would be,
new idea of reviewing ideas outside of the boundaries, it just doesn't—a year
before it'll already happen anyhow, it's just a waste of time. We've been
doing a lot of that, and I wish we could actually start focusing.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

                                                                        Page 91 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
