                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: It sounds like maybe this is not going to take a lot
of discussion, so I won't do it here. Just to say briefly, I concur with the last
couple of speakers. If you look at the versions of the Comp Plan, I think the
existing vision and also the existing goals and policies form a better
foundation for the CAC to base their work off of than the PTC draft. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: We had 23 speakers, Council Member Kniss. Largely ...

Council Member Kniss: Twenty-eight, Karen?

Mayor Holman: Twenty-three, I think it was. Largely, I agree that the
current Comp Plan is more than adequate, not to say that we can't make
some revisions to that to update it somewhat. What I'd suggest to Staff is
so we don't as a Council sit here and try to wordsmith everything, as you're
taking very good notes. I've been watching. If I could suggest—I want
Council Members to concur with this hopefully—that where you hear
consensus that you try to help us with that language or direction to the CAC
so that we're not up here wordsmithing all evening. Where you see that
there is a diversion of opinion, if you could ask us questions about that to
see if we can come to consensus. Otherwise, send it to the CAC to try to
reconcile that. If my colleagues are in agreement with that, I hope they will
speak up when it's their turn to speak. I agree with a lot of what's been said
about not exacerbating the jobs-housing imbalance by expanding our office
development. That includes actually through the State Density Bonus Law.
Right now, you can get more office space for providing inadequate housing
units. We need to correct that. I'm actually a fan of co-op housing which
we don't have in this community which can address some smaller units,
especially for seniors. At least in this current climate, it addresses some
social aspects too. If you have common places to gather, common places to
prepare food or get your meals, it can help keep us in social environments
where, for various reasons, both the seniors and those of all ages actually
who tend to be too much using their thumbs, not maybe socializing as much
as would be healthy. Unit size, small unit size and impacts on schools, yes.
I will take anybody who speaks for housing production a whole lot more
seriously if you also talk about loss of housing units, because we lose
housing units on various properties in town. Somebody will demolish a site
that has more units and create larger, less expensive units that replace
them. I'll take anybody a lot more seriously if you start also addressing
that. Someone mentioned homeless and unhoused plus services, absolutely
agree with that. That's one of the things that was mentioned in the Healthy
City Healthy Community Resolution.           That should be incorporated.
Something I should say about co-op housing and smaller units also. One of
the things we have to do is look at not just covering every square inch of
land that we have here, but smaller units. Co-op units, for instance, could
                                                                         Page 63 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
