                          TRANSCRIPT
to prepare written Findings that would come back to you. We do need some
specificity. I've heard specificity when it comes to studying circulation
patterns and how that affects traffic in the alley. I've heard specificity about
referring to the HRB and looking at this analysis of historical context, and
then the shadow analysis. In terms of those of you who are concerned
about compatibility, if we could get to the specific issues you'd like us to
capture in written Findings, that will be important.

Mayor Holman: I think we have some meat to add to that.

Council Member Burt: First, I have a process question, then I think I’m
ready to propose a Motion. If we do Option Number three, which is continue
the appeal and request additional studies, we need to give guidance to ARB
and Staff to go to HRB, but we don't have to do the same record of findings
as we would with a project denial. Correct?

Ms. Silver: Yes, that's correct. Of course, when you're giving direction to
HRB and ARB, the more information you can provide to them would be very
helpful.

Council Member Burt: Absolutely.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to continue the appeal and request additional studies and redesign
that would address the following:

A.    Greater respect for the context-based design criteria, Municipal Code
      Section 18.18.110, contextual and compatibility criteria. Have the
      project have a great context, meaning relationships between the site's
      development to adjacent street types; and

B.    Under (a)(2), compatibility. The project return in a way that the
      construction shares general characteristics and establishes design
      linkages with the overall pattern of buildings, so that the visual unity
      of the streets is maintained; and

C.    Compatibility: specifically readdressing the siting, scale and massing
      and to study shadow patterns; and

D.    Under (b)(2), street building façades. The building to return with
      greater reinforcement of the relationship of the street with the building
      mass. The upper floors need to have setback to fit in with the context
      of the neighborhood. Specifically, the look and feel from the street
      should not be of building with more than one floor greater than


                                                                        Page 75 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
