                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman:       Does application completed mean application
approved?

Ms. Silver: No, no.

Council Member Berman: Approved is a step after completed obviously.
You've got incomplete, complete and then approved.

Ms. Silver: Approval comes with the entitlement phase. The first process is
to make sure that they have all of the necessary application prerequisites.
Once that is done, the terminology that we typically use is application
complete. Then we go to the processing of the entitlements. You typically
go to the ARB and the Planning Commission and then Council on appeal.

Council Member Berman: I have a quick question for Council Member Burt.
As written up, it says that you had proposed exempt projects in the pipeline,
I'm assuming, since 2013 or '14 which are complete. Is that what you had
meant to say?

Council Member Burt: Yes. It should have read "in which the application is
complete."

Council Member Berman: I'm going to vote against the substitute motion
and encourage the maker of the original motion to accept Council Member
Burt's amendment.

Council Member Kniss: I need to unravel this a bit. I would have seconded
this. The substitute motion, "where it has received project approval by July
1st" works for me. That's where I am.

Council Member Scharff: I could support Council Member Burt's amendment
as well. We have to be clear what we're doing. I would vote for this if this
said "are complete by July 1st." That would be completely fine with me.
What this says is "approved." This is more restrictive in a large way than
Council Member Burt's. This pulls it back to the only project on this list is
either 2555 Park Boulevard or 441 Page Mill. Those would be the only ones
you'd be approving in the pipeline if you voted for this substituted motion. I
will amend the substitute motion and see if we can change it to "are
complete by July 1, 2015."

Mayor Holman: You mean applications complete?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, the application is complete.

Mayor Holman:     That's what Council Member Burt had offered as an
amendment, right?
                                                                       Page 94 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
