                          TRANSCRIPT
see them more and more on the road these days. It's not that we have to
subsidize anything to do with purchases of cars; that is done by the market.
There may be a consideration around pricing for electricity to encourage
further penetration of electric usage, and thereby reduce the greenhouse
footprint of the City. That and many other areas in the areas of water
recycling and so on, there's just a lot more to be done. The other thing, just
an aspect of the Fiber to the Premises, it's been obvious to many that it's
not only an efficiency thing and providing what consumers want in the City,
but it also is a greenhouse footprint reducing strategy. The more folks who
are able to communicate effectively from their homes or businesses without
travel, the better off we all are in terms of burning up fuel in order to get
around. It's yet another strategy for us to adopt. Thanks very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Looks like we'll be coming to Council Members
now for questions and consideration of the points that have been mentioned
this evening and the ones that are lined out in the Staff Report that was
worked on with the Chair and Vice Chair and the Commission in terms of
what topics they would like to have addressed. Council Members.

Council Member Kniss: If I could pick up on what John Melton just said. He
talked about it going back 11 years; it goes back 20 years, John. That's
when we first had a website. Your point is so well taken; if we're going to do
it, do it. If not, let's absolutely let whatever company may come in. Some
company will come in. There'll be absolutely no question. As you've said,
Google is going in a whole variety of different directions. They certainly
have made impacts in a variety of places. One of the cities that we've talked
about but haven't really discussed recently is Chattanooga which has made
theirs very effective in a variety of different ways in addition to having some
emergency response pieces to it as well. That is absolutely what we need to
take up with a real sense of purpose. I'm glad you mentioned it in particular
tonight, because we need to be reminded all the time that that's out there
and in play. Thanks, and thanks for everything you've all done who are
going off as well.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd like to just follow up on a comment that Chair
Foster made about governance. Utilities is a funny part of the City for us. It
makes up half the Budget, but our daily life with the utilities is very limited.
The issues that come in utilities are usually major capital investments over
time that necessitate a broad perspective on the issues, the five years we've
come to the five-year forecast in the future. It's very hard when utility
issues come to the Council in spotty ways to be able to draw on the
expertise that the UAC does. I have urged many times that you produce
verbatim minutes. I have noted that to watch a UAC meeting takes three
hours and, if you have the verbatim minutes, maybe in 20 minutes you can

04/20/2015                                                              117- 272
