                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman agreed to allow public speakers three minutes.

Vice Mayor Schmid recommended adding 20 minutes to the discussion, such
that it would end at 9:35 P.M.

Steven Baker commented that the proposal attempted to limit job growth
because Palo Alto apparently had too many jobs and too much development.
The issues should be addressed through increased impact fees,
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) strategies or additional public
transit. Office growth should not be capped.

Tiffany Griego, Stanford Research Park, shared quotes from Research Park
tenants regarding business growth.       The proposed cap would have
unintended consequences that would compromise the ability to attract
companies that created long-term economic viability.      Research Park
companies were willing to mitigate any negative impacts that their growth
could cause.

Whitney McNair, Stanford University Land Use and Environmental Planning
Senior Associate Director, expressed concern that the effort to implement
interim measures was rushed and without proper supporting analysis. A
one-size-fits-all approach would be ill advised. Tools other than a growth
cap were available.

David Van Atta did not see any evidence that a cap in and of itself would
lead to resolution of problems. The Staff Report was extremely well done in
laying out the complexities of the issues. The Council should first identify
the problem, and then determine how to resolve it with workable and fair
solutions.

Jean McCown, Stanford University, encouraged the Council not to take
precipitous actions regarding Citywide development caps or interim
measures without first defining the problems.         After considerable
engagement and consideration, the City adopted the Downtown CAP in 1985
and the Citywide Land Use and Transportation Study Limit in 1989. Those
programs achieved their intended effects.

Norman Beamer remarked that banning new office space should be the
underlying theme of Council deliberations. In formulating policy, the Council
should demand TDM Programs, demand adequate parking, eliminate
exceptions to current zoning, and impose development fees to discourage
development.

Bob Moss stated that traffic, parking, and jobs/housing imbalance issues
would continue even if no more office space was built. Every 1,000 square

02/09/2015                                                            116- 469
