                         TRANSCRIPT
I'm here to represent all them. To ask you please have mercy and let us
stay there. Please help us to save our homes. Please. That's what I want to
say. Thank you so much. Have a good evening. I love you.

Samina Faheem Sundas: Good evening, everyone. We have been here
many times, again and again and again, with the same request. Please save
these kids' homes. All of us are parents. What would we go tell our
children? That we took away somebody's home? My most desire has been
for Palo Alto, so Palo Alto can be more compassionate and kind and loving
City. We have all the riches. We are the best City. People have desire to
live here, one of the best cities. The best thing we could do for our next
generation is to keep these people here, so they can learn there are other
people who are not born with silver spoon. There are people who are
working hard day in, day out. With the community's support, with the City's
support, they can make it out in one of the best cities. Everybody has
already talked about schooling is so important. These parents, if you know
them, they work two and three jobs. The best safety net they have is their
children's school and a good community, good libraries, good parks. Please
save this. Rich people can get richer anywhere. Help these people who
need our help. Thank you.

Robert Aguirre: Thank you very much for allowing me the time to come and
speak to you today. I would like to remind everybody of how this nation got
started. Twenty four thousand worth of beads and an island was purchased,
the island of Manhattan. The inhabitants were moved off and told to move
further west. Then the Alleghenies became the border, then the Ohio River,
the Brazos River, the Colorado River. Now we find ourselves at the Pacific
Ocean. We've pushed people out of their homes time and time again. When
will this end? I ask you now to consider the possibility of instead of moving
people away, welcome them.          Bring them in.       Invite the diversity.
Understand that we are a group of people that is composed of many
different types of people with many different cultures. We can all benefit
from those cultures including the people that don't have what we have, the
people that struggle everyday to fight for what little they have. I represent
a large majority of people that are homeless. I think one of my biggest
problems that I have to face today is keeping people from becoming
homeless, because it's a heartless situation that they're forced into. When
you take people out of their communities, where they live right now and
their homes are only worth that $24 and you push them out and you turn it
into what Manhattan is today, you have robbed a large number of people.
For what? For profit, for the profit of few. I suggest that you search your
souls, check your priorities, your privilege, where you came from and what
you have and look at the people that are there that you're trying to displace
and understand that they're an important part of our culture, a part of our
                                                                        Page 9 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/26/15
