                          TRANSCRIPT
also allow for more open space, more common open space. It makes for a
more livable environment, and it also creates a better natural environment
for a variety of reasons, provision for trees and plantings, habitat, that sort
of thing. Agree with the comments no housing east of 101. That's an area
subject to liquefaction. It's not an appropriate area for housing. We actually
need to have application of greater setbacks in keeping with the openness of
the natural environment there. I would hope that, as a part of this
discussion—I know they're integrated. For me, it'd be great to create more
housing units. I'm certainly not opposed to that; I actually support it
depending on what it is, where it is and the design of it. I'll get to that in a
moment. I think our biggest issue is transportation when it comes to
housing. It used to be and has been until the last sort of recent period in
time that someone might choose to live in a more remote area because they
wanted to have a four or five-bedroom home and a larger piece of land, and
they could commute to work here. I'm not promoting commuting like that,
but given that we don't have good options, now it's actually become
prohibitive because of the transit time that it takes. It just exacerbates the
pressure that we have on creating housing here, so people don't have to
commute because the commute is intolerable. For me, it's like we have to
do more to solve the traffic and transportation issues. Good luck on that
one. Help us all please. Design and integration. I won't name the
organization; you'll probably figure it out. Someone asked me not long
ago—a few years ago actually, why I thought that affordable housing
projects were not favorably received in the community. I think it's because
they are too often—Oak Court is a wonderful example to the contrary—
presented as large, monolithic, dense-appearing projects. You can actually
provide a lot more housing in a lot more compatible manner than what we
usually think of. The same thing is true of office. The same thing is true of
any kind of development. We have too wide a street frontage, and the
appearance is not what Palo Alto is up to or should be up to. With that, I
will move to a second round. If we could do a couple of things, a couple or
three things here. If we could address L-8 first, Policy L-8 first in your
comments. Hopefully we can do these both in the next five-minute round.
Address both Policy L-8, and make it discrete, and any other policy and
goals that you want to address in that time period. Also if you would
comment on whether you are in agreement with—I tell you what. If you
don't disagree, it will be presumed that you'll agree with Staff ferreting out
the consensus comments that are made and incorporating that into our
goals and visions, so that we don't have to wordsmith everything. Is that
agreeable to Staff? Is that a reasonable approach?

Mr. Dennis: That sounds great. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I have lights from DuBois, Burt, Filseth. Tom.
                                                                         Page 64 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
