                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Hillary.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Holman, Council Member Burt. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I do recall when we had the discussion about the fee for single-
story overlays, there was a discussion of conservation districts and other
approaches to regulating the design or the scale in single-family
neighborhoods. I don't believe there was any specific direction that came
out of that discussion to take any additional steps. We could certainly do
that and look at that as a separate planning effort or in the context of the
Comp Plan Update; although, that Comp Plan Update is getting loaded down
with a lot of zoning changes and initiatives right now. I don't know that
crafting new text for a new form of overlay district—I'm not sure that that
would be the most efficient way to accomplish that result.

Council Member Burt: The Comp Plan isn't necessarily where we would craft
text for a zoning district. That's where we would have a zoning ordinance
update that maybe would be subsequent to the plan. In my mind, the Comp
Plan is very much the point in time at which we would consider policies such
as this, and we think about them on a longer-term horizon. I think that's
precisely the place. I guess I'm trying to understand when Council—we had
a number of Council Members who spoke on that issue. I'm concerned that
under the present intention, there's no plan to even include it in the Comp
Plan discussion. I don't want things to get lost. Just because we may have
sentiments on the Council to explore something, it certainly doesn't mean
that we're saying that's a direction to adopt it. When we have a Comp Plan
discussion, I would assume that that would enter into it. I'm concerned that
it had completely gone away from Planning Department consideration in an
argument that the Comp Plan discussion is too full to consider it. I don't
agree with that.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can. Of course, we can consider this in
the context of the Comp Plan Update. I'll have to go back and review the
minutes from this discussion about the single-story overlay fee. However, I
don't believe the Council as a whole took a direction related to that.

Council Member Burt: I just said that they didn't. I didn't claim that they
had.

Mayor Holman: I will very happily be supporting the motion. If I might
speak to the Comprehensive Plan just for a moment. The Comprehensive
Plan already, if I might—I can't quote you the chapter and verse of where
it's located. The Comprehensive Plan does pretty clearly indicate that the
City should recognize the uniqueness and distinct character of Palo Alto's

                                                                         Page 18 of 71
                                                          City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 11/9/15
