                         TRANSCRIPT

when you have an ordinance proposed for you focusing issues on
environmental review that somehow projects that go for preliminary review
for the ARB should be exempt when preliminary review applications before
the ARB can only happen when there's not an actual project application
already filed. It's the actual project application that would contain the
environmental review. The maker and seconder of the motion made it clear
at the beginning that this is for developers, then sort of covering themselves
and said it's also good for everybody. Really this is putting in the public
view what often happens outside public view, which is developers talking to
Council Members about projects outside of the public hearing process that
takes places when there is an environmental assessment available for the
project which would inform the Council and the public. Also, removing the
possibility of a two-step process having your advice from the Planning
Commission and others, which are there to give you advice on
environmental issues, is a backwards approach. In sense, I guess I can
make an analogy with your election of Mayor and Vice Mayor. For a long
time, votes would occur for Mayor and Vice Mayor, whether it's one ballot or
46 ballots, and there was very little talk on the Council about why people are
voting for anybody. Then there was concern, how can you have nine to
nothing votes unless it was decided ahead of time outside of the Council
chambers. Now we have these elaborate, I don't know if they're charades,
but we have nominations and seconds and speeches and Council Members
saying things. Miraculously, the same thing happens then as happens
outside when you didn't have those things. I suspect the same thing here.
What the developers gain here is that they're pinning you down in public
with commitments you made to them or would have made to them if they're
having private meetings with you. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:02 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.          Would City Attorney care to respond to
questions or comments?

Ms. Stump: Maybe just to clarify that the ARB reference in the revised
ordinance that we brought forward just clarifies that if there is already a
prescreening before the ARB, then it would not participate also in the
voluntary part of the Council prescreening. The mandatory section is the
same.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.



                                                                        Page 41 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
