                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Is that noted somewhere in the report? That causes
these bars to be a ten-X increase from one year to another.

Mr. Yuan: We'll note that next year.

Council Member Burt: My next question is for Rob. On page 19, the lower
left graph shows from roughly the 2012 timeframe, '12-'13, a cut in half in
the number of participants in teen programs. Do we know what to attribute
that to?

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director:           Good evening, Council
Members. Rob de Geus, Director of Community Services. This relates to
Mitchell Park, not having Mitchell Park Center open. We'll see that trend go
significantly the other way going forward.

Council Member Burt: When we say teen programs, are these the ongoing
programs that are a continuation over weeks or months of a given program?

Mr. de Geus: That's correct.

Council Member Burt: My next question is on page 24, transportation. One
is on the upper left graph. It compares City shuttle boardings. The left
vertical column appears to be boardings per year. On the right is Caltrain
boardings per day. They're both accurate, but it would be more meaningful
for us to have a sense of comparing daily boardings or annual boardings of
these two methods, rather than one annual and the other daily. It compares
a number of around 300 on the shuttle to 60-something hundred per day on
Caltrain. The other thing is on the Citizen Survey. I'm on page 8. This is
another one where just a note that the changes in responses looked to be
greater than the statistical margin of error. I'm looking at availability of
affordable quality healthcare and preventative healthcare services. They
both changed around 10 percentage points. I would suspect that we haven't
had much at all of a change in the community on what was actually
available.

Ms. Richardson:     Part of that might be because we surveyed more
respondents. Depending on the areas where we had a higher response in
the south, that would affect part of that this year. I would guess it might. I
can't explain completely why it would be larger than the margin of error.
You would expect it generally to be within that statistic.

Council Member Burt: I put that as a heads-up. There are a few places
where something's looking like it's not likely, but hard to tell for sure.
Overall, thank you very much. It's very informative and we'll keep using it
throughout the year.
                                                                       Page 17 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
