                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: On tonight's Staff Report on Page 198 of the packet
or Page 9 of the Staff Report is that table. That's the $1.7 million in City
salary and benefit costs. Are we saying that the previous number did not
include those costs?

Mr. Eggleston: That's correct. That's one of the significant changes to the
CIP document this year. In past years, we attempted to show the salary and
benefits associated with the projects just for the first year of the five-year
plan. This is the first time where we've tried to allocate those costs
throughout the entire five years. Now, you're able to see both for prior
years actual costs and for the projected future years the full salaries and
benefits amounts.

Council Member Burt: In one sense, the construction costs, essentially the
hard costs, for design and construction have not changed from the
budgetary limit that we had?

Mr. Eggleston: They haven't changed in the sense that they have not been
updated. The last direction from the Council, when we came to you with the
results of the design competition, was to select the low profile bridge, and
then to go and try to vet that design as to its constructability and also as to
the potential cost implications. We're still working on that. When we've
come to the Council, we have been pointing out that the $10 million total
budget that we're looking at was based on a 2012 estimate, very limited
information on designs that would help us come to a number that we could
truly justify, that would be based on engineering.

Council Member Burt: I'm going back on my recollection of the discussions
around this. My recollection is that our direction was to have designs that fit
within that budget limitation. The anticipation, based upon the preliminary
designs and the submittals and the peer reviews of those submittal, is that
they would do that. I'm concerned that it's sounding like we're anticipating
that the cost of this is going to be higher than that budgeted amount for the
hard costs and potentially significantly higher. When this first came to us—
what, a year and a half ago—and when we reviewed it again several months
ago, each of those times I raised this particular issue of whether we're going
to make the bridge costs fit within our budget or we're going to expand the
budget to reflect a design. Each time, I believe, I was assured that we were
going to make the bridge cost fit within the budget. I don't know where we
stand on this. I don't know how much of that vetting the Finance Committee
did on this subject. Am I correct in understanding that you're expressing
skepticism as to whether the costs will fit within the $10 million hard costs
budget?


                                                                         Page 37 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
