                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: City Attorney.

Ms. Stump: Council Members, nothing about the prescreening process
exempts any applicant from going through the mandatory steps in our Code.
There's also another voluntary process for ARB pre-review. I think what we
would simply say is that use of this process is available and use of this
process does not preclude an applicant who wishes to also use the ARB pre-
review from doing so subsequent.

Council Member Burt: We have two choices. One that's clear. It's not
really a choice. If they elected this process, they would still have to go
through the mandatory ARB. Then we have a second question that we
should be considering. If they chose this process, would they still have at
their discretion to subsequently go through the ARB prescreening. We really
haven't talked about that yet.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Picking up off of what Council Member Burt was
just pointing out and this discussion. I certainly think it is important that we
don't preclude opportunities for City bodies to review projects as they come
forward. I want to make sure we don't preclude opportunities for projects to
get an early public hearing and public airing. I want to make sure that
we've heard from the City Attorney that City Staff will come back with
clarifying language. This is essentially a first reading tonight. If it's not
really changing the substance, it's just clarifying the language, it could
probably come back on Consent and not add to our agenda. Just some
clarifying language around that Item 3 at the bottom of page 3. Correct?

Ms. Stump: That's correct. We would make that small change and also add
Mayor Holman's language on second reading, and it would come back on
Consent. Council could always pull it off if you were not happy with the
language.

Council Member Wolbach: Procedurally, we have clarity about what our next
steps are with this ordinance. I appreciate that. I want to make sure that
Staff is clear. If we need to make any more amendments to the motion, let
us know. If any of my colleagues disagree, as Council Member Burt said,
maybe we haven't discussed this enough. Again, my position is we don't
want this process, this voluntary process, to preclude either mandatory or
still optional review by other City bodies including ARB. As far as Mayor
Holman's amendment which was accepted, I guess I'm okay with it. If an

                                                                          Page 51 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
