                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I'm hearing rumblings to my left. They want to address the
pipeline tonight or take a crack at it.

Council Member Kniss: If I may speak. What Hillary has suggested is a
good idea. From my careful look at that pipeline, it is in constant flux.
There are three incompletes that are important. I would certainly be fine
waiting. There's no grumbling coming from me about that.

Council Member Burt: We had Staff recommendation on the pipeline on the
PowerPoint presentation page 14. If we think we would have consensus
around that, then we can move forward. If we're going to have debate, I'd
be fine with punting it.

Mayor Holman: Are you proposing that as a motion and see where we get
with it in short order?

Council Member Burt: I think so. I'm trying to think it through. As I think
about it, I might lean toward seeing what comes forward and giving it more
thought. That's where I’m leaning right now.

Council Member Scharff: I am troubled by the notion of people who put in
their application in 2013 or 2014. I'm not that troubled by 2015. They've
been at this for a couple of years. The reasons an application may be
incomplete or complete vary. I wanted to get a sense from Director
Gitelman of are they sitting on it, not moving it forward, are there real
reasons why it's not complete.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question. Again, this table in the Staff
Report is as of March 31st. I know for a fact that two of the applications
that are shown here as incomplete are now complete.

Council Member Scharff: Which ones are those?

Ms. Gitelman: The two on Park Boulevard. I think it's 2747 and 3045. Of
course, the 255 Park has been approved. 441 Page Mill, we're going to
discuss later. I'd have to look at the rest of these and see what their current
status is.

Council Member Scharff: 2747 Park, you said is complete.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff:      Obviously 255, because that came before us.
3045, is that complete?

Ms. Gitelman: That's complete.
                                                                        Page 86 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
