                            MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid remarked that the proposal forced each Council Member
to take a public position of whether he had sufficient information to move
into a Closed Session. The Mayor should have the prerogative to impose a
time limit of 1 minute for Council Member comments.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to amend Council Procedures to require that Council vote before
going into Closed Sessions.

Council Member Kniss felt the proposal was a good idea. Council Member
Berman and she had not voted on any item regarding John Arrillaga.

Council Member Burt advised that the proposal would cause the Council to
be thoughtful and affirmative before moving into Closed Session.     He
expected it would result in fewer Closed Sessions.

James Keene, City Manager, added that the proposal would be an
improvement of current practice and another advance in the City's focus on
open government. The City of San Francisco was the only other jurisdiction
requiring a vote to move into Closed Session.

Mayor Holman inquired whether a vote for Closed Session and the Closed
Session be on the same Agenda.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, replied yes. The Closed Session Agenda Item
would state vote to go into Closed Session. Normally that would occur with
no comment and in less than 1 minute.

Mr. Keene presumed the majority of the time the Closed Session would be
held in the same meeting as the vote.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.   Policy and Services Recommendation to Adopt an Ordinance Increasing
      Council Salary From $600/Month to $1,000/Month Effective January 1,
      2017.

Council Member Kniss reported nearly 15 years had passed since the Council
gave itself a raise. Council Members performed an enormous amount of
community service for little compensation. The public seemed to believe
that Council service required members to be retired, wealthy, self-employed,
or single. The amount of time required for Council service had caused
Council Members to resign. For women in particular, service on the Council
was difficult.



01/20/2015                                                           216- 353
