                           TRASNCRIPT
do a pretty detailed analysis of walkability with this map showing in darker
brown the distance of a quarter mile walking along the streets, paths and
sidewalks from every park. In the yellow, a half mile. In the white, the
areas that are beyond that. This is one of the points of analysis that we
were using as we walked through this to identify where there are
opportunities looking forward. This filtering process really continues now
with shaping and forming those recommended actions, the potential actions
of this Plan that will start to flesh out the specific direction that this Plan will
go in. With that, I will pass it back over to you.

Ms. Schmitt: That brings us to the Plan framework. We have been with the
PRC over the last six months to really evaluate what does all this data mean,
what does it tell us about where this community wants to see itself in the
future, and how the park system can be even greater. With that, we've
crafted these seven principles that pull out of all those things that the
community members, that the PRC, that you as Council have told us and
distilled them down to these principles. How these will be used is to help us
guide and shape the recommended actions. That's right where we are today
and why it's really, we think, very important and the PRC thought it was
very important to check in with you. We feel like we've landed on these
principles about the future park system that really align and are reflective of
where the community wants to go, but it's time to check in and see what all
of you think and also if you have any additional feedback. Where this will
take us next is as we shape these recommended actions, we'll then have a
prioritization step. These criteria have been drafted, again, with the PRC.
Right now, some of you may have gotten an email blast today inviting you to
participate in the community prioritization challenge, which is another online
opportunity. Earlier today, I mean, that blast went out today and people are
eager to weigh in here. We've already heard from over 100 people about
how they feel about where their own personal priorities are. That along with
an upcoming community workshop will help the sequencing, the timing,
what goes first, how much to focus in one area versus another. All of that
will be reflected in the final draft Plan, which we're targeting to have later
this fall.

Mr. de Geus: That concludes our brief presentation. We pass it back to
Council for questions, comments on the presentation specifically for our MIG
consultants or for the Staff that are here. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. With that we have two speakers. Keith
Reckdahl as Chair of Parks and Rec, I'd appreciate any comments you have
to make.



                                                                            Page 17 of 127
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 8/31/15
