                         TRANSCRIPT
and how many members of that and exactly how it would line up. People
are reading into this more than we intended. We tried to articulate those
areas of expertise that the City Manager would be looking for in appointing
members. We did envision 17 appointed voting members and three ex
officio members. We wanted to make sure it was balanced in terms of
geographic distribution and that we captured people who had an interest or
an expertise in all of the topics that we listed including those that are of
importance to the speakers who just spoke. There aren't four of this and
three of that. It's much broader than that.

James Keene, City Manager: If I might add. Typically when we're looking at
this sort of thing, we don't assume that every person is a single
representative. People do fulfill multiple roles.

Council Member Scharff: If you could just remind me, with the committee
and without the committee, what's the difference in getting the Comp Plan
done? What's the timing change?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. We've been concerned
all along that having a committee might elongate the schedule. With the
proposed charter that we've articulated here, we're comfortable that it won't
be a dramatic shift. There will be an additional level of effort required to
support this committee. I do anticipate that the consultant will come back
to us and say, "We weren't expecting this. We need to augment our
proposal." In terms of the timeframe involved, we're at this point hoping,
based on the Council's last discussion, that the committee would help us
drive this towards conclusion and that that wouldn't be a concern.

Council Member Scharff: Maybe I didn't make myself clear. When we did
the Housing Element, for instance, we had a Housing Element Committee.
They made recommendations; we looked at it. They then made other
recommendations on another thing. We looked at it. Are you going to
check in with the Council after each committee meeting or similarly after
that? What I don't want to have happen is the committee goes forward and
does a whole plan; we get the plan; we then rip it to shreds; and the
committee says, "How do they feel about that?" One of the things I liked
about the Housing Element Committee, or the citizen advisory, is that they
would make recommendations on certain discrete pieces. They would then
come to us on the RHNA Committee. We would take a look at it, give our
feedback. It was more of an interactive process as opposed to we get
something, we don't know if they've gone in the right direction, we don't
know if we're unhappy with it. I'm a little concerned about that issue. Could
you address that?


                                                                      Page 105 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
