                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Guardino: Great, okay. I was a political science major, so again we are
...

Council Member Scharff:    I thought you'd be uniquely qualified to answer
this.

Mr. Guardino: Yes, the only true science is political science. Both of them
need a two-thirds vote. For the County, that's four out of five votes. For
the VTA, that's eight out of twelve votes. As an organization, we're agnostic
about who places a measure on the ballot as long as it's a systems approach
with good improvements worth our tax dollars with specificity and
accountability provisions built in. We will not support a simple majority
vote, that is a General Fund, that's "over 30 years, trust us we'll do
something with it." We won't go that route. Those are our stakes in the
ground. We think they're reasonable stakes in the ground. Whether it's the
County who puts it on—they put on our measures that we led in '84 and
'96—or the VTA who put it on for our measures in 2000 and 2008, it doesn't
matter to us.

Council Member Scharff: At least one Supervisor has suggested adding
housing to the mix here. I'm not sure the other Supervisors were there
when I heard about it. The question I have is have you been polling on
individuals or VTA or the Supervisor adding those kind of different things in
when you talked about the weakest link.

Mr. Guardino: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: Glad to hear it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Mr. Guardino: Hello, sir. It's nice to meet you.

Council Member DuBois: Hi. Going late, I think you touched on a lot of my
questions. My number one question was this last one when you touched
on—I mean, how will it be determined whether it's VTA or the County
Supervisors? Is it whoever votes first?

Mr. Guardino: It's kind of fun to be courted, perhaps, by two different
suitors. It is unclear to us whether or not the Board of Supervisors would,
one, want to put on a measure, whether that would be a pure transportation
measure. Remember 50.5 billion in need, less than 6 billion in revenue. A
lot to do there. Or if they would want some portion to also be for housing of
some type. It's unclear to us, and it's unclear if they did, whether they
would have four votes. Policymakers are going to have to decide that at
                                                                      Page 84 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
