                         TRANSCRIPT
that Staff suggested. One of the things I was thinking we might do is try
and get some agreement on some things. I'm wondering if I make a motion
on one of these items, maybe that'll build some consensus. Projects that
add less 2,000 square feet of office space shall not be included.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss that projects generating less than 2,000 square feet of net new office
space will be exempt from the Development Cap.

Council Member Scharff: Staff's right. We shouldn't be arguing over if it's
1,000 feet or 1,500 feet. There should be a small project exemption. If you
add 2,000 square feet or you build a small office building of 2,000 square
feet, that shouldn't get you involved in our office cap. I'm going to suggest
that we go with the 2,000.

Council Member Kniss: You did a fine job.

Mayor Holman: Can we vote on the board? Thank you, Council Member
Scharff. That passes on a unanimous vote with Council Member DuBois not
participating.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

Council Member Kniss: Since Greg attacked the under 2,000 square feet—
I'm on page 11 of the Staff recommendation. This involves applying the
annual limit to research and development, administrative office services,
medical offices which is what a couple of you have spoken to already, and a
professional office. I'm going to presume again that is the definition that
you've given us in the past. Director Gitelman, am I correct?

Ms. Gitelman: The definitions are in the Staff Report for research and
development, administrative office, general business office, medical office
and professional office.

Council Member Kniss: I'm reading just what you wrote in there. A
professional office is going to be presumably—I don't know precisely what
we're going to call a professional other than medical, but perhaps we're
talking of some kind of other services, scholastic services, something like
that, a place where tutoring would be done. Is that the kind of thing we're
meaning?




                                                                      Page 61 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
