                         TRASNCRIPT
dedicated parkland; and direct Staff to return to the Parks and Rec
Commission to finalize a recommendation to Council on how to use the 7.7-
acre parcel after the hydrology study is complete; and direct Staff to
evaluate the impacts of the recommendation to Council and the Acterra
nursery lease which includes a provision allowing for termination of the lease
with a 90-day notification; and direct Staff to return within three months
after the completion of the hydrology study for options to make the parkland
open to the public. Vote on the board please. That passes on an 8-0 vote,
Council Member Kniss absent. Thank you, colleagues.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

14.   Comprehensive Plan Update:        Comprehensive Plan Structure and
      Goals/Vision Statements for Each Element (Part I: Community
      Services & Facilities and Transportation Elements).

15.   Appointment of Five Additional Members to the Comprehensive Plan
      Update Citizens Advisory Committee.

Mayor Holman: A couple of points of business here. One is that for Item
Number 15, which again is now being taken up first, the City Clerk is going
to provide ballots. Anticipate that we'll be going through a few ballots. City
Clerk, if you want to make any comments or I can ask Council Members first
for their thoughts. Council Member Berman, you had asked previously what
our process would be for the voting. A couple of thoughts are that people
who get no votes would not go forward to a second round. Potentially,
people who get one vote would not go forward to a second round, given how
many candidates we have. Since you asked the question earlier, I'll give the
floor to you to make any recommendations that you might want or ask any
questions you might want to, to inform us on your persuasion.

Council Member Berman: I have no recommendations, but thank you. I
guess one question I'd have is what is the goal to—what does somebody
need to get automatically chosen?

Mayor Holman: The goal is to get five people appointed, and they need five
votes to get appointed.

Council Member Berman: Yes, and they need five votes. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Just like any Board or Commission. Correct, City Attorney?
You haven't had a chance to say anything. I just thought I'd throw you
something. Anyone would need five votes.

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible)
                                                                       Page 62 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
