                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: We can look that up. If it were CC(2) it would have been hatched
in that area. It could be CN. I can pull up the map and get more
information on that.

Council Member DuBois: A lot of that's already retail on both sides of the
street. The last page of your presentation ...

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry, I misspoke. CS.

Council Member DuBois: ... you had a slide showing parts of 18.16.050,
maybe the appendix of your presentation. There's a lot of clauses and
exceptions for ground-floor retail; you listed a couple. I was curious why
you listed these particular ones.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. I was trying to fit a
lengthy section onto one PowerPoint slide. That section is, I don't know.
Coming in as an outsider, it looks like it was drafted late at night by a
committee.    It's long and complicated.      I think it's a result of that
examination of the retail issue Citywide back in 2001. It creates a set of
exceptions that apply in the commercial districts. The most notable is to the
CS district. We can talk more about it at length if you'd like to.

Council Member DuBois:        When we get to comments, I share some
concerns. There's a lot of interesting exceptions.

Ms. Gitelman: As we start looking Citywide at our commercial districts,
we're starting tonight with Cal. Ave., but the Council's intention as
expressed when you discussed the Urgency Ordinance was to look at all the
commercial districts. There's an opportunity to reexamine that section and
try and clean it up.

Council Member DuBois:      On the formula retail, you mentioned some
examples of other cities. Could you talk a little bit about if you're familiar
with discretionary processes, whether they're CUP or not, that other cities
use?

Mr. Lait: What I recall is that most of them have different terminologies, but
the process is essentially the same. There's a planning commission or a
zoning administrator that reviews a use permit or, in our case, a conditional
use permit, the Director would look at that. Where there was discretion
imposed, it was usually some kind of a reviewing authority to do that with
findings that we've included in that one attachment for how you might
assess whether it gets approved or does not get approved.



                                                                        Page 45 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
