                         TRANSCRIPT
getting that done in a reasonable time period. I would suggest maybe that
the committee could make a lot of progress on the goals and bring it back to
the Council. That would be my remaining concern.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The goals would come after the discussion of issues and
choices and measures. Is that ...

Council Member Scharff: Before I make a decision, I'd like to hear from
Council Member Burt, who often adds interesting stuff to this.

Council Member Burt: One of the problems is that this says that the Council
is going to set the visions statements and goals. We're closer to being able
to do that on vision statements; although, I'm not sure that we want to set
them in advance. It may be iterative. We may think we've got it, and then
we listen to them, and then we modify it. I would change this to something
to the effect of "according to Comp Plan vision statement and goal guidance
by the Council" as opposed to "set."

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I think that captures the intent pretty well.

Council Member Burt: It doesn't bind us to do the goals in advance, and it
doesn't prohibit an iterative process.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, it sounds like that's acceptable?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Delete the word "set."

Council Member Burt: And replace it with "guidance."

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, are you okay with that now?

Council Member Scharff: Yep, I'm okay with it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part 3, “CAC will work on
policies and programs according to Comprehensive Plan Vision Statements
and Goals set by City Council” with “The Council will address critical issues,
choices, options, and measures and provide guidance to the CAC who will
work on policies and programs according to the Comprehensive Plan vision
statement and goal guidance by the Council.”

Council Member Burt: Along the lines of what Hillary had talked about, as
we go into a Council discussion around refining the vision statements and
discussion around goals, a Saturday morning half-day is not only the amount
of time but the right setting to do this. It's a conversation that we're going
to have thoughtfully and not rushed. I would suggest that; it doesn't have
                                                                       Page 115 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
