                             MINUTES
element of mitigation assistance. The Council was attempting to change the
process and procedure of the Ordinance. She did not believe the Council
could amend the Ordinance in the current stage of the process.

Council Member Filseth asked if she thought that was an unreasonable
request.

Ms. Nanda answered yes. The discussion would not be occurring if the park
owner had not agreed to update the appraisals. The appraisals and the
methodology had been available to opposing counsel and the Residents
Association since the beginning of the process. The purpose of the hearing
was not to rewrite the Ordinance to allow residents a process to oppose
appraisals. A process for appeal of appraisals did not address the sufficiency
of mitigation assistance.

Ms. Aziz agreed with including Section (c). Allowing the Hearing Officer to
make a final decision was reasonable. Section 9.076.030(B) specifically
allowed the City to require conditions on approval adopted by the City. That
was also noted in Section 9.076.050. A Hearing Officer could do that as
well. If the Hearing Officer had that discretion, then the Council had that
discretion.

Council Member Filseth felt the Council disagreed with the park owner
regarding whether a mechanism for appeal of the appraisal value was
available to residents.

Council Member Wolbach referred to Page 22 of the Hearing Officer's
decision regarding an administrative process for contesting the appraiser's
calculations. That seemed to state that the Council had the discretion to
include a process for appeal of appraiser findings for individuals.     He
requested the attorneys comment on whether that language did or did not
preclude Section (c) of the Motion.       The Council was attempting to
accommodate the concerns of both parties. The language on Page 22
seemed to authorize the Council to include Section (c) in the Motion.

Ms. Nanda believed the Council was discussing complex legal issues, and the
parties should be allowed sufficient time to present their arguments.

Council Member Wolbach concurred with the City Attorney's suggestion for
both parties to provide feedback in writing.

Ms. Aziz also concurred with the parties providing feedback in writing. Both
the Residents Association and park owner suggested the Hearing Officer
retain jurisdiction. The Hearing Officer provided parameters for the City
Council to allow him to retain jurisdiction.
                                                                        Page 35 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
