                         TRANSCRIPT
requirement of material impact or they may tell there isn't one. I don't think
we understand the law as we sit here right now. That's the purpose of Policy
and Services, to vet something like this. I don't see any reason why we
need to engage our legislative advocate right now and why it can't go to
Policy and Services first.

Council Member Berman: I agree with Council Member Scharff. It makes a
lot more sense to vet this and hone it down to better understand how this
impacts Palo Alto and know specifically what changes need to be made as
opposed to having something so broad. I imagine it would be very difficult
to get any legislator's attention to this without it being much more specific
as to the change that we're seeking. It makes a lot more sense to go to
P&S, just like other items are vetted to get a better understanding of what's
happening in Sacramento and what changes we're trying to make. Then ask
our legislative advocate to see if there are any opportunities at that point.

Council Member Wolbach: It sounds like colleagues are talking past each
other a little bit. There may be some confusion about what this language on
the screen means prior to the amendment. My reading of this was not that
we were instructing our legislative advocate to do advocacy. Following what
was suggested by City Attorney, the City Attorney and our legislative
advocate would work together, each separately investigating but also in
coordination, to determine the status quo and whether changes are needed.
Then to come to Policy and Services. That was my understanding of the
motion prior to the amendment. I'm comfortable with that, because my
understanding was it's going to come to Policy and Services. It's right there.
I don't see the need for the amendment. Policy and Services is already kept
in the loop. That was the intention of the maker. He's nodding his head.
I'm not going to support the amendment. It's clear enough. I do agree with
the points made by the maker and seconder of the amendment. When we
do go to our legislators or other legislators and do advocacy, of course we
should have our ducks in a row. I don't think this is putting the cart before
the horse.

Council Member Burt: I agree with Council Member Wolbach. Our City
Attorney understands the nature of the problem and would be able to work
with the legislative advocate. Part a had been modified. The maker and the
seconder of the amendment seem to be speaking to language that's not in
(a). It's not pursuing legislation. That was changed. It's investigate
opportunities. To look at whether there is legislation that's moving forward
or on the horizon, where we might be able to insert the language that we're
seeking. That's what it'd be doing.



                                                                         Page 53 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
