                             MINUTES
Mr. Fiedler believed approximately 250 active private wells were located
within Palo Alto. If those wells were used for the purposes defined by the
District Act, then a groundwater production charge was levied on those
wells.

Council Member Burt inquired whether it was reasonable to state that wells
within Palo Alto consumed only low single digits of the total water consumed
by Santa Clara County.

Mr. Fiedler did not have that information.

Council Member Burt requested Mr. Fiedler obtain that information. The
Water District's basic premise was the City was somehow benefiting from the
recharge in terms of preventing subsidence and the draw. He wanted to
know the degree to which that was so. If one entity received the vast
majority of water from groundwater and another entity received almost no
water, those two things were not equal.

Mr. Fiedler commented that both entities wanted to ensure a reliable
groundwater table. He asked if the City wanted to ensure a reliable water
supply whether it used a lot or a little water.

Council Member Burt would not care equally. He hoped the City and the
Water District could move toward an open, frank, and straightforward
discussion. The City paid equally for the replenishment of the aquifer and
received very little draw from that aquifer. He inquired whether the City had
a potential alternative water supply during a drought.

Mr. Fiedler noted the Water District had an interconnect (intertie) with
SFPUC. In times of need, the Water District could supply water to SFPUC
and vice versa.

Council Member Burt asked if that interconnect was part of the reason for
Palo Alto property taxpayers to pay the State Water Project tax.

Mr. Fiedler indicated that was not necessarily a reason. The question was
whether or not citizens of Palo Alto derived any benefits from having State
Water Project water available in Santa Clara County. That was an example
of a benefit that Palo Alto citizens directly received.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Mr. Fiedler meant the intertie was a
benefit but not a reason to pay the State Water Project tax.

Mr. Fiedler advised that the Staff Report included the Water District
attorney's report about taxes, other sources of revenue, benefit assessments


03/23/2015                                                            117- 119
