                             MINUTES
The base case project offered a net operating income (NOI) of approximately
$950,000 compared with the proposed project of about $1.5 million. That
generated an increase in annual NOI of about $600,000. Development costs
had increased from $15 million to approximately $24 million for an increased
cost of approximately $8 million. When the net operating income was
capitalized to realize a total project value, Kaiser Marston calculated an
incremental value of approximately $9.5 million as compared to the
incremental development cost of approximately $8 million. Kaiser Marston
estimated the net project value was about $1.28 million. The affordable
housing cost, according to the State Density Bonus Law, was $1.85 million.
The incremental value from the three requested concessions was $1.28
million. Because the affordable housing cost exceeded the incremental
value, Kaiser Marston concluded that the three requested off-menu
concessions were required to offset the cost of affordable housing. If the
affordable housing cost had been less than the incremental value, then
Kaiser Marston would have concluded that one or more of the requested
concessions might not be needed.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, advised that the City was
restricted in certain aspects of the project. It was unusual for the State to
impose restrictions in the land-use arena as Palo Alto was a Charter City;
however, the State Density Bonus Law specifically applied to Charter Cities.
Assuming findings could be made and the Applicant fell within its right to
claim concessions, the State Density Law allowed projects that were
inconsistent with local zoning and Comprehensive Plans. The Council could
approve the project with the off-menu concessions as requested. If the
Council wanted additional information or analysis, Staff requested the
Council focus its requests on pro forma data supporting the off-menu
concessions, Design Enhancement Exception (DEE) and parking reduction
exception, and the series of findings contained in the Record of Land Use
Action.

Public Hearing opened at 8:09 P.M.

Norman Schwab, Applicant, reported existing houses on the project site
were in disrepair. He proposed a three-story, mixed-use building. Retail
would be located on the first floor, office on the second floor, and ten
residential units on the third floor. Parking would be contained onsite at-
grade and below-grade and would be consistent with the current Zoning
Code. Proposed residences had a common area as well as private, outdoor
areas.




                                                                       Page 10 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
