                          TRANSCRIPT
the spot. Obviously we can't be suggesting people be evacuated routinely
and it's a false alarm. This is something that will be sort of really kind of
peak importance. The only thing I can say is that there will be 100 percent
round-the-clock dedication on the part of our Staff and certainly I would
expect from our partners through however long this period lasts. We've
learned a lot from the '98 flood. I wasn't here, but I was in Berkeley. I
know a lot about how we need to respond to these events. That said, as the
Mayor said when she spoke in East Palo Alto, we have no control over the
rain. The best we can do is prepare as the Staff and Len have been saying,
and then be able to respond as best as possible.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. One last question that
doesn't have so much to do with what we've seen on the presentation today.
Are we doing anything to prepare for additional kind of emergency homeless
shelter capacity if all of a sudden we get significant amounts more rain than
we expected and all of a sudden it becomes a bit of health risk to our
unsheltered population?

Mr. Keene: I think that's something that Bess will pass on to the team. As
Len has mentioned, we've been meeting for at least the past three years on
a really monthly basis at the top levels in these organizations with all of our
expert Staff. At first of course, about how we accelerate the State Regional
Water Quality Control Board to give this project the necessary permits that
we've yet to fully be able to complete, which is quite unfortunate. That's
allowed us to build these strong relationships and continue to do this again
at a minimum monthly. Now that we're in the season, every two to three
weeks at that level. We'll carry that back. I can say that certainly as we get
into some very difficult times, there will be a lot of proactive work on the
part of our folks as it relates to identifying, locating as best as we can where
homeless folks are camping out and staying and try to do some intercept
work in advance of the storms.

Council Member Berman: If we can have some kind of insurance plan ready
to be activated if necessary whether it's expanding Hotel de Zink for a
certain period of time or whatever possible solutions might be. I'd be willing
to bet that folks will get pretty creative as long as there's the supplies
necessary if we find ourselves in that situation.

Mr. Keene: We'll be prepared to give the Council more detail on that in the
fall.

Mayor Holman: Len, you had some comments to make?

Mr. Matterman: I wanted to add something to the sandbag question that
Council Member DuBois asked about. That is we recognize that there are a
                                                                        Page 38 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
