                          TRANSCRIPT
issues around housing. When we passed our Housing Element a year ago or
ten months ago or whenever it was, we said that we wanted to pass it
because for statutory reasons we had to, but we'd love to come back to it
and move some of the parcels from certain areas to other areas. We haven't
had that conversation at Council. I wonder if that might be a conversation
that PTC could have first to kind of tee something up for us to make it a little
easier and less onerous on us. I think that's an area where it makes a lot of
sense for the PTC to get involved. Other issues are transportation issues.
We approved a Transportation Management Authority, and I haven't done
anything with it since then. I'm not really that familiar with what kind of
oversight we have from Council or Council-appointed bodies. Maybe that's
an area where you guys could kind of get involved and weigh in and help
make sure that that process is moving along in an expeditious manner. We
see on the liaison to the Human Relations Commission, and they've taken on
certain things. A couple of Commissioners here, a couple of Commissioners
there, that they really care about homelessness or—I think there's a couple
of other conferences that have occurred, veterans' homelessness and, I
think, senior issues. It'd be great to see the PTC kind of take some things
that you guys are really passionate about and maybe dig your teeth in a
little bit more. I'll keep my comments brief for now. If I get another turn,
I'll expand upon that. I'd love to find ways that we can utilize you guys that
you'd be comfortable with, that could benefit us.

Mayor Holman: Commissioner Alcheck, did you have a question about
something that's already been said or I'd like to otherwise go through the
whole Council and then come back to Commissioners.

Michael Alcheck, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: I just had a
question. Is it okay to respond to comments on the SSO in this meeting
ahead of the SSO discussion?

Mayor Holman: I think what we're here tonight to do is talk about—we
might use that as an example, but I think first it'd be helpful for us to go
through ...

Mr. Alcheck: I don't mean to respond now. I'm just curious. Should we
prepare responses to that in this session or should we wait for that meeting
to happen?

Mayor Holman:      If it's helpful to understand how you came to that
conclusion, yes. Council Member Kniss, and then Council Member Burt.

Council Member Kniss: I can't pull it out quite far enough, so I'll try to talk
loudly. We are so grateful to Planning and Transportation, seriously. I think
in so many way you're unsung. I'm not sure the public knows how much
                                                                            Page 50 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
