                          TRANSCRIPT
what a bird is worth. To measure what the plant selection according to CO2,
for example, there's very little difference in how much CO2 and energy
benefits there is to an oak versus a magnolia. For migratory birds that come
here, either from Alaska or from Argentina, that is a huge difference. One
provides food, provides shelter, provides a lot of other services. The other
one could be plastic just as well. What do you put in your yard? Do you
want a magnolia or an oak? From a CO2 point of view, this will not change
global climate change. It really will not reverse the trend. For a bird, it may
mean that Palo Alto is a place to be versus a place not to be or to be only on
the open space or also in my backyard, where I really like to see them.
What I’m asking you here is to provide the vision to the Plan. Deirdre
Crommie talked about the vision, that it's discombobulated in a way and it
has mitigation embedded in it and all sorts of other things. Maybe it's your
job to provide the vision. Maybe it's your job to provide the prioritization
and to tell the Staff to come back soon, really soon, with a Plan that includes
the issues of habitat and fruit trees and our City in a comprehensive way
that does attract birds to all of our City, not only to the Baylands and the
hills. Palo Alto would appreciate that. The residents would like to hear the
birds sing in the morning. Thank you for your time and attention.

Mike Ferreira: Good evening, Council, Mayor Holman. My name is Mike
Ferreira, and I'm the conservation chair for the Loma Prieta Chapter of the
Sierra Club. In the interest of the hour, I will say that I'm here tonight to
second the remarks of Audubon and Acterra and the Native Plant Society.
This is the kind of Council that can respond to that, probably the best on the
whole Peninsula. We do need a commitment to a diverse native species for
the future health, given the tests that we now look at in terms of the
drought cycles, etc. Thank you very much. I hope you can do that.

Public Hearing closed at 11:33 P.M.

Council Member Burt: First I want to thank both the Staff and all the
members of the community, including Canopy and the various groups who
have gone into creating our first Urban Forest Master Plan. It's a great
accomplishment and moves us toward having a unified vision and set of
policies and programs that are going to help sustain that vision as we go
forward in supporting and expanding the great canopy that we have in Palo
Alto. At the same time, I do share many of the concerns expressed by
representatives of our leading environmental groups. I was struck that we
had the Sierra Club, Acterra, the Audubon Society and the Native Plant
Society all pretty much speaking with one voice. First, I want to say that I
want this to go forward tonight, because a great deal of work has gone into
it and a great deal of very valuable programs and policies and other work is
embodied here. It is in the net a real accomplishment. The Plan for the first
                                                                         Page 78 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
