                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I just want to know is (crosstalk).

Mr. Teresi: It's that big, so I didn't want to necessarily make a copy for
everyone. We certainly made it accessible to Council Members.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It is the background material that they will use?
There's no other report?

Mr. Eggleston: It is the background material that would speak to their
future recommendations about prioritizing CIP projects, which is only one
aspect of the programs that are funded, but a significant one.

Vice Mayor Schmid: What other programs are there, other than the capital
expenditures?

Mr. Teresi: The fund is an all encompassing fund. In addition to the Capital
Improvement Program, it needs to pay for ongoing maintenance of the
system. Then we have storm water quality protection mandates that come
down from the State Water Board that we have to fund as well. In addition
to the projects, we have some programmatic activities that we have to fund
out of the same fund.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Good. I'm delighted to look through it today. I guess
the feedback you want is really political feedback of who would be on the
committee. The motion is that it would be a City Manager-appointed
committee. There's a list on packet page 390 of the variety of things that
could be used in selecting the committee. I guess I would urge two things.
The committee should represent property owners who are paying the tax
which are geographically balanced. Two, maybe those who are most at risk
are those in the flood protection insurance program and pay substantial
amounts each year as identified at-risk homeowners. It seems to me those
ought to be the key criteria. There should be a balance, geographical
balance of those two elements in the committee.

Mayor Holman: It looks as though we had just the one member of the
public who wished to speak. It looks like we have a motion by Council
Member Wolbach, second by Council Member Scharff, to direct Staff to work
towards a fall 2016 property owner vote-by-mail election; to authorize
imposition of property-related fees to fund the Storm Drain Enterprise—yes,
I'm sorry.

Mr. Eggleston: I'm sorry for interrupting. I wanted to respond to one thing
that Vice Mayor Schmid said about the criteria for the members of the
committee. Just make it clear that the purpose of these projects is not to
take people out of the flood zone who might be paying flood insurance. This
                                                                     Page 98 of 113
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/19/15
