              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Regular Meeting
                                                           November 2, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:06 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss arrived at 6:39
            P.M., Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Special Orders of the Day

1.    Proclamation Welcoming the Delegation of Visitors From our Sister
      City, Enschede, the Netherlands, and Congratulating Onno van
      Veldhuizen on his Recent Inauguration as Mayor.

Mayor Holman: We do have as our first item this evening a Proclamation
welcoming the delegation of visitors from our Sister City of Enschede in the
Netherlands and also congratulating Onno van Veldhuizen on your recent
inauguration as Mayor. Welcome to you all. Mayor, would you care to make
a few comments? We have a podium here for you.

Onno van Veldhuizen, Enschede Mayor: Thank you very much. I hope I'm
allowed to speak in your direction and in the direction of the public because,
as you know, I've got a three-hour speech, so it will take a bit. Thank you
very much for having us here today. Indeed, I'm a very fresh Mayor of
Enschede, five weeks. Most of the things I do not know. Despite that, I
have to address you and the public with things I think are, well, failure to
know about our city, our relation and a bit about myself. Enschede is a city
of 160,000 inhabitants in the eastern part of the Netherlands. It's the
capital of Twente. Twente is a region with a very long and strong history.
Twente is much older than the Netherlands, and we tend to forget that.
Maybe I have in my speech some inspiration from our history as a region for
you. Let's see. I was and I'm still a man of local government, very much
myself. I have 16 years of experience in local government, and I consider
that as a great treasure for myself. Previous to that I was mainly a lawyer.
You have lots of lawyers, I'm afraid, especially in business law, international
business law. I wouldn't put away this experience because I think it's useful
in my daily life as a Mayor. I'm also a child of a German mother. I guess


                                                                      Page 1 of 122
