                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: It's a daycare. The Ventura school site, is that the
one you mean?

Council Member Filseth: It's 3990 Ventura Court.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer: Mayor Holman, Members of the Council,
Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer. It is owned by the City. It has an option
for the school district to buy it back from us. It has certain conditions. It is
heavily utilized. Palo Alto Child Care Center has its headquarters there.
There's a child care center that they run there too. There's subleases of
other child care centers and other offices that are there as well.

Council Member Filseth: That answers that.       Of the three, I would weigh
toward the Sherman one as well.

Council Member Kniss: I'll use my three minutes for something much less
objective. My office used to be right in that area, in fact probably 50 feet
away. That is the best area for a whole number of other reasons. It looks
to me like you evaluated the 22 sites. You looked at them pretty carefully.
Beyond that, Jim probably alluded to this as well, there's something about a
police station or Public Safety Building being in a very visible location.
That's very visible. We've just done a great job on California Avenue. You'll
all be there tomorrow afternoon, I'm sure, at 2:30 to celebrate that that's
done. The thought of putting a parking garage with this at the same site,
which is something they really need on California Avenue, Greg Scharff will
shake his head to that. It's really tight parking over there now. That would
be a terrific cap to that entire area. It's very centrally located. I know we're
worried about the traffic in that area, but there's no area that's without
traffic. The Red Cross site is probably impossible given all of the different
entities that come together there as well. I would feel strongly about that. I
thought the same thing before. I even thought at one point you might look
at the County land, which is on the far side of the Courthouse, but that
probably is not available. I'm going to guess if it was available, you would
have looked at it. You know the one I mean, right? I would be in favor of
pursuing that site, and look forward to what's going to happen next. It's
how many years now? Sixteen, 20. Thirty. That's a lot of years. It really
is. Go forth, do good work. I'll be anxious to hear what happens next.

Council Member Scharff: When I was reading these three, I also had strong
negative reactions to the LATP site and the Colorado substation site. The
LATP site, because it was in the middle of nowhere. The Colorado substation
site, because the General Fund loses $850,000 which is a huge deal. One of
the ways we're funding these things is through a new revenue stream. I
forget how much we're making out of the TOT, but I thought it was like $2.5

                                                                          Page 37 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
