                         TRANSCRIPT
earlier about the issues of if the neighborhood wanted to undo it, what does
that look like. If we're going to waive the fee, how do we want to make this
work well? To Council Member Kniss' point, I agree with her 100 percent of
what she said, which was that we're going to take up the more broad thing
possibly at the Comp Plan which we could. There's no reason to have Policy
and Services take a look at this issue now outside of the Comp Plan. Council
Member Kniss is correct on that. To broaden this will distract from the other
issues and from getting this issue done and focused on. That's why I'm
voting yes for the Substitute Motion and no on the other part of the Motion.

Mayor Holman: I will again be voting for the original Motion. The single-
story overlay and the rescinding of that would also be addressed in the
original Motion. I'll be supporting the original Motion. Vote on the board
please for the Substitute Motion which is to direct Staff to place on the June
29, 2015 agenda an Action Item that would consider referral of policy
matters that relate to single-story overlay. All those in favor, vote on the
board please. That fails on a 2-4 vote. Council Members Berman and
Scharff voting yea, Council Member Filseth absent, Vice Mayor Schmid not
participating, Council Member Wolbach not participating. Mayor Holman,
Council Members Burt, DuBois and Kniss voting nay.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-4               Berman, Scharff yes, Schmid,
Wolbach not participating, Filseth absent

Mayor Holman: We return now to the main Motion which is to direct Staff to
place on the June 29, 2015 agenda an Action Item that will consider referral
of policy matters that relate to single-story overlays and other neighborhood
overlays that could provide neighborhood protections. Vote on the board
please. That passes on a 5-1 vote with Council Member Filseth absent, Vice
Mayor Schmid and Council Member Wolbach not participating, Council
Member Kniss voting no.

MOTION PART 2 PASSED:              5-1   Kniss   no,   Schmid,   Wolbach        not
participating, Filseth absent

Mr. Keene: I want to clarify that the Council, even though it wasn't in the
Motion, identified that there could be an extended timeline in the actual ...
Good. Your 2015 work plan's already filled up.

Mayor Holman: I'll state it again. There's no dates specified in the Motion.
Council Members, we return now to the rest of the budget discussion.
Council Member DuBois will get the Vice Mayor and Council Member
Wolbach.


                                                                         Page 61 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
