                          TRANSCRIPT
lot of questions about the best timing and the best strategy for sandbag
deployment. Mr. Fisher mentioned that for his particular property. At the
JPA Board meeting on this Thursday at 4:00 in Menlo Park City Council
chambers, we're having a presentation on the when, where and how of
sandbags. I've been in conversation with residents of Palo Alto who are
active in Crescent Park about having a special community meeting this fall,
probably in November, about the particulars of how to do sandbags as well
as the particulars of this website. We hope to have kind of a large
community meeting dedicated to that topic. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights, so just a couple or three ...

Council Member Kniss: Mine was on, Karen. I don't know how to make it
work tonight.

Mayor Holman: It's on now. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I realize I am the only one that was here during that
flood.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: Sitting here. You weren't. One of the comments I
would make about that is that—some of you were here—our PR around that
was abysmal. I don't think there will be much that is more important than
keeping the public informed. You can start way ahead of time. The night
that happened, we were sitting in this chamber, and it began to drop. None
of us on the Council were even notified before the next morning of what had
happened. It's hard to think that you can sleep through a flood, but you
can. We don't live in the floodplain. Many woke up in the middle of the
night, at 3:00 and 4:00 a.m., to find that they had several feet of water
either in their basement or on their floor or wherever that happened to be.
It's not a good way to wake up. You don't want to put your feet down and
discover there's water on the floor. We heard about it for weeks at that
point. It was really troubling. I think the notifications systems are great.
I'm not quite sure why people have to register; that's a little bit of a puzzle.
Maybe you can explain that. I'd really like to know what do we plan to do
for the PR. What you're talking about so far is passive. People have got to
go on; they have to find out. How are we going to let them otherwise?
What other plans do we have in store? I know that our communications
person is here; I see her in the back. I think that's going to be one of the
most important parts of this. It doesn't simply start to rain and we flood.
It'll take a while for it to flood. Also, would you answer our first constituent
who asked about sandbagging on the creek versus sandbagging your house?
My recollection is Menlo did a lot of sandbagging in the last flood. I think
                                                                        Page 39 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
