                         TRANSCRIPT
closing Buena Vista in order to replace the coaches with a high-end
residential development. This process has not only created a conflict with
government officials and local residents, more importantly it will
permanently displace 400 residents from being able to live in Palo Alto.
Caritas believes that there is a very workable solution to the conundrum that
currently surrounds the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. The issues facing
the closure and relocation of mobile home park residents are not unique, but
at Buena Vista they're exacerbated by the lack of available replacement land
for the residents to relocate their coaches. Closing Buena Vista would
deprive those residents of enjoying the many unique benefits that Palo Alto
provides. The answer is not to close Buena Vista and displace its residents,
but rather for Caritas to purchase the park from the owners at a fair market
value and then rebuild Buena Vista into the vibrant community that we know
it can be. It will be a challenging process, but certainly achievable. We
believe that our unique experience and skill sets position us well to turn
Buena Vista into a spirited and caring mobile home community.             It's
important to note that Caritas is a mission-driven organization. What that
really means is we are not a financially driven organization. If we were, we
would have shareholders and stockholders and be concerned about rates of
return and those kinds of things. We're not. We are a mission-driven
organization whose mission is to provide and maintain quality affordable
housing. With the increasing number of households on fixed or limited
incomes and the scarcity of reliable long-term, reasonably priced housing,
Caritas endeavors to create energetic communities where quality of life,
resident involvement and caring are priorities. In 1995, a group of local
business and community leaders, philanthropists and nonprofit experts saw
the challenges in providing adequate affordable housing as well as the
opportunity to help.     The name Caritas was carefully selected by the
company's founders whose philosophy was to care for others. The word
charity comes from the Latin word caritas.            In this sense, Caritas
communities strive to be caring communities. Starting with a skeleton staff,
Caritas acquired two mobile home communities in Lancaster and one in
Brea, California. Today we have developed a team of caring professionals
who are dedicated to fulfilling our mission of providing quality affordable
housing and to serve the residents living in our communities. We currently
own 20 mobile home parks throughout the state that total just under 3,700
units. A number of these parks are located here in the Greater Bay area. It
is important to note that our business model is designed to hold the parks in
perpetuity. Over the next few months, Caritas is committed to creating a
comprehensive development plan that will serve as the basis for entering
into negotiations with the owner as well as provide the financial framework
for the acquisition, renovation and redevelopment of the Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park. Caritas believes that one of the keys to the Buena Vista solution
is our commitment to treat all parties to this process with respect and
                                                                         Page 3 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
