                         TRANSCRIPT
with these definitions, how is there a process in this City for the sort of
growth that needs to happen in our Code. One of the challenges we had
with reviewing the PC that you sent to us was that we were reviewing it
within the context of our current Comp Plan which is being dramatically
changed. We can't revise the PC process because there is no avenue within
our Comp Plan to achieve any of the goals that the PC process was created
to allow for. When we sent it back to you, we were suggesting that we're
constricted here. I really appreciate the direction that you provide. I think
sometimes—like tonight, tonight you had a meeting on a project. Council
Member DuBois said, "I really hope you hear very clearly what we're telling
you." I'm sitting in the audience, and I'm not exactly sure if what you said
was very clear. As a body, there was a lot of disagreement on a lot of very
subtle issues. At some point, someone said this project may comply with all
the Code requirements, but it doesn't, and then the X factor. Tonight at one
point, you mentioned we need to rely on our Code documents and on our
ordinances and on our Comprehensive Plan with respect to the ordinance
that I think you're referring to which is the one we reviewed maybe 1 1/2
months ago or 2 months ago which had to do with the setback.

Mayor Holman: I was specifically not referring to any. I was not referring to
anything in particular.

Mr. Alcheck: I only mention that because that's pretty much the only
variance we've reviewed in the last eight months. We did rely on the
documents, but there's always vague and subtle discrepancies that require
people to have a sort of discussion that it isn't always clear. I'll end by
saying that I really hope that the perception isn't that we are a politically
opposing body. None of us approach it like that. I for sure don't. I review
the documents and the Code. I go so far in-depth on the zoning when we
were reviewing Zoning Code. We treat this like a graduate seminar. We
have tremendous respect for each other. Not everything that we say on the
Commission—I'm sure Commissioners don't necessarily agree with that I'm
saying tonight. We do try very hard, and it's not intended to thwart your
political process.

Mayor Holman: Commissioner Gardias.

Przemek Gardias, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Thank you
very much. Madam Mayor, Mr. Vice Mayor and Council Members, thank you
very much for having us here. Fellow Commissioners. There's a couple of
things that I would like to address. First of all, thanks very much for the
honest and sincere critique. We heard it from various sources, from various
persons. I think this is very concrete. We discussed it among ourselves.
I'm sure that we're going to take it very seriously, and we will address it

                                                                          Page 57 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
