                          TRANSCRIPT
would love to just go along with Council Member DuBois' points on this, I
don't want us to end up doing nothing because we want the pie in the sky
solution that doesn't make sense in terms of a regional trench that we can't
get support for, which goes from Redwood City through Mountain View. I do
think we need to think about practically how we get circulation. In terms of
the practicalities, when Staff looks at the circulation which I hope we'll do,
that's what I really hope the direction we move in is, we also ask ourselves
questions where we've said that we don't want an elevated track, but when
we said we don't want an elevated track, we're thinking 10, 15 feet in the
air. I mean, if you elevated the track 3 feet and had to take 30 less homes,
I would make that tradeoff, because it's an aesthetics and noise issue.
That's what we need to understand. What I think we really need to do is to
understand how we can get circulation to work here, and also the timing of
all this stuff so that it works. I don't want us to just spend all of our energy
on a regional trench or something like that. I mean, obviously I think a
shorter trench makes a lot of sense. I just think without VTA and Caltrain,
we're probably not going to make that work. Who knows?

Mayor Holman: I don't see a light but remember Council Member Burt had
something else. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I don't think that we're in a position to begin to tackle
what major alternative or alternatives we should pursue. I do like the
portion of the Staff recommendation that we move forward with additional
analysis of circulation. However, this shouldn't be a purely Staff-driven
process. We have made the case to the High Speed Rail Authority, and we
made it successfully, actually to Caltrain and the High Speed Rail Authority
when we had the previous version of the Peninsula rail program, this
commitment to Context Sensitive Solutions. Those of you who have not had
a chance to read through some of the materials on what this would mean or
hear what Elizabeth described about it, it's a real problem-solving
methodology. We should not be demanding that Caltrain and High Speed
Rail adopt that process, and then we as a City go about a different process.
We will do a better process within Palo Alto and as Palo Alto relates to these
other matters through adopting a methodology like this. It's iterative, so it
doesn't mean that we go through the whole Context Sensitive Solution
process before we begin to gather additional information, for instance, on
the circulation. What we do on that study may very well be informed and be
a better study as a result of engagement with stakeholders and the
community. I think we want to adopt CSS as our process. If we look at our
Guiding Principles, I think we already actually have it there. We want to
have some specific requests of High Speed Rail and Caltrain. Caltrain is a
part of this, and they can't be left off the hook and say, "This is High Speed
Rail's fault, and we don't really have much to do with it." There are
                                                                          Page 27 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
