                         TRANSCRIPT

set a date and get there. I think it's incumbent on the Council to recognize
that there's another date set, the middle of December, where you will come
back with data, and some critical decisions have to be made about numbers
and pricing. I guess the Council should acknowledge tonight that we are
ready to do that, looking forward to that December date. This means that
Phase 2, where we actually allocate places, will be in place by March of next
year. Congratulations on that. Second comment. In order to make
effective decisions in December, we have to have good data. Let me just
raise a couple of questions about some of the data we have. The EMC
survey gives us a sense that single occupancy vehicles are 55 percent of the
Downtown.      A couple of questions on that.         We had a Downtown
Development Cap Study last year that talked about two different surveys.
One, the American Community Survey, and the other an intercept survey
and they came up with numbers. The intercept survey said under 50
percent of people were single occupancy vehicle. The American Community
Survey said between 70 and 75 percent. Now that's a very wide spectrum.
You want your survey to be good data that we can act on. I question the
sample. I guess we did not get enough information to really make a
judgment on the sample.         It seemed as though they had identified
companies that reflected the size of companies where large companies were
much more likely to reach the 40-45 percent single occupancy vehicle,
smaller companies were likely to have numbers in the 70s. Two questions
immediately came up. There was a little note in the text that the City had
achieved levels of somewhere between 10 and 15 percent of non-single
occupancy or Go Passes. Now, they are the largest employer in the
Downtown, so it's hard to see that number being consistent with the large
employers in the survey being at 41 percent. A question about the survey:
is the survey a good, quality survey? Random sample means that every
actor has an equal chance of participating in the survey. It seems to me by
allocating the survey by size of companies, leaving out the biggest
employer, is not necessarily going to give us good, quality data. A question
about the survey and what we can act on when we come back in December.
The second question I would have about the data is who pays. I noticed
going through there that most of the money spent on signage, enforcement,
TMA start-up, shuttle expansion is based on the 2016 general budget. I
think as we move forward, we should make sure that we move from an RPP
program to a CPP program, from a Resident Preferential Parking to a
Commercial Property Parking Payment program. Two issues as we move
forward. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: This is a really well-timed Study Session. I'm
hopeful that we're doing a lot of things. Hopefully, we're going to move
                                                                      Page 13 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
