                          TRANSCRIPT
Alto, if they have single-family homes or businesses or whatever, to not only
have all three containers, but to actually separate it. It'd be a violation of
the ordinance, the way I read it, to not separate. For instance, if you didn't
compost, it would be a violation of the ordinance. That wasn't the outreach
or what we discussed at Finance. In fact, what I was basically led to believe
it was the opposite of that. I have some concerns. I guess, the way it
seems to be setting up is that the plan, at least from the slide here, is not to
enforce that against single-family homeowners.          I couldn't find in the
ordinance where it said, first of all, you wouldn't enforce it. It seems a little
weird to have an ordinance where you say something is illegal, but we're not
going to enforce it. I thought maybe I could get your response.

Mr. Bobel: Thank you, Councilman Scharff. I'm going to ask Matt to give
you the reference where we address that. It was our intention in the
language that he's going to read to have enforcement not apply to the
commercial sector. You're right that the ordinance itself would apply to
everyone, but the enforcement provisions would not apply to the commercial
sector. That's what we were trying to do. Matt, would you read that? Then
I'll come back and make another comment.

Matt Krupp, Environmental Control Program Manager: I'm Matt Krupp,
Public Works. The section that Phil's referring to is Section 5.20.105 which
relates to the contamination of containers. If we go down to—I'm sorry I
don't have the packet number—it's page 13 of our Staff Report.

Council Member Scharff: That would be 343.

Mr. Krupp: Right. It's the Section 5, I think it's "A5." It's a person
occupying residential premises will not be subject to a return trip fee, an
extra solid waste pickup fee or a contamination fee. Those are all the
different fees that we could potentially apply on not having compost service
or not composting properly, if there's contamination in the compost bin or
the recycling bin for that matter. You're right in the fact that in the initial
030 section, it covers everything which could theoretically be the possibility
of an imposition of an administrative citation.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I was wondering. Whenever we have
an ordinance that says you do something, if we don't spell out penalties, I'm
not that familiar with our Municipal code but I always assume that if you
have a violation of the Municipal code, there's somewhere else in the Code,
somewhere, that says it's everything from a misdemeanor to an infraction to
a ... I'm concerned what we're really doing here is for single-family
homeowners, who we've done no outreach to and we've represented that
we're not doing it, they actually—I realize we probably wouldn't do that. It

                                                                         Page 21 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
