                          TRANSCRIPT
buildings on this block, on the 400 block, 500 block, every building has this
indentation which widens the sidewalk. This has the least indentation
possible just so open doors don't hit people walking on the street. Let's not
call it recessed. There is no pedestrian friendly on this. By the way, two
bigger bike parking racks which would take our right of walk on the sidewalk
will be bigger than two existing bike racks. The sidewalks would be more
congested. In regard to style compatibility, all I can say is it's compatible to
the other buildings only because it has doors and windows. I totally agree
with the other speakers about size and style compatibility to the
surroundings. Thank you.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, City Council Members. All that's been said
in disapproval of the building and in approval of the appeal, pretty much I
could echo all of it. I guess Jeff Levinsky is probably the one that I would
most follow. I'd like to address the address by the people who are in favor
of the building. It seems to me that that is what we all haven't been
listening to very much. The man in the blue shirt who spoke about the
buildings, well there's this building and that building and the other building
and the other building, and that sets a precedent, and therefore you have to
accept this building also.      That's what people are complaining about.
They've been saying, "These buildings are getting bigger and bigger and
bigger." Every time you approve a big building, the next one to apply is
going to be 6 inches taller. Pretty soon you're going to have a different town
which we don't want. Back in, say, 1898, 1911, people were eager for
more, more commerce, better selection, more money, more taxes. They
approve differences. Finally the town gets filled up. The town is then big
enough. It has all that a resident could want and a little bit more. I had to
laugh about the Eiffel Tower. I've been in the Eiffel Tower, and I bet you all
you have too. It is inappropriate for Paris, but the Parisians love it and
everybody loves it because it's familiar. Possibly these other buildings 50
years from now will be beloved, because they're familiar. They were
peculiar in their day. I'm not implying that this building is peculiar at all.
It's an okay building. It would look great in Los Angeles. It would improve
Los Angeles. I like the fact that their height is in residences, in housing. I
think that's something that the Council could really look at very seriously
that no height ever be exceeded if it's not in affordable housing. That's a
good part. Folks, it's just too big. Thank you.

William Ross: Good evening. I'm a taxpayer and a resident of the City.
Before you make your decision tonight, I would respectfully suggest that
under the authority of Vedanta Society v. California Quartet, 84 Cal. App.
4th, 517, a 2000 year case meaning from 2000, you're required to make a
finding concerning the environmental analysis of this project, a Mitigated
Negative Declaration (MND) based on an initial study from November 2014
                                                                        Page 43 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
