                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Either that or a local subsidy.

Ms. Ratchye: We began with local rebates for local solar in 1999. That was
a subsidy that was relatively brief until Senate Bill 1 required that we have a
program. That wasn't a City choice to make those, if you want to call it
subsidy. The renewable portfolio standard was also a mandate. That is also
not a City ...

Council Member Burt: When did we start our renewable portfolio standard?

Ms. Ratchye:   I want to say in 2002.     I don't know.   Over ten years ago
probably.

Council Member Burt: Good enough. For roughly 15 years, we've had
renewable programs of a combination of local subsidies to have locally
generated renewables in our community and utility-scale projects. In each
case, those are done at above-market rate. Even the City has on a
renewable portfolio standard for utility-scaled projects, we have a much
higher portfolio than is the State mandate. Even that is well beyond what is
required of us. We make this as City policy commitments. They have had
the support of City Councils and the community for 15-plus years
consistently. I do want to say that I'm concerned by the comment that Vice
Mayor Schmid just made about essentially the Finance Committee deciding
to override or disregard the policy of the City Council as a whole. That's
improper in my mind. The 4 percent local solar is a policy of the Council,
and it's not up to the Finance Committee to disregard that. If Council
Member colleagues want to bring forward a Colleague's Memo to attempt to
reconsider that policy, then that would be the proper recourse, but not to
undermine or backdoor a new policy through essentially eliminating a
program. I went back and watched the Finance Committee meeting on this.
First I'd say that it was apparent that our Staff was not expecting to have
the Finance Committee come forward with proposals that were significantly
different from their recommendation and the Utility Advisory Commission's, I
believe, unanimous recommendation. Our Staff didn't seem very prepared
or fully prepared to respond to some of the questions that were raised or the
points that were made by Finance Committee Members. The Public Works
Staff who's been working on the garage projects for, I don't know, about a
year I guess wasn't present. Some of the points that Utilities Staff made
tonight were not made that evening. Just going through some of the ones
that I heard from the Finance Committee Members, one that Vice Mayor
Schmid mentioned was a notion that the Finance Committee wanted to see a
greater emphasis on residential benefits rather than business benefits. In
our local renewable programs, we've had elements that have supported
residential and business. In order to achieve the 4 percent local solar and

                                                                         Page 31 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
