                         TRANSCRIPT
thinks that it's a great process and wants to come up with ways to do it, and
there really aren't other ways to achieve things, and put it back on the table
at some point if that's really necessary. I don't think it is. I was interested
in the Mayor's comments that there are good PCs. There's some affordable
housing projects that people mention it. There's the Opportunity Center. I
believe in our Housing Element we're supposed to identify a place for
another type of Opportunity Center, which we have in our Housing Element,
somewhere we've put. We could always rezone something if an opportunity
comes along for something like that. The issues with concessions, we put
parameters around the concessions as a Council because we didn't want
developers just going off on a whole bunch of things. Now we're saying
maybe we want them to be able to do that with PCs. I say we don't really.
We want to produce affordable housing. We want to produce affordable
housing that is within certain parameters that we like. I think if we're
unhappy and we're not producing the affordable housing we want, we can
either loosen restrictions; we can grant more concessions for affordable
housing if we want to at the discretion of Council. I'm convinced that we can
do affordable housing projects and not have a PC process. I think affordable
housing projects in this environment that are done through a PC process are
less likely to have community buy-in than ones that are done outside of the
PC process. I think it actually hurts the production of affordable housing to
have the PC process. I would recommend that we go ahead and get rid of
this.

Council Member Kniss: Even though I thought your comments were very
good, Mayor Holman, I did. I can look back and see some projects as well.
I think, because our job is to represent the City and we are voted to do that,
I think this is a City that doesn't believe in the PC process anymore. They
have sent heaven knows how many emails. They have sent messages in
many ways. There are certain things that finally are broken and you say,
"This is beyond repair and we're actually going to throw it out." I think
that's where we are. I'm sad in some ways about it, because I think it had
good prospects when it was used at the time. It was particularly used in the
'90s, and a number of good projects came out of that. I think we're in a
different period. We're in a period where we're either no growth or less
growth or something that is clearly a difference in our community. We've
had these chambers filled time after time after time with people who have
been unhappy with where we're heading with certain items. Our job is to
listen to the community, and it's pretty clear to me the community is saying,
"We're kind of done with PCs." We'll find something else in the future, but
at the moment, I think it's finished sadly.

Council Member Burt: I am somebody who is open to eliminating PCs, but I
have not seen the basis to make that determination yet. I haven't seen that
                                                                         Page 70 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
