                          TRANSCRIPT
weather predictions, the total number of bike commuters counted at the
City's four stations was 1,690 which represents a 25 percent increase over
the 2010 counts at those same stations. Thanks to all the volunteers who
got up early to help staff the station and folks who biked with us to show
what the morning commute could look like. Adults and kids alike enjoying
their trips to work and to school. There's a lot going on at the Children's
Theatre. I can attest to the fact. Yesterday I was going to take my 4 1/2-
year-old granddaughter to the CPR training and everything out at Mitchell
Park, but her grandmother had gotten her tickets to see Cinderella at the
same time at Children's Theatre. Cinderella, in her case, won out. Anyway,
the Teen Arts Council, and she really liked the pictures with the evil
stepsisters. That seemed to especially work for her in some way. The Teen
Arts Council initiative of Children's Theatre recently closed three sold-out
performances of the new play Ghost Bike. Produced by teens and for teens,
the play featured a teen director, designer, marketing team and cast. The
Children's Theatre also presented its final Palo Alto School District outreach
production at Duveneck Elementary School. In collaboration with Partners in
Education, these programs have provided standards-based arts education to
more than 3,300 students attending the district's 12 elementary schools.
The Children's Theatre production of Alice in Wonderland has been receiving
rave reviews before sold-out audiences. There's limited availability for the
final week of performances running Wednesday through Sunday. I might
have mentioned this briefly last week, but I did want to go into a little more
depth on the Apps Challenge that we ran last year. In creating the Palo Alto
Apps Challenge, we broke new ground on designing and learning how to
conduct a fun and engaging multi-month community application
development competition. The Apps Challenge encouraged participants to
build solutions around community engagement and services. One of the
winners, Adopt Me app for helping with animal adoption, is being used
across the Bay Area at several animal shelters and has interest
internationally too. The Apps Challenge process we used was documented
so it could be repeated by others, not just here in Palo Alto. To this end, the
work has been published in a new free e-book called The Apps Challenge
Playbook, just for fun. It can be downloaded from the City website, but
Jonathan Reichental, our CIO, also self-published some hardcopies of the
Playbook, and we have a copy here for each of you. As I mentioned last
week, you already know that the City of Mountain View is now putting
together their own Apps Challenge, drawing on our experience. I will pass
these out to the Council. Let's see, I was looking around for Jeremy Dennis
from Rich Gordon's Office. He thought that he was going to run into a
conflict and not get here in time, but he did ask if I would pass on, given
that this is Public Safety Month, to compliment our Development Services
Staff for their help and interest in ADA compliance programs for small
businesses that Rich Gordon's Office had been supporting and pushing.
                                                                          Page 5 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
