                             MINUTES
Mr. Eggleston answered the Moffatt and Nichol Team and the HNTB Team.

Gary Antonucci, Moffatt and Nichol, was honored to participate in the
competition and to receive high marks from TAP.

Steven Grover, Moffatt and Nichol Architect, designed a beautiful, graceful,
and unique suspension bridge that supported itself during construction. The
bridge did not utilize cables. A single tension member provided vertical
support of the main span and torsional support of the side spans. The
bridge offered a visual presence that was timeless and elegant. He changed
the design subsequent to the competition to refine the fencing design so it
was more consistent with the overall architectural vocabulary. The design
was dramatic yet context appropriate. If cost was the only criteria, then a
standard box bridge would suffice. However, a standard concrete bridge did
not meet the visual design goals, it impacted the Baylands more than other
alternatives, and it reduced safety.           His design achieved visual,
environmental, and geometric goals, while retaining many cost benefits of a
conventional girder bridge. While the structural system was innovative,
construction methods and materials were tried and true. Design standards
called for large radius curves with clear, open sightlines as provided in the
design. He proposed a pathway configuration that had become a design
reference. A mixing zone at the base of ramps reduced the chance of
conflicts at intersections. The design did not utilize cables because they
presented a hazard to birds but it followed all visual impact guidelines for
the Baylands and the project. The bridge did not utilize structural supports
in the wetland area. The lighting scheme lit only the traveled way and
avoided upward light pollution as well as spillover to the sensitive habitat.

Tony Sanchez, Moffatt and Nichol, reported the bridge spanned 235 feet
over the freeway and frontage roads. The main load carrying member was a
steel box girder. This was a simple and cost effective bridge. The steel box
girder on both sides of the deck connected with floor beams, which were
covered by a concrete deck. The stiff deck was designed to take 100
percent of the dead load. The bridge had the capability to be erected with a
partial freeway closure. Engineering and analysis indicated the bridge was
well within Code limits. Jiri Strasky analyzed and tested bridge concepts.

Mr. Antonucci stated the concept met any possible interpretation of design
guidelines and was vetted and endorsed by world-class bridge engineers.
He would be very excited to deliver such a bridge.

Wil Carson, HNTB Corporation, indicated the defining opportunity for the
project was innovation. The bridge design had the potential to create a new
paradigm for what infrastructure could do.      The bridge was versatile,


03/16/2015                                                            117- 101
