                          TRANSCRIPT

just for all of us, Staff, community and Council. The unanimity with which
the community and the City Council have supported taking great steps to
prevent displacement at Buena Vista in the broader context of lots of
displacement from other housing in Palo Alto suggests that at some point we
need to have a much more serious and broader discussion about what we're
going to do to prevent loss of affordable housing in general in Palo Alto and
to protect tenants from displacement throughout Palo Alto.

Mayor Holman: The motion before us is the Staff recommendation, that the
Commercial Housing Fund would be used to support the preservation of
existing housing as well as construction of new affordable housing with the
amendment that Director Gitelman has entered into the record. Vote on the
board please. That passes also unanimously on an 8-0 vote, Council
Member Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Agenda Item Numbers 24 and 28 continued at this point in the meeting.

24.   Proposed Response to the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
      Authority’s (VTA’s) “Call for Projects” for Inclusion in the Countywide
      Long-Range Transportation Plan (VTP 2040) & Discussion of the
      Potential Envision Silicon Valley 2016 Transportation Tax Measure.

28.   Authorization for the Mayor to Sign a Letter Regarding Palo Alto’s
      Position on New Funding for State and Local Transportation
      Infrastructure.

Mayor Holman: We do need to do Item Number 1 and 2 this evening and
the recommendation from Staff, and we need to do Number 28, that letter
as well. We could do Number 1 first and try to parse that out. If you think
we need to do "1" and "2" together, I'm amenable to either one. Shall we
try to do Item Number 1? Okay.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I move that we authorize the Mayor to sign the joint
letter to the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority from up to 11 North
County and West Valley cities.

Council Member Kniss: Is that just Number 1?

Vice Mayor Schmid: yes.

Mayor Holman: That's just Number 1.
                                                                      Page 74 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
