                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Do you think it's workable with Number 3 or not?

Mr. Keene: It's too early to tell. If you have a Motion like that, you've got
to allow us to meter it as it's unfolding, to have a conversation with the
Council saying, "Wait a minute. We're not making fast enough progress on
this." I'm assuming that one of the thoughts about trying to start with a
simpler element with the advisory group could allow the Council to dive
more deeply in some of the difficult policy choices while folks are working on
something. You don't have to give us clear direction, because you're
comfortable with people beginning to work on it. It's going to depend upon
how expeditiously the Council can arrive at some decisions. We hate to say
it, but the jury's out right now. There are big choices for you to make. They
could be made somewhat generally. Right now we're saying we don't want
office, but we want housing. Do we really want housing? Roughly, how
much or where? Just have a majority of the Council be able to say without
getting down to every detail, "Good." Once we've got that, what about
relocating? If you could say twenty things in some way to the citizens
advisory group, that could really help steer the direction. If you want to feel
like you've got to get into every one of the goals as they're structured in the
Comp Plan, that could take a long time. I don't think that's necessary. The
big directions and the resolution of the tensions that exist within the Council
and the community is what you need to signal. If we get that, if we could do
it iterative and say, "Now we've got this at this general level. Does that look
like enough to work with," then we'd be in a position to answer Council
Member Scharff's question about this work. We won't know that until we get
to that. This is workable enough with this idea that this is the goal, knowing
the first test probably will have to be come back and see how the Council
does on these vision and statements and goals set by the Council. If not,
we'll have to readjust.

Council Member Scharff: The other question I had is originally in the Staff
Report you had that you could work or live in Palo Alto. I agree that it would
be preferable to have a Palo Alto resident, but I'm concerned that it limits
certain good people who you may have been thinking should be on this, that
work in Palo Alto. Obviously, you have to either live or work in Palo Alto.
You obviously do want some business representatives. My question is, is
that a concern or this is not a concern? You feel comfortable there's enough
people who are residents of Palo Alto that we don't have to worry about
that?

Mr. Keene: There's no doubt there could be some very talented people who
have been engaged in issues with the Council who are experts or leaders in
many ways in their area who could be precluded as not being a resident.
I'm sure that would be a small subset. Certainly appreciate the Council's
                                                                        Page 110 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
