                         TRANSCRIPT
David Carnahan, Deputy City Clerk: It can be from a week or two to a
couple of months.           There's the one concern that currently serving
Commissioners, while they can continue to serve, they may or may not have
built in that availability.

Mayor Holman: David, I couldn't hear you very well. What you were saying
is like the current Commissioners, their terms will be expiring, so they might
or might not be willing to continue. Is that what you're saying?

Mr. Carnahan: Correct. Automatically they are able to continue to serve
until their replacement is seated; however, we are unsure whether they
have the availability and/or interest in doing so.

Council Member Burt: I will move that we extend the application period for
one month.

Council Member Scharff: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Burt to extend the application
period for Parks and Recreation Commission for one month, seconded by
Council Member Scharff.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to reopen the recruitment for the Parks and Recreation Commission
for one month.

Mayor Holman: Any comments on that? Seeing none, vote on the board
please. That passes unanimously. Thank you, colleagues.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: That leaves the interviews for Architectural Review Board
and Planning and Transportation Commission. A Motion, please.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I move we interview each of the candidates for the
Architectural Review Board.

Council Member Kniss: And I second it.

Vice Mayor Schmid: And the Planning and Transportation Commission.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Vice Mayor Schmid, second by Council Member
Kniss to interview all candidates for both the ARB and the Planning and
Transportation Commission.



                                                                        Page 4 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
