                          TRANSCRIPT
works could be as varied as this mobile wetland that's in Fayetteville,
Arkansas. It's a piece that can be moved from one place to another and
helps to sustain waterfowl and protect the shore. This piece by Buster
Simpson in Portland that takes water off the roof of this bicycle rack and
channels it into a cistern that creates a beautiful garden. Public art can
enliven neighborhoods. Here are some examples. In Portland, this is a
temporary work on the left-hand side. It's a big red ball that moves from
one neighborhood to the other and people would follow. This tired hydrant
in Bradenville, Florida. Here are some examples of art-focused gathering
places. These can be temporary or permanent, but it's really interesting
how artists' interventions can actually create a gathering place. On the left-
hand side, you see a piece by Rebar which is a San Francisco-based artist
group that create furniture that can just be plopped down in public spaces
and then moved. On the upper left, you can see a temporary seating area
that is done in the festival area in Quebec. On the right, just a typical art
fair which you have some of and people want more. Pedestrian-friendly art
can be something temporary like the laneways in Sydney, Australia where
this artist simply painted the stairs in different colors or this piece in San
Jose where an artist created projection art in an empty storefront. It can
also take the form of things that are serial in nature. On the left-hand side
is one of a series of the love letter murals that were done in Philadelphia on
the Frankford subway line. Every place there's a stop, there's a really
interesting mural, and they're all love letters. This has become an event in
Philadelphia where on Valentine's Day people read love letters on the
subway. This mobile art gallery in Montreal is a simple frame that allows
curators to drop different elements of art into it, that can change very easily.
It enlivens the streetscapes during the summer festival months. Public art
can capture history. This is a project in West Seattle that is 8 miles long.
It's a bunch of different interventions that placed art in the sidewalks,
created viewers, created poetry in the sidewalks, and really told people the
various aspects of Seattle's history from the history of the people to the
geology to the topography to nature. This is a piece that deals with history
in San Jose. It's on the paseo that connects the San Jose State University to
Cesar Chavez Plaza. It's a commemoration of a very important person,
Ernesto Galarza, who was a labor leader, a poet and a teacher in the
university. It takes the form of a library bench with many artifacts about his
life on it and then a series of insets in the sidewalk that are his words that
lead from the university to the plaza. Temporary art has come up many
times during our meetings. This is an example from 01 festival in San Jose
a number of years ago. It's called A Champion Flock of Weed Eaters. It's a
typical storage pod that was converted to look like a barn, and inside the
barn was a gigantic mother sheep who had a mirror under her stomach with
a video screen in it. You could check out the baby sheep and take them to
different places as long as you sent photographs of them back to the mother
                                                                          Page 3 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
