                         TRANSCRIPT
many magazines it's been published in. Still the most important is how good
is the school system in which it is located. Ask the tens of millions who have
migrated to the suburbs. That's their primary reason. To have left it out as
a measure of comparable locations is not just negligent, it's really criminal.
We know that oftentimes what's legal is also immoral. We see it every day.
We saw it in'08. How many people went to jail for what they did down on
Wall Street? Nobody. It was supposedly legal, but it was highly immoral. I
beg of you, allow this story to end on the side of righteousness. Look long
and hard at the governing laws. There must be some way to rule on behalf
of the residents, so they cannot be thrust into a forced relocation and their
kids' education is totally disrupted. I heard those children that night, and
my jaw dropped. I wished I could have been as articulate and eloquent as
they were when I was their age. Don't disappoint them. I know for a fact
that the Buena Vista community, its infrastructure and dwellings, can be
renovated in an incremental manner without any displacement and with only
a few modest disruptions. Pause in the process until a remedy can be found.
The owner of the land, I'm sure, is a very good person and does not want to
spend the remaining years of his life with this tragedy weighing him down
and the ghosts of his past tenants haunting him to his grave and maybe
even beyond. The children I heard that night have a better future ahead for
them. I hope that they have a better future ahead of them, rather than
being embittered victims of capitalism and sometimes inhumanity. Please
don't give them an excuse to blame the system. Some are already at
Stanford, and I'm sure others will follow. They are our future leaders,
doctors, lawyers, architects, inventors, teachers and maybe even a politician
or two with hearts of gold because they won't forget where they came from
and the decision that you will have made for them. I hope it will be a
decision that won't make them bitter, but that they will remember with
fondness like I remember my youth with fondness. Thank you.

Jeremy Dennis: Good evening. Mayor Holman, Members of the Council, Mr.
Keene, my name is Jeremy Dennis.            I'm District Director for State
Assemblyman Rich Gordon. You heard from the City Manager earlier, but I
managed to get down here in time. I wanted to say thank you to your City
Staff for helping us with an event that we put on recently. Peter Pirnejad,
George Hoyt, Robert Dunbar whose idea this was, and Bud Sturmer from
Development Services Department. As you know, in our community there
are a number of unscrupulous attorneys driving around our City streets
suing small businesses for ADA compliance issues. These are businesses
that may not know they have an issue. These are businesses that would be
happy to come in compliance, but unfortunately the lawsuits are just about a
settlement and not about fixing the problems. Per Mr. Dunbar's request, we
contacted the Civil Justice Association of California and the Division of the
State Architect to come down and hold a hearing a week ago Friday to talk
                                                                        Page 10 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
