                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: It is an amendment. All those in favor, vote on the board
please, or if you're opposed. That motion passes on a 7-1 vote with Vice
Mayor Schmid voting no, Council Member DuBois not participating.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED AMENDMENT PASSED:                                7-1
Schmid no, DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: I have one thing to add as a comment. Will Staff please
monitor and report to Council as you see our unintended consequences, as
you indicated earlier, popping up in other areas that are not covered by this
ordinance. We need to go back to the beginning. We tentatively voted on
some earlier things, and the first motion did not pass. We had stalemate.

Council Member Kniss: We'll do it again?

Mayor Holman: The first one, we didn't get anywhere, having to do with the
boundaries. Does anybody want to confirm anything else? We had a pretty
good majority vote on everything else. It's just this one. Unless I hear
otherwise, it's just this one we need to address. This is the boundaries
question. We had a motion and amendment in front of us. Shall we try to
readdress one direction or the other here? Quickly. I'm going to put
forward the amendment I offered earlier, which was to use the precise
boundaries as outlined in the potential office/R&D cap boundaries as
proposed by Staff. That is my motion. Previously seconded by Council
Member Burt. Vice Mayor Schmid seconds this time. I apologize. I didn't
hear you if you did.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to use
the precise boundaries as outlined in the Potential Office/R&D Cap
Boundaries as proposed by Staff.

Mayor Holman: Let us vote on the board. That fails on a 4-4 vote.

MOTION FAILED:       4-4 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach no, DuBois not
participating.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll put forward my original motion.

Council Member Berman: I'll second.

Mayor Holman: That was?

Council Member Wolbach: That's including the exemption for SOFA.

Mayor Holman: It's to use the precise boundaries as outlined in the
potential office/R&D cap boundaries as proposed by Staff. The development
                                                                     Page 100 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
