                             MINUTES
Ian Carroll supported the project. The City needed more affordable housing
as well as BMR housing. The project location was not appropriate for single-
family homes.

Edie Keating supported the project and was happy the Density Bonus Law
was being used. She did not support adding office space and was not
inclined to argue against proposals that were within zoning. The transition
from two-story to three-story buildings was acceptable.

Martin Bernstein, speaking as an individual, indicated the project complied
with local and state law. He supported approval of the project.

Herb Borock recommended           the Council reject the project or request
additional environmental and       economic review. There was no adequate
cumulative analysis of traffic.   There was no reason to reduce the amount of
parking. The analysis was not     a true pro forma statement.

Lydia Kou provided a list of developments under construction or review. The
total square footage of those projects exceeded 400,000 square feet. The
Fry's site was slated for additional mixed use. Streets and neighborhoods
could not handle this much growth. The Council had to consider the impacts
of all development projects in the area.

Joe Hirsch stated residents did not want projects similar to the proposed
project. He had difficulty understanding that the incremental value of the
three concessions was merely $1.28 million. According to his calculations,
the affordable housing cost would be paid in three or four years.

Ruth Lowy believed the increase in office space would result in more people
and cars. A barrier was needed to prevent pedestrians from walking into the
street.

Rita Vrhel felt the project would create more problems than it would solve.
She wanted to know the percentage of total residential space that would be
allocated to BMR units. The State Density Bonus Law would be detrimental
to the cities' interests.

Neilson Buchanan suggested the Council create a Conditional Use Permit
requiring all occupants to park in the building, implement permit parking,
and consider the cumulative impact of parking and traffic.

Vujay Varma was skeptical of any business plan that showed costs greater
than revenue. That was a disingenuous analysis.



                                                                        Page 13 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
