                         TRANSCRIPT
million a year. To give away half of that simply made no sense to me. You
said three to four years in the Staff Report. When you say three to four, my
experience has been it's four. We should not look at that site, the Colorado
substation. That would be a lot of effort, a lot of work, and a waste of Staff
resources. The LATP site, if there's anyone who wants to tell me that this is
a good site, I want to hear about it. If it's not a good site, and it didn't
strike me as one, we should just forget it and move with the Sherman
Avenue site. I've heard from a lot of the California Avenue merchants that
parking is an issue there. If we do this right and we started construction as
soon as possible on building a new parking garage, then the fact that we
lose this space makes a lot of sense. I like the Staff Report thinking out of
the box a little bit. As much as we talk about saving retail on California
Avenue, we're not going to do that through any mechanism other than
subsidized rents, if we want to be honest with ourselves. The locally owned
businesses on California Avenue over the next 10 or 15 years, probably
sooner than that if things go the way they are, could very well be forced out
by higher rents. There would be an opportunity to have retail in the parking
garage on the ground floor. That was thinking out of the box, and I wanted
to commend Staff for that. That was a real solution to some of the
pressures and concerns we have on California Avenue. We could solve a lot
of issues by doing this. The money was interesting. We have $10 million
that we talked about building a new parking garage. Then you were going
to spend $10 million to buy new land which now seems unrealistic given
where land is. That means there's $20 million to throw, to some extent, at
this issue of how you would like to deal with it. That gives us a lot of
opportunities to make this work for all the stakeholders on California
Avenue. It's about outreach and making sure that people understand what
we're doing and that everybody will be better off if we go with that. I would
advocate for moving full speed ahead on the Sherman Avenue site. I don't
see any other opportunities out there. I would be prepared to argue for
eminent domain in choosing the right site. Given how much money that
would cost, I don't see it. I would encourage Staff to get this done and to
go forward with the Sherman Avenue site. I am concerned about closing
Sherman Avenue. If we can fit it on the parking lot, that would clearly be
my preference. Closing that street creates all sorts of controversy and
concerns and traffic studies and all of that, that we probably don't need in
terms of slowing this down and getting into problems. To the extent we can
do that, I would advocate for that. It was a great Staff Report. Let's focus
on the Sherman Avenue site.

Council Member Burt: First, I want to go back and see if I can establish a
baseline. On the 2006 Blue Ribbon Task Force, how many square feet was
that project sized at?

                                                                        Page 38 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
