                          TRANSCRIPT
paper cups for about the same price. There's about a 50 cent difference.
The other good news is that our stakeholders are saying that it's not an
issue for them. I personally contacted the stores that I thought would be
most impacted, and I spoke with them. All of them said that this would not
be an undue hardship for them. In fact, several of them are already in
compliance with what our proposed ordinance would be. I want to make it
clear that our ordinance would not address two things that people commonly
talk about. One would be foam meat trays. That's because we hear from
our grocery stores that their margins are so thin, it's really important that
we have a level playing field. There are some price challenges associated
with meat trays, so we have some ideas about how to approach that
separate from this ordinance at this time. Maybe come back to you when
we work those through and add it at a later date. It would also not include
primary packaging.      Primary packaging is the packaging that comes
immediately in contact with the item that you've purchased.            A good
example would be if you were to buy a toaster that was packaged overseas,
maybe some foam was put around it for it to be shipped over here. Our
ordinance would not apply to that. It would just mean that the vendor could
not add any more foam packaging around it after that point. Enforcement to
date has not been an issue for us. When we rolled this out at our
restaurants, we had 95 percent compliance very shortly thereafter. We've
stayed at about that rate or higher. We just communicate, and we work
closely with businesses to help them get into compliance. If compliance was
an issue, we are looking at either an administrative citation or infraction up
to $500 each day. Again, we have not had to do that since we've been
doing product bans the last five or six years. We also have lots of good
company. Cities and counties across California are adopting ordinances
similar to ours. Ours is a little bit—we're always trying to push the envelope
one step further when we can. Ours would include egg cartons and some of
the retail sales packaging that not all cities and counties are doing just yet,
but some are. We would propose that it would go into effect March 1st.
This would give us plenty of time to do the outreach to businesses and to
residents, so they could have time to prepare for the change. We hope that
we've made our concerns—we've shared our concerns with you about how
this kind of product pollutes our creeks, and it presents problems for our
zero waste goals. We would like to answer any questions that you have.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have, it looks like two members of the
public who'd care to speak to this item. Jessica Lynam will be our first
speaker, to be followed by Cedric de la Beaujadiere.

Jessica Lynam: Mayor and Members of the Council, Jessica Lynam on behalf
of the Palo Alto members of the California Restaurant Association. This
evening, I like that I'm talking to you on a different topic than I have in the
                                                                            Page 55 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
