                          TRANSCRIPT
Brad Ehikian: Thank you. My name is Brad Ehikian. I'm with Premier
Properties. I'm here today to ask the Council to deny the appeal that is
before us today. Personally I view architecture as like art. It's really in the
eyes of the beholder. I realize some people may not like modern design, but
again it's an opinion of personalized style. One of the most incredible things
about living here in Palo Alto is our level of diversity in our community. We
have diversity in our businesses, in our cultures, religions, races and ideas.
For some reason we don't want to celebrate the diversity of our architecture.
Why are we trying to recreate styles of the past? Why don't we celebrate
styles of the future or designs that challenge the status quo? While you may
not like Ken's style, what people need to realize is that he's designed over
30 buildings in our Downtown. How can he not be compatible with his own
designs? That's the piece I don't understand. Furthermore, I find myself
continually asking the question, in 30, 40, 50 years from now, are we going
to be speaking about Ken Hayes' designs as we speak about Birge Clark. I
know it's hard to think about today, but time will tell. Finally, the City has a
real opportunity. You have an opportunity to send a message to the world
that our community welcomes and encourages diversity, and that diversity
doesn't stop at our businesses and ideas, that it also extends to our
architecture. Thank you.

Bev Fields: My name is Bev Fields. I've been working in Downtown Palo
Alto since 1984 as a commercial property manager. I personally witnessed
the transformation of Downtown from an unattractive corridor with old,
badly maintained buildings. I remember vividly the early '90s when the City
began approving projects that were other than Spanish-style buildings to
mimic downtown Santa Barbara. At that time, some young architects from
Palo Alto started designing modern style buildings in the Downtown corridor.
One of those architects was Ken Hayes. His buildings were modern, sleek
and simple, which brought diversity to the Downtown corridor. I feel that
due to this architectural diversity, Palo Alto began to attract unique
restaurants, retailers and office users. It is my belief that Palo Alto would
not have the economic stability it has today without the diversity that the
Downtown offers to its users, which has made Palo Alto a destination for the
entire Bay area. I believe that the Applicant's proposed building is unique
and will contribute to the uniqueness of this important corridor. The
Applicant has met all the requirements for redevelopment of this project. Do
the right thing and approve this project.

Andrew Wong: Honorable Mayor, City Council, my name is Andrew Wong.
I've been a resident of Palo Alto for almost 20 years, and I'm here to voice
my support for this building. I believe this building is good for Palo Alto.
I'm going to echo the message that I iterated the last time I was here, which
is that the City Council should balance the needs of business and residents.
                                                                        Page 38 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
