                         TRANSCRIPT
Just so I understand it, do we have an ordinance on how the commercial
housing funds are used? Is it just a guideline?

Mr. Keene: It's a guideline established by the Council, a policy. It would
take a noticed action of the Council. As we indicated in the report, that
could easily be done at your meeting on the 17th of August.

Council Member Scharff: I want to make sure there's none of this "it has to
come back 30 days later for a second reading" or any of that. We just do it
and then we can give the money and there's no delay.

Mr. Keene: He didn't put a specific date in the motion, but our plan would
be to come at the meeting on the 17th. The Council could make the policy
change and it would be effective immediately.

Council Member Scharff: Supervisor Simitian, I want to           make sure the
timing on all this works for you, since we're going on break.    I assume you'll
be negotiating some sort of agreement, and then the notion      is to come back
and see where we are. If it comes earlier than August,           I assume we'd
somehow make that work. Any thoughts on that?

Joe Simitian, County Supervisor: The timing that the Manager has laid out
and that a majority of Council Members have indicated they support works
just fine in terms of where we are in the process. If the Council takes
favorable action tonight, the $14.5 plus $14.5 will be $29. There is the
potential to do $10 million from a tax-exempt revenue bond that Caritas
would float. That makes it very clear to the current owners that there is
serious money and this is a serious conversation. Like any negotiation, it's
an iterative process. There's some back and some forth and some back and
forth. An important part of the back and forth is being able to sit down with
some resources that make you a credible part of the conversation. If you
take the action tonight as the Board has and as Caritas has stepped up and
indicated it's willing to do a bond, we will be there. What the timeline looks
like remains to be seen. The timeline that the Manager has laid out works
just fine for us now. If there's an acceleration of the timeline, I've been
encouraged by the Manager to let him know at the earliest opportunity. You
heard him say earlier that there's the potential for a Special Meeting if
necessary. Right now, I have no reason to anticipate that that would be
necessary. The Council is aware, but some members of the community may
not be aware, that there is a letter that has essentially given 90 days to the
current owners in order for them to pursue negotiations. That's taken a little
of the pressure off. I would say thank you again to the City for that gesture
which has created a better climate for a conversation. That's a long-winded


                                                                           Page 24 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/29/15
