                         TRANSCRIPT
should the project proceed into design and additional alternatives to be
looked at.

Mayor Holman: I agree with some of the speakers. I'm not tantalized by
lane expansion. As was indicated, it's a temporary fix. It is contrary to our
Comprehensive Plan.      It has impacts in terms of vegetation removal,
potentially impacting habitat as Stanford's letter referenced. If we look at
lane addition, I would rather see an eastbound lane addition only and it
dedicated to HOV. If this gets included, when we propose projects for the
sales tax, you should not reduce the number of dollars it takes by the
amount of money that Palo Alto has in impact fees. We have other
utilizations for that money that we could use to also reduce transit. I'm
making up a number. If it costs $10 million and Palo Alto has $3 million to
contribute, I don't want the cost of the project to go forward as $7 million.
You got what I'm saying?

Ms. Cameron: Yes.

Mayor Holman: For my colleagues, I'm glad that the VTA projects deadline
has been extended to the end of August. As the City Manager knows, we
had asked for the middle of September. Most of the cities are on Council
break during the month of July. It puts pressure on all of us. If there's any
opportunity to push for a mid-September extension, that would be most
helpful. You mentioned this, Dawn, in your comments, not in quite the same
way, but there is the saying that water will find its level. Traffic will too.
That's what we're experiencing. I support my colleagues and members of
the public who have talked about Old Page Mill Road for bike improvements.
I'm a big supporter of any time we can separate bikes from vehicular traffic.
Having to do with the roadway expansion, I concur with Council Member
Berman's comments.         We don't want people to suffer through bad
circumstances.     If it seems easy enough to get to work, which is a
temporary fix based on the analysis, are people going to be motivated to
look for alternative ways to get to work? There's a balance. I don't know
where it would be, but did you look at any possibility for expanding the Park
and Ride either at the current location or someplace else nearby?

Ms. Cameron: That took most of the time with Los Altos Hills last week as
you can imagine. That community's very concerned about the Park and
Ride. The plan shows an option for moving the Park and Ride lot, if Caltrans
will agree to an interchange loop that would allow expanding it by up to 30
spaces and could reduce the impact that Park and Ride lot has on the local
residences in that vicinity. After that, what appears should be looked at,
because the demand seems to be so great, is other Park and Ride lot
locations along 280. You're getting those big private-sector buses coming in

                                                                         Page 26 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
