                         TRANSCRIPT
measure funding for countywide Caltrain grade separations in the order of
15 percent of funds raised by the ballot measure; and to engage with
Caltrain to determine what specific needs they have for the prospective
County tax measure; and Staff to return to Council with this information to
make further determination of this tax measure. That's getting really hmm.
Can we break this up? Direct Staff to advocate for and support putting in
the countywide funding measure—can we do an "A" here? Funding for
countywide Caltrain grade separations in the order of 15 percent of funds
raised by the ballot measure and "B." "B" then would be engage with
Caltrain. B, engage with Caltrain to determine what specific needs they
have for the prospective County tax measure and return to Council with this
information. Would we need anything after "information"? Do we need
anything after "this information"? Pat, you had suggested this language.
We'll do with it what we know we need to do with it.

Council Member Burt: No, this is fine.

Mayor Holman: After "with this information," delete "to make further."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part A, “to make
further determination of this tax measure.”

Mayor Holman: That the criteria for allocating funds to specific grade
separations be driven by need factors; and C, to check in with Council when
the measure starts to take shape. Council Member Wolbach, you had a
question?

Council Member Wolbach: I was just going to say the sub-A should be
rejoined with the first "A." The "B" should just be a separate "B." It doesn't
need to be a sub, because the "B" here isn't something that goes in the
ballot measure. It's separate direction to Staff. That can go up a level.
That would make more sense.

Mayor Holman:     That does make more sense.       I see lights from Council
Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: This may have answered my question actually. Is
it crystal clear that the 15 percent of funds goes to grade separation and is
not sort of modifiable by the outcome of this engagement with Caltrain?
That we come back and say 10 percent for grade separation, 5 percent for
painting trains and so forth.

Mayor Holman: I think it's clear. Council Member DuBois, you have your
light on.
                                                                         Page 69 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
