                          TRANSCRIPT

congestion on Page Mill Road. Stanford, from what I'm hearing, is interested
in working with us to do some serious TDM measures on the Research Park.
They've done effective TDM measures with Stanford proper. Now's the time
to work proactively with Stanford to reduce single occupancy vehicle trips to
the Research Park. There are a lot of ways to do that, and that's the kind of
study we need to do before we decide to spend years of construction, close
to $100 million to widen Page Mill Road. It might turn out that widening
Page Mill Road and in making that widened road an HOV lane, at least for a
couple of hours a day, might be the best alternative. Until we've done the
study, I can't support it. Moving on from that, but also kind of connected to
that and connected to Caltrain. We have very poor Caltrain service to South
County including south San Jose, Morgan Hill and Gilroy. We also have poor
Caltrain service to the California Avenue Caltrain Station. I think as we talk
about improvements to Caltrain, we really need to talk about connecting
south Santa Clara County to Cal. Ave. From what I've heard, a lot of
Stanford Research Park employees actually live in South County. We want
to make sure that those people can get here without having to drive their
car, add to parking and traffic problems. The easy way to do that is let
them take Caltrain. With infrequent service to South County, infrequent
service to Cal. Ave., it's not even worth adding more shuttles to connect Cal.
Ave. to the Research Park. As far as things that I would really support with
Caltrain, one, increasing that service to South County and Cal. Ave.; two,
grade separations and tying that to the capacity improvements such as level
boarding. A second big area that I would support, we might break this up,
in general is SOV trip reduction. VTA should be increasingly focused on SOV
trip reduction through a variety of partnerships or in-house measures, but
partnerships with TMAs like Palo Alto's TMA, Mountain View's TMA,
partnership with Stanford and the Marguerite shuttle, and also in-house
projects like what they're piloting as I mentioned during our Study Session
earlier today, their dynamic service model. Projects like that are very
important. I understand that VTA is actually already submitting this as a
project themselves, but we should be vocal in supporting it, setting up
funding and a mission to support TMAs and other TDM measures as they get
off the ground. VTA can't necessarily provide every bus and every shuttle
throughout the county, but at least they can help provide best practices,
provide guidance, provide some seed money and maybe even some ongoing
funding as well. The third big area I think is important is funding for a really
good study of comprehensive transportation throughout the county, but
especially West and North County. The letter we just authorized the Mayor
to sign supports that. Fourth, bike and pedestrian planning and coordination


                                                                         Page 82 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
