                          TRANSCRIPT
Susie Mitchell: Hi, my name is Susie Mitchell, a lifetime resident of Palo
Alto. For the past ten years, I've been a homeowner at Greenhouse. My
comments are with regard to traffic. Traffic is currently an extremely
serious problem in both directions on San Antonio, Leghorn and Middlefield.
Throughout the day and evening hours, those that need to travel on these
streets experience significant traffic congestion, backups and many times
there's gridlock. These hours are difficult to predict and quite negatively
affect all of us who live and work in these areas. Should Marriott's proposal
to build in the San Antonio location be approved, it's my opinion the existing
traffic situation will be made much, much worse in all directions of the
traffic. As we all know, the proposed hotels will have a single entrance and
exit onto San Antonio. Prior to meeting with Marriot a while back, I came up
with a list of vehicles that may use the single entrance and/or exit. Off the
top of my head, a list impacting traffic to this already congested area is as
follows: the 383 proposed parking spaces for guests, employees and valet
services; taxis, limos, corporate buses and Uber drivers; U.S. mail, FedEx,
UPS, DHL and other ground transportation vehicles will need to use this exit
and entrance; food and beverage trucks for the food areas; cable, HVAC,
pool, landscaping, painting, plumbing and other contractors on services not
employed directly by the hotel; garbage and recycle trucks; emergency
vehicles; special delivery services, florists and food not provided by the
hotels. These are just examples. Furthermore, depending on the desired
destination, hotel traffic will need to use Leghorn and Middlefield left-turn
lanes to make U-turns or use the surrounding streets. The left-turn lane at
Leghorn is the first light exiting the property eastbound, and it's necessary
to go into the left-turn lane which only really accommodates, like, five to six
cars. You have to cross the two lanes of the eastbound traffic to get into
that lane. More importantly, this left-turn lane is the only way into the
Greenhouse I or II eastbound on San Antonio. That's a problem in my
opinion. That's just one of the many negative traffic scenarios, and time
won't permit me to even address a handful of other ones. With this brief
presentation, I'd respectfully request a different location be identified for the
proposed Marriott hotels. This is just not the right spot. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speaker on this item is Rita Vrhel.

Rita Vrhel: Hi. I live on Channing Avenue, so I don't live anywhere near
this project. I do quite a bit of shopping down on San Antonio Road. Even
now, I have to plan the trips according to different times, so that I don't run
into school traffic, I don't run into commuter traffic. The times are limited.
If you go back to the slide that was up there, I think the slide shows
perfectly why this project is not appropriate for this neighborhood. This
project towers over the nearby buildings which, if I remember, are one to
two-story kind of—I don't want to say mom and pop, but pretty non-dense
                                                                          Page 9 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
