                           TRANSCRIPT

Mr. Keene: She was saying the opposite.

Council Member Kniss: I'm saying can we say on certain streets no bikes.

Mayor Holman: No bikes, I see. You weren't saying just (crosstalk)

Council Member Kniss: Not more bikes, no bikes.

Mayor Holman: I guess you could do one or the other. Staff will come back
with a response to both of those, I guess.

Mr. Keene: We won't do both of those simultaneously (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Could make for interesting signage, couldn't it? Thank you
very much.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Appointment of Candidates to the Architectural Review Board and the
     Planning and Transportation Commission.

Mayor Holman: That takes us to Item Number 2 which is appointments of
candidates for the Architectural Review Board and the Planning and
Transportation Commission. Council Members, we have ballots in front of
us. I don't see lights from anyone. As we say when we interview folks, it's
really important to realize that it's not a slam dunk usually in making these
decisions. Encourage anyone who maybe doesn't make it this time to apply
again. With that, we will go to Agenda Changes and Deletions while Clerk is
counting the votes.

[The Council returned to this item after City Manager Comments.]

Mayor Holman: We go now to the City Clerk. Do you have results of the
votes for ARB and Planning Commission?

First Round of voting for three positions on the Architectural Review Board
with terms ending December 15, 2018:

Voting For Peter Baltay:     Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss,
                             Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Voting For Robert Gooyer:    Berman, Burt, DuBois, Holman, Kniss, Scharff,
                             Wolbach

                                                                       Page 27 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
