                         TRANSCRIPT
structures to make sure that we don't do what the bottom right on that page
shows, which is a home with a 100-square-meter roof roughly that is
generating 100,000 watts of heat directly to global warming. The worst part
of it is it converts visible light into infrared which is what GHGs absorb.
Again, I'll be happy to explain the rest of this. I see my time is up, but if
you want at any time, please let me know. The problem is a serious one,
and it looks like it's being repeated on the El Camino Park renovation near
Stanford Shopping Center.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much for bringing this to our attention. Our
next public speaker is Neilson Buchanan to be followed by Michael Hodos.

Neilson Buchanan: Good evening, Council. I know you want to hear more
about the permit parking program, but I'd like to give you my current
perspective on where the program is and where it isn't. This last week
frankly I was a bit shocked and disappointed to find out one of the critical
deadlines to get started on enforcement of the permit program was going to
be delayed. I wasn't surprised, but I was a little shocked to learn it the way
I did learn it, which is basically somebody posted it on Nextdoor. I've been
part of a stakeholder process for longer than I even want to think about.
This started because Chop Keenan got up at this very microphone and said,
"We can't have a permit program until we start a collaboration process." I
leapt up out of my seat and actually said, "If he wants to collaborate, we'll
collaborate."    We've collaborated a lot, and we're still stumbling over
hurdles. The hurdle that we just encountered this last week was (inaudible)
pure and simple, that the proper number of permits issued to workers and
residents is in question. It's primarily in question because the website's not
working well. I can put that aside. That's a technical issue. President
Obama ran into the same problem in spades with the launch of Obamacare.
I can tell you the story of how that was solved. I got a special briefing on
that, and it's an amazing story. We'll get through that, and the stakeholders
will meet this Wednesday to begin to unravel that. There's some non-
technical ways to solve that problem. I want to talk about two other hurdles
very quickly, because I'm not sure they're being addressed properly. The
first hurdle is that, to my knowledge, there's no known methodology to
collect and analyze the parked vehicle patterns. That's going to be a real
hurdle, because the data has to be collected on foot.           I hope that's
something that the stakeholder group will immediately explore with Staff.
The next hurdle, after the data is collected, is going to be one of policy
issues that we've been raising, that need to be discussed. How many
nonresident people are going to be allowed to park in each neighborhood?
What is the distribution of those vehicles? Evenly or are they going to all be
jammed up closest to Lytton, for example. These are just three of the policy
issues. What about unlimited two-hour parking? We don't need to bother
                                                                        Page 6 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
