                          TRANSCRIPT
get to a lot of good wisdom and foresight that we don't have. Maybe an
option is to think through how you can reach us and the wider community in
a more effective way. I might suggest to you in lieu of verbatim minutes of
every time you send a recommendation to Council insert in it the place on
the media tape where the discussion of the UAC takes place; not the
presentations or the public comments, but where you as the Commission are
discussing back and forth or with Staff issues. That way we can get the
essence of your argument. I find that to have a group like yours that has
such experience and that is sharing with the community, it's important that
you reach out to us and help us with that insight that you have.

Council Member Burt: First, thanks to all of you for the work that you do
and the contributions you make and the thorough analysis that we
consistently receive from you. I want to touch on topics that several of you
raised. First, on what Commissioner Melton had raised about the criticality
of the second or western connection from PG&E to provide adequate
reliability in the event of a severe event. I'm trying to remember. It's now
been two or three years, maybe, since we saw our last report on that. I'd
like to see not only an update of where we are, but a set of alternatives on
how to resolve it. If we're looking at the cost and it's significant, then we as
a City may have to look at what would be the rate impact for that additional
reliability. We lay it on the table and decide whether we're willing to do it.
We're 20, now 20-plus percent below PG&E on electricity costs. If we have
to bite the bullet and take some portion of that to have the reliability, we'd
get heat on it in the near term, but we'd get big heat if we lose power again.
Second, on the fuel switching, I hope you're going to stick around because
tonight's agenda is going to be talking about our Climate Action Plan in
which this is a major component as we look long term how does any city or
government get to 80 percent reduction, what's more 100 percent, without
this. This is how to get there. Nobody's had to face that until now, because
nobody really had a plan. We had a bunch of aspirations around 80 percent
reduction, but nobody really has had a plan. We now can begin to formulate
that. More specifically, I'm interested in us looking now at whether we
should acquire additional renewable power purchase agreements beyond
what we've booked for the electric power demand we currently have, but to
begin to look at opportunistic, good deals like we've had. This is why we've
done so well; we've been very opportunistic on our buys. That would meet
whatever increase in demand of electricity we'll have going forward for fuel
switching. It'll build over time and we'll certainly offset some of that through
better efficiency. Second, as we have our oldest renewable contracts
expiring, with the very low rates that we have now, it would be prudent to
seriously examine booking some additional contracts. They take generally
several years before they come online. Finally, on the Fiber to the Premise,
I've been concerned that we as a City have been over-enamored with

04/20/2015                                                              117- 273
