                          TRANSCRIPT
definitely—another gentleman in the audience also mentioned this. I think
value capture in a way that is driven by our community priorities and land
use priorities is something we should absolutely include in further studies
and discussion. I also think that frankly, given that aesthetics is the fourth
priority after safety, circulation and costs, I don't think that some degree of
elevated tracks should be completely ruled out at the outset. I know that
we haven't been supportive of that in the past. If that's the way to get
grade separation throughout Palo Alto, I think we should have a serious,
honest conversation about it. It's done in other cities on the Peninsula.
There might be other ways to do it here more effectively. If it gives us the
safety, mobility improvements and is more cost effective, I wouldn't rule it
out.    I just want to make sure that as we're doing really thorough
discussions in the community and as we're doing thorough studies, whether
it's Staff or consultants or both, and as we're considering this conversation, I
want to make sure that we're keeping our options open.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I support Council Member Burt's notion that we need
time and serious discussion around the range of issues that are involved
here before committing to a time table. I do have a couple of questions
about Context Sensitive Solutions. I guess I'm concerned a little bit about
stakeholders as participants. I'm worried that the stakeholders involved are
the ones who define the issues, who limit the boundaries of discussions, who
set the costs and benefits, who benefits, who pays, and sometimes in there
secondary impacts can get lost. I think as representatives of community
and other communities around us need to have their clear voice in whatever
process we get involved in.

Mayor Holman: Just a couple of things. One is a question for the Staff
perhaps. When would we start the CSS process? When would we start
that? When would be the appropriate time to start it?

Mr. Keene: Thank you for that, Madam Mayor. I'm assuming maybe we're
getting close to sort of a conclusion of the Council's discussion on this "1"
and "2" part. If I could speak a little more expansively in response to your
question, because I think it's connected to a number of different things. By
the way, I would just add our voice on the Staff just listening to you talk to
the community members who spoke that this is a kind of sort of pivot point,
I think, for the City from where we had been in reacting to High Speed Rail
and in some ways maybe even just reacting to the Santa Clara tax measure
to really being proactive about how we move forward. If I could use a
metaphor, maybe it's not completely apt, but it's almost like we're reaching
a point of adaptation as we would in facing an important systems problem.
We've got to adjust to climate change, and we've got to face those issues
and take them on. In this same, whether it's High Speed Rail or not, we've
                                                                          Page 31 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
