                          TRANSCRIPT
haven't gotten any concerns from any of our local supermarkets. You
mentioned that you've personally done outreach to them.           I have an
admission to make. I haven't bought eggs in years. The last time I did, I
think they came in a Styrofoam container. What other options are—are our
grocery stores currently using other material? Is this going to be a problem
if Palo Alto's the only one that doesn't allow Styrofoam? Are the big egg
producers going to create a carve-out just for Palo Alto? Functionally, how is
this going to work?

Ms. Weiss: Most of the eggs are in the paperboard cartons, the fiber paper.
Sometimes you'll see them in a rigid plastic container. I did ask (inaudible)
one of the grocery stores, I talked with the managers and/or owner; in the
case of Safeway, I talked with their environmental health and safety person
who is the go-to for these sort of environmental ordinances. They did not
indicate that that was going to be an issue for them.

Council Member Berman: I had another question or two, but I'm blanking
on them. Thank you very much. It sounds like you've done a lot of
outreach. I really appreciate it. This was a very informative presentation to
kind of give us a sense of exactly how much of this stuff gets thrown away in
our community every year. That's a lot.

Ms. Weiss: You're welcome.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I eat eggs, and I can't remember the last time I got
eggs in a Styrofoam carton. I don't think it's a big issue. I want to thank
you for this ordinance. I did want to just touch on this packaging material
issue, because I think it's our next step and it’s a big one. One of the
problems that I think, from the recycling of it, a selected location like UPS is
that maybe you get 5 percent of the total material in the City that comes in
in peanuts have people who will go out of the way to recycle it, then we've
got 95 percent that doesn't. The other thing is as most of us are aware,
we're seeing packaging come in other materials that are better
environmentally and it works. I don't think we have a real technology
problem here. I'm seeing it come from suppliers or providers that are very
cost-oriented, so it can't be a big cost differential. I just don't think there's
an issue. Ideally we'll see this on the State level, but we can also pursue it
through the Santa Clara County Cities Association. There's been a number
of these kinds of efforts where cities, whether it's the grocery bag fees or
some of these other things where we've gotten cooperation. I think one
small city making a change may not do it. If you get the County, all the
cities, 2 million people in Santa Clara County and maybe a sub-regional

                                                                             Page 65 of 71
                                                              City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/9/15
