                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: What you're talking about is looking at the potential sunset
for nonconforming uses?

Council Member Scharff: Yes.

Ms. Gitelman: It's not currently addressed on there, but you're right, it
would be in Item j where we'd look at conditions that would apply to
nonconforming uses. One of them being that if you demolish or rehabilitate,
you have to comply with the new Ordinance. Another could be a sunset date
of some kind for nonconforming ground-floor offices. We could look at that.
I'm a little concerned that that, like the parking thing, will require some
analysis that might slow this down, but we can certainly do that.

Council Member Scharff: Maybe we could add "m," "n," "o," "p," "q,"
another one that says "Staff will analyze and come back to us." This doesn't
have to be the highest priority right away on these things. I want to address
that at some point. "Direct Staff to analyze and return to Council with
mechanisms to ...

Mayor Holman: To sunset.

Council Member Burt: To make nonconforming uses conforming.

Council Member Scharff: Yes, "to make nonconforming uses conforming." I
would agree with that. "On California Avenue." We want to limit it to there
for now.

Mayor Holman: I would accept that, except I just want to be clear with Staff
that this should not hold up an Ordinance that comes back to us. That and
the parking requirements. Wherever it is now; everything's changed. I
need Council Member Wolbach's approval of this too, since he's the
seconder. I'm looking for the one that says ...

Council Member Scharff: That's "p."

Mayor Holman: Yeah, "p." There it is.

Council Member Wolbach: "Q" is fine, but I'll wait a minute maybe, unless
you'd like me to offer it now. I'd recommend an Amendment to "p."

Mayor Holman: Are you okay with "q"?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes, I am fine with "q."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, "Direct Staff to analyze and
                                                                       Page 90 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
