                          TRANSCRIPT
wage law. I believe that the minimum wage should be in the form of a
conversion of Social Security tax to its original purpose, which was to
provide health and housing and basic human needs for people who made too
little an amount to save for them. That's been converted into a pure tax.
Baskin-Robbins and little restaurants are now being asked to make up for
the amount that the workers don't get. It's obvious that they don't get
enough to live here in Palo Alto. I think the last part of that ordinance, that
all compostable garbage should be forcibly sent into the compost waste
stream, should be changed to give them an opportunity to do something
else. For instance, call Judy Klein over at Chamber of Commerce and say,
"Look, Judy, how about a campaign to have all the restaurants have the
people take out doggie bags?" Many do anyway, but have a place that they
could take them nearby, like in the parking lot attended by a low-paid
person, who could then give this leftover food to homeless people if it's
suitable. How about that instead? Thanks.

Public Hearing closed at 7:20 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Again, to begin with questions and
comments. Let's start three minutes and see how far we can get. Council
Member Scharff then Vice Mayor Schmid.

Council Member Scharff: You want me to go first, right?

Mayor Holman: Please.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you very much for bringing this to us. You
brought it to us at Finance back in March. The focus of that at the time was
on commercial customers. What you basically told us, to summarize, is
what we're going to do is we're going to make composting mandatory for
our commercial businesses. I actually have a couple of questions on the
ordinance that will probably take longer than three minutes. I'll come back
to it afterwards. There's a lot of things in this ordinance that go far beyond
that which we never got to discuss at Finance. I have some concern that we
really bypassed the Committee process on this, that we didn't get to go
through the ordinance, we didn't get a chance to ask the questions. This is
a pretty detailed ordinance. I tell you, I'm not sure I understand how it
works, frankly. I'll ask some of the broad-based questions. I don't think we
got the opportunity to go through it that we should have had at a
Committee-level process. I think that's unfortunate. My big question is in
your presentation and on page 7 of the ordinance, packet page 337, under
5.20.30 is where it talks about all persons shall separate their refuse
according to its characteristics as solid. Basically, what that does is it
imposes an obligation under the ordinance for every single person in Palo

                                                                        Page 20 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
