                           TRANSCRIPT
get used to that change. Having some finite period, whether it's a year or 6
months—again, identify what the appropriate timeframe is—can be helpful to
not have us quite frankly constantly chasing our tail in what might be a
reaction to an immediate change.

Vice Mayor Schmid: On this issue, Council Member DuBois, did you have a
comment?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, two comments. On that last point, I
understood "B" to actually be a method to short circuit that. Again, we were
giving approval now that if people came forward with a petition, they could
immediately be added.

Ms. Gitelman: To the existing District, yes. The 1-year process that I think
we're referring to is establishment of a new District, and that's laid out in the
Citywide Ordinance.

Council Member DuBois: Again, there's this idea that we'll let people add
onto the existing District very quickly, no waiting for impact. I can't find it,
but I thought in reading all this material I also read the idea that these
zones would potentially have a different number of permits issuable. I think
what we're really talking about is a fourth zone that has zero permits.
Again, it doesn't seem like a big deal. You could have a lot Downtown, a
little bit less, a little bit less. Again, once you get so far out, we're calling it
the Downtown District, but you're approaching Highway 101.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Wolbach, on this issue.

Council Member Wolbach: Just briefly because I wanted to let Council
Member Burt get back to offering his friendly amendments. Between the
flexibility of micro zones and the flexibility of "A" and "B" here, especially
"B," I think we're still giving a lot of space to Staff to tweak these various
zones, how many employee permits would be allowed in each zone. I think
they're definitely hearing the message that we don't want to just move the
employees further away. One of my concerns and I think one of the reasons
it does need to get a little bit more work is if we expand the area of the RPP,
but we don't expand the area that those 2,000 employees can go, then you
might end up with still having a great concentration of employees within that
limited area. If you can distribute them more, then more blocks and more
neighborhoods might see an employee or two parked on the street, but it
might be so modest that, and if it's spread out enough, nobody ends up
really feeling a negative impact. I'll let Council Member Burt get back to his
friendly amendments.


                                                                            Page 66 of 126
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 12/14/15
