                         TRANSCRIPT
raised in Palo Alto and attended Palo Alto schools, as did my three children.
I joined CPI in 1981 back when it was Varian Associates, and I have worked
there for the past 34 years. I'm a senior human resources representative at
CPI. I work with and am a voice for the approximately 600 employees that
CPI has in this City. We chose not to invite employees here tonight. Instead
these petitions were signed by hundreds of CPI employees. In them, the
employees state, on behalf of themselves and their families, they feel safe
working at CPI every day. I'd like to tell you about our employees, because
they are quite impressive and unique to this area. As I mentioned, we have
approximately 600 employees in Palo Alto. On average, they've been
working at CPI for more than 20 years. That loyalty and dedication is
unheard of in this day and age, and I believe it speaks volumes about the
type of company and employer CPI is. Our employee base ranges from
office workers to assemblers and technicians to scientists and engineers.
We have more than 200 engineers in Palo Alto, and we actively recruit from
California colleges. In my role in HR, I help oversee the extensive training
programs that we have. Many of these focus on health and safety because
by keeping our employees safe, we can keep our community safe. In
addition, we conduct extensive annual physicals on employees involved in
the handling of chemicals. They're our colleagues and our friends, and we
want to make sure that they remain healthy. I can assure you that our
employees are not a shy group. If they did not feel safe working at CPI,
they would let me and others know. If they saw a safety concern, they
would speak up. They are regularly encouraged to do so. Yet, their many
years of service as well as the signed petitions that I have here tonight
attest to the fact that our employees feel that CPI is a very safe place. As a
lifelong resident of Palo Alto and as someone who has seen the nuts and
bolts of the operation since 1981, I have no concerns about the safety of CPI
operating in Palo Alto. Thank you for your time tonight.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.    Sue Courchaine to be followed by Doug
Daugherty.

Sue Courchaine, CPI Employee: Hello. I am Sue Courchaine, and I am a
CPI employee. I have been with the company for 37 years. In fact, I am
the manager of the plate shop in Palo Alto, and all of its employees report in
to me. It is my job to oversee not only the safety of the plate shop but the
well-being of its employees. I have 16 employees in the plate shop. They
are all very highly trained. On average, they have been with CPI for more
than 17 years. Every year these employees are required to participate in
more than 70 mandatory job training sessions, and skipping is never an
option. If a question or concern arises in the course of a workday, in
addition to our experienced plate shop staff, we have a chemist and safety
experts on hand and immediately available to help with any issue. Our
                                                                           Page 51 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
