                          TRANSCRIPT
a crosswalk where it's desperately needed. There's a lot more that we as a
City need to do in that area. That's it for now.

Council Member Berman: My first question is for Staff. I'm trying to wrap
my head around the DEE and understanding the Commission's explanation
for granting it. If I own a property that's between the site at issue and Palo
Alto Central—it's adjacent to Palo Alto Central—and I want to build a mixed-
use project, I can go up to 50 feet. Is that what I'm getting? I should be
asking you guys.

Ms. Silver: Yes, that's correct. Those other properties are also zoned CC(2).

Council Member Berman: If I own a property between Palo Alto Central and
2555 Park and I want to build a commercial property, how high can I go?

Mr. Reich: 37 feet.

Council Member Berman: That's what I thought. I'm not seeing Item
Number 1 under granting a DEE, I don't think it's met.                There are
exceptional or extraordinary circumstances or conditions applicable to the
property or site improvements involved that do not apply generally to
property in the same zone district. I love the idea of rooftop; that's a great
thing. Here the applicant is offering to build a 100 percent commercial
property. They get to go to 37 feet. Next door, if they build a 100 percent
commercial property, they get to go to 37 feet. Is that correct? It seems
like the same situation applies to both sites. Therefore, for me, Item
Number 1 under granting a DEE isn't met. Maybe somebody will point out
how that's wrong. That seems to be the case in this instance. That's
addressing the DEE issue, as much as I might like the idea of a rooftop
patio. I'm not too concerned, to be honest, about the parking lifts. The
explanation is there are seven different parking lift units that are going to be
in the parking garage. Three are on the first floor and four are on the
second floor. A question that I have for somebody who knows more about
parking lifts than I do is, is there one designated spot that is used to park in
and then the rest shuffle. If there are two spots open at grade, can two
people park in those spots at the same time? Let me know if that question
doesn't make sense.

Mr. Reich: It's my understanding it's one vehicle per machine at a time. If
the applicant has a different ... That's correct.

Council Member Berman:        A bunch of my colleagues have mentioned
concerns about the intersections at Grant and at Sherman. That's absolutely
right. We've been getting emails about that. I've been getting emails about
that for 2 1/2 years. This project does a good job of addressing some of
                                                                         Page 76 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
