                         TRANSCRIPT
given that now there's a new residential parking program that sort of
complicates even further the way that the questions were worded. We felt,
and based on the feedback from many, many folks that we talked to, that
those questions were in fact very confusing. Although we agree that the
data is critical, we feel that asking them through the Registry as opposed to
having Staff do a more proactive analysis will yield us many erroneous
entries.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: If I could add also, Council Member.
Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager. Part of the feedback we got was also
specifically related to multitenant buildings. Some of the challenges in
aggregating tenant-by-tenant leases where there might be some variability
in how parking spaces are assigned to individual leases, parking spaces that
may be shared among different tenants, and spaces that, for example, might
be available under certain time periods but not 24/7. I think it was part of
the recognition that the variability of the responses when aggregated from
individual businesses could lead to erroneous conclusions on the cumulative
total. Those are some of the considerations.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess one thing that I'd put out there for
consideration is if we have a Business Registry that does not ask questions
about parking, then could we use the data we have about businesses for the
Registry so we'd know who to contact in the future if we decided to do a
survey like the TMA did for Downtown, if we wanted to do a Citywide parking
survey or transportation survey. As a member of the public identified, there
are a couple of important questions that I would actually like to add onto
this, whether it's as part of the Registry or an independent survey. Where
employees are coming from by ZIP Code. I'll wrap up in just a couple of
minutes or sooner. Then also I think there's a lot of information we need to
be getting from employers about where their employees are coming from,
how they're getting here. If we are dropping it from the application, just
want to make sure we could still use the contact list for a follow-up survey.

Mr. Fehrenbach: Certainly, yes.

Mr. Shikada: Council Member, I was simply perhaps going to add that we
can get that information at a property level as well, in addition to the
individual businesses.    To your point, it can be used either with the
businesses in terms of a survey or aggregated at a property address level.

Council Member Wolbach: The last couple of things, I'll just make sure
colleagues are considering. One is the question of resources. On page 5,
you say additional resources are likely going to be necessary if we want to
achieve 100 percent compliance. Then on page 10, you say you're not

                                                                      Page 18 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
