                         TRANSCRIPT
professional studies that were done. I don't know if Staff had any responses
to some of the concerns that were brought up.

Mr. Lait: Thank you for that question. The shade study, just to be clear,
Staff did not say that there would not be no impact, that there would not be
any shadows. We acknowledge that there would be shadows on Lane 30
and also the building across Lane 30 as well as on Kipling and the façade of
the building across the street on Kipling. What we said was that there would
not be a significant impact to public spaces, which is the criterion used to
assess the CEQA impact. Under that threshold, we're not seeing it rise to a
level of significance. There will be shadows. I think our Staff Report also
acknowledges the distinction between filtered light from trees as opposed to
a solid shadow from a building. I think we acknowledged all those points in
our Staff Report. There was nothing new about the public testimony that
would cause us to change our perspective.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: The shadow reports were a little bit difficult to see.
I mean, they're 2-D projections obviously. It's hard to see elevation
changes. I'm concerned about impacts on Kipling, particularly the first
Victorian which is actually a residence where people live. I mean, it looked
like the whole front of their house would be in shade for several months a
year. The yoga studio on the Staff Report on page 33 looks like will be
entirely in shade. I think this comes down to the context and compatibility
criteria. I did attend the most recent ARB and HRB meetings, and I looked
at all the Minutes for the several ARB meetings as well as our Council
meeting that we had several months ago. Shifting the mass back on the
property, I think it just makes the narrow Kipling Street actually worse, not
better. Again, when you look at this building in context on these images
from the various streets, it's all kind of one and 1 1/2-story buildings, and
then it jumps to four stories. The scale just seems really out of place. While
some revisions were made, I don't think it addresses the fundamental issues
that we brought up last time we talked about this. I heard multiple
comments in the ARB meeting that the building's just too big. I agree with
our HRB that found it out of context. At the last ARB meeting, one of the
ARB Members said it just doesn't meet the standards set by other buildings
Downtown. I think we're starting to hear kind of quality concerns about the
building as well. I'm not relying on this, but I agree with one of the letters
from the public that stated our ordinance for seismic TDRs says
rehabilitation of buildings. I don't think that would cover demolition. It's
also clear from the new traffic study that there's regular, illegal use of the

                                                                          Page 26 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
