                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: It would be two things. A new "f" would be "study
shadow patterns and circulation analysis including in Lane 30." I think it's
clear that Lane 30 isn't talking to shadow patterns.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion under Architectural Review
Board, “study circulation analysis including on Lane 30.”

Council Member DuBois: I thought it was clearer to separate those. It looks
like Lane 30 applies to both.

Council Member Burt: Then just make the circulation "G."

Mayor Holman: You're both good with that. Are we there?

Council Member Burt: "Additional studies," that next line we can delete, I
think. "Greater respect for the context between the site's development and
adjacent street types," have we covered that adequately elsewhere? You
can delete that part. We just have these two things to go. What's your
recommendation, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: Just make them "H" and "I."

Mayor Holman: City Attorney Silver, you had some language that I have
lost. In the first part of the Motion "to continue the appeal," you had
language about the Applicant returning to the ARB and HRB with a
redesigned project.

Ms. Silver: Yes. I would suggest that after that first sentence that reads,
"continue the appeal," add language of "and request the Applicant to
redesign the project and return to the ARB and HRB." Both the HRB and the
ARB are reviewing the updated plans.

Mayor Holman: The direction that we're giving the HRB and the ARB, that's
going to give the Applicant guidance on redesigning the project. Correct?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “and to the Architectural
Review Board to address the following issues” with “and request the
Applicant design the project and return to the Architectural Review Board
and the Historic Resources Board to address the following issues.”

Mr. Hayes: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Under Architectural Review Board, we need to delete the
words "that the Applicant redesign the project," because we carried that
                                                                     Page 98 of 105
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 05/04/15
