                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: If I can offer another point on that. The PC regulations already
exist in the Zoning Code. The changes that we are making, we're deleting
sections, we're adding some clarification, but we're not introducing any
regulatory standards that change—in fact, we go the other direction to
ensure that it's compliant with the Comprehensive Plan. We're not making
any changes that would create a greater deviation than already exists in the
Code. That's why 15061(b)(3) and 15305 were chosen.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, just to kind of get an idea, can you show
me how many people have questions as opposed to comments? Are there
very many questions? Council Member Kniss, do you have questions? I'm
just trying to get an indication of how many people have questions. Council
Member DuBois, Council Member Kniss have questions.

Council Member Kniss: I don't have ones that are burning at the moment.

Mayor Holman: I'm just wondering if we can just go straight to comments.
That's what I'm trying to find out here. Council Member DuBois, you have
questions?

Council Member DuBois: I just have one quick question. We did get the
Ordinance late. Apologies if I didn't catch it. It looked like you removed the
requirement to submit plans. Is that included in a further section outside
the Ordinance? There was the whole thing with plans and schedules.

Mr. Lait: The reason we did that is because we wanted to reduce elements
of the Ordinance that we typically handle at an administrative level. The
way this typically works is that the Director sets forth through our
applications those procedural requirements that we need at an
administrative level. This also gives us the benefit of making modifications
to our application requirements without having to go through a Code
amendment to add some provision or to delete some provision that we no
longer need. We would take this information and put it into our application,
which is more flexible on how we (inaudible) that.

Council Member DuBois: It did refer to 18.30.080, which I believe still calls
out all those documents. Is that ...

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. Can you show me the section you're referring to?

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. I was trying to make this a quick
question. I think it says according to ...

Mr. Lait : Yeah. I believe that section simply refers to the City may from
time to time establish application forms, submittal requirements, etc., that
                                                                         Page 59 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
