                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: Did you have any further comments? Vice Mayor Schmid.
Pardon me, but somebody has turned on a light that is on the other side of
Marc Berman. It's not so late, that we have extraterrestrials visiting.

Council Member Kniss: Is he under your seat?

Council Member Berman: Yeah. A gremlin.

Vice Mayor Schmid: This is a project that's been 15 years in the making.
It's a project focused on kids, bikes, schools, community sites, the quality of
life in South Palo Alto. I appreciate very much the presentation we had. It
was very clear exactly what's taking place on each of the corners and areas.
It was very helpful to see in visual terms what we've been talking about.
I'm supporting the project. I just have a couple of technical questions about
the very end of Fabian and Charleston. Fabian is an important street for
Palo Alto. It's where Meadow and Fabian come together with Charleston and
100 yards beyond that cross San Antonio. There's been a big growth in
traffic on San Antonio. I note traffic backs up sometimes to Fabian, making
it difficult for through traffic. I was surprised in the Staff Report and the
presentation that you have a dedicated left-turn lane westbound. It shows
up three places in your report. The traffic numbers say there are 1,250 cars
in the morning going westbound, seven of them make a left turn. It
mystifies me why that important street has a dedicated left-turn lane
westbound.

Mr. Zewdie: Actually the numbers we have for that movement—I'm sorry.
Westbound, yeah. What we have here, the constraint is actually on the
western leg of the intersection. As you come eastbound on Charleston, we
are providing a left-turn lane for that movement that has 135 (crosstalk)
right.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. Eastbound there's—absolutely right.           You need
that left turn. But westbound ...

Mr. Zewdie: In the westbound direction, basically by the fact that we have
an eastbound left-turn lane, in front of that left-turn lane on the opposite
side, we have room to provide that left-turn lane to Charleston.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Seven cars in four hours and ...

                                                                        Page 98 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
