                             MINUTES
2.    Short-Term Rentals     and   Home   Occupation    Uses   in   Residential
      Neighborhoods.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
the Study Session resulted from a Colleague's Memo in late 2014. The Staff
Report summarized the current zoning provisions related to transient or
short-term rentals of residences in Palo Alto. There currently were no
exceptions to the prohibition of short-term use of residences despite the
prevalence of vacation rentals. The Zoning Ordinance permitted home
occupations subject to specific parameters; however, there was no permit
process. All Code provisions predated the sharing economy. Staff provided
sample Ordinances from San Luis Obispo and the City and County of San
Francisco. The Staff Report contained information regarding the current
Code Enforcement Program.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT)
receipts were due to the City for any short-term rental of 30 days or less. In
the fall of 2014, voters updated the TOT to increase the rate and to clarify
that any broker that arranged a rental was responsible for collecting and
remitting the TOT to the City. The City was informing various entities that
arranged vacation rentals through websites of the new tax requirement. In
recent months, larger entities agreed to collect and remit taxes in other,
larger jurisdictions. Staff hoped to have productive dialogs with those
entities. As a policy matter, there could be a connection between the
approach the Council wanted Staff to take on tax matters and zoning issues.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the issue raised a number of policy questions such as
the effect on the availability of housing; the potential commercialization of
residential properties and Palo Alto neighborhoods; and the issue of fairness
for both hotels and vacation rentals to pay taxes. On the other hand,
property owners were utilizing short-term rental income to pay their
mortgages or rent each month. The Council could address changing needs
through policy changes.       Next steps included collection of the TOT,
continuing Code Enforcement efforts, and potential amendments to the
Zoning Ordinance if directed by the Council.        This would be a time-
consuming endeavor because of the high amount of public interest and the
amount of effort needed to develop an updated set of Zoning Regulations.

Chris Casey indicated her Airbnb guests, one at a time, received a bedroom,
half-bath, shared shower facilities, and a full breakfast and snacks.

She was careful about who stayed in her home. After taxes and expenses,
she received sufficient income to pay her utility bills.



03/09/2015                                                               117- 61
