                         TRASNCRIPT
you're talking with planning people, VTA, herein Palo Alto, would that include
the possibility of a trench or a tunnel?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: That was my understanding. I was in a kind of
offline debate with a colleague about that. I just wanted to clarify that that
would not preclude and could include a trench or tunnel.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: I can tell you when you're on these regional
bodies, they don't believe that. They think when you say grade separation,
they're thinking traditional grade separation like they're doing everywhere.
No one is thinking of giving Palo Alto a tunnel. If we want a tunnel, we need
to say tunnel. Otherwise, we are asking for grade separations, and that's
what they're going to talk about giving us. Then they're going to be really
upset when we have a community backlash. I recall when this came to
Council and, I think, half the people here said we wouldn't do that. We
wouldn't have the eminent domain issues; we wouldn't lose the houses and
all that. I think we're going down a path on this to set ourselves up in a way
that's going to be disastrous, because we are not saying tunnel. We're
saying grade separation. Everyone else, I'm telling you, thinks Palo Alto
then wants grade separation, not a tunnel.

Council Member Burt: I would support language—I think to get us through
this shortly, once again, we should give Staff guidance on what we want as
opposed to trying to have perfect wordsmithing. I think that under our
grade separation section, we want to have language that clearly states that.
We've been interchanging tunnels with trench. Our policy has been trench.
So that we are embracing a trench approach where appropriate. That would
be one just amendment that would be essentially a guidance. Let me just
say that ...

Mayor Holman: To the City Clerk, if you can capture that.

Council Member DuBois: It's not a motion. It's really a policy. Trenching is
not a goal.

Council Member Burt: We have the trenching under a goal, don't we?

Council Member DuBois: I think it's a (inaudible).

Council Member Burt: Where is it?


                                                                      Page 116 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
