                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Sure. I would just say that "Council will come
back in the first quarter of 2016 to develop goals for its fiber network
including but not limited to looking at creating a ubiquitous fiber network in
Palo Alto." Something along those lines. I'm not ...

Council Member DuBois: It's kind of implied in there that we'd set the goal,
but that we would do this RFI to go out and collect information and also see
what Google would do. Would you be willing to say we adopt a goal and
that we'll revise it in the first quarter? I think part of what we're seeing is
we haven't been clear in our goals.

Mayor Holman: Can I say, Council Member DuBois, then you're offering
specific language under which you would accept Council Member Scharff's
amendment?

Council Member DuBois I guess I would, yeah, I would edit "A" to say that
we "adopt a goal of creating this ubiquitous network reaching nearly all
residents and with City ownership of assets and that goal would be revisited
in the first quarter of 2016 based on these other items."

Council Member Scharff: Okay. I can look at that. That's fine.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, do you accept that as seconder?

Council Member Burt: Yeah.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part A, “and
that goal will be revisited in the first quarter of 2016.”

Council Member Scharff: I want to get into a little bit of understanding on if
we're not accepting the report and we're telling them to come back. You're
understanding of this would be that they come back with just that key
information that the report's lacking and they do an amendment to the
report, at which time we look at that again in the first quarter when we
come back on goals, or do you want them to send us an informational
report? From a practical point of view, how do you see this playing out?

Council Member DuBois: I kind of saw it as an informational report. I'm not
sure if that was the right language. Hopefully the intent is clear.


                                                                        Page 51 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
