                         TRANSCRIPT
or impossible. If you don't have time tonight, I would urge you to continue
that portion. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jeff Levinsky to be followed by Herb Borock.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Holman, Council Members and Staff.
Palo Altans want reform in how our City manages development. This is
manifest in the Maybell referendum, the 2014 Council election and the
annual Citizens Survey. It's no wonder why. Our Zoning Code is riddled
with loopholes that provide millions of dollars of benefits to developers while
we are saddled with endless traffic and commuter parking jamming our
neighborhoods. Incredibly, the proposed changes before you would continue
many of these loopholes, enlarge others and create entirely new ones. It
would make more development decisions in private rather than in open
view. We call on you to stop that. You, the Council, pledged to not repeat
the 27 University debacle, but just this year once again City Staff worked to
help a developer who sought something that wasn't compliant with the law.
In this case, it was the University Arts Building which submitted plans with
inadequate parking despite the immense shortage of parking we have
Downtown. We pointed out to Staff this wasn't legal, but they approved the
plans anyway. I'm going to repeat that. We pointed out to Staff this wasn't
legal, and they approved the plans anyway. Five of us appealed the
approval, and the owner proposed new plans that would comply with the
parking law, but this unhappy incident proves that the City Development
Staff cannot be relied upon to enforce the law even when they know
beforehand it's a violation. Tonight the very same Staff have put before you
new proposals that would increase their power. They want to undo your
own decision last year to adhere to decades old rules about noncompliant
buildings. They want to let developers of multiunit sites put in fewer units
than the Code specifies. They want new power to keep even more decisions
hidden from public review and input. After 27 University and the University
Art debacles, that would clearly be the wrong direction. Rather, we ask you
to reject all language in the proposed ordinance that would reduce
transparency, weaken Council control and undercut laws already in place.
Please protect our City by saying no to these behind the scenes developer
giveaways and yes to openness and the rule of law. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Our final speaker on this item tonight is Herb Borock.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members, previous speaker spoke
in general terms. I've only been able to review a few of the items. They are
the same as what he said, so I don't have any confidence in the others. I
believe the Tier 2 items should be deferred to later use. When you go out to
one of them on packet page 384 on the seismic rehabilitation, I believe the

                                                                        Page 39 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
