                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt: For UAC?

Council Member DuBois: UAC, PTC, whatever. For me, I'm going to be
voting for Mark Harrison. I really liked his utilities experience, Palo Alto,
Mountain View, and then his career as a teacher. I thought he brought a
very good perspective, a little bit different than what's on the UAC right now.
That was good as well.

Council Member Berman: I could just say ditto. When I was walking home,
I was just so impressed, pleased, happy. I think this is the second time this
has happened with the UAC, the number of ridiculously qualified, incredibly
strong candidates that have applied. I think I sent out a tweet that night
saying I could pick five or six of the eleven people that applied. I had the
pleasure of serving with Mark Harris on IBRC and really enjoyed. We've
stayed friends since, and I just saw the value that he adds to a big group
that's trying to get through kind of difficult issues. I think his background
really lends itself well. I'll be supporting Mark.

Council Member Wolbach: I will be the third to say the same thing, that the
number of abundantly qualified people applying for the UAC was great to
see. We had 11 applicants. I think that they each would bring something
really valuable and useful. They all bring great experience. There were at
least three or four that I have had a really hard time narrowing down
between. Another half dozen that were supremely qualified. I will take the
liberty of repeating what Council Member DuBois said, that I strongly
encourage all of the applicants to continue to stay involved in Palo Alto
whether it's through City government opportunities or otherwise. After a lot
of deliberation about this, my first choice is going to be Marianne Wu. I
think that she brings a really interesting mix of technical and utility and
business experience that I think is very useful. I thought her to be an
outstanding communicator. If that wasn't enough, it wouldn't hurt to have a
little bit more diversity on the UAC, to be quite frank. Right now we have
five white guys and one white woman. As a white guy, I don't have a
problem with white guys; it's just it would be nice to see a little bit of
diversity. On top of that, Marianne did stand out through her qualifications
and her communication skills.

Council Member Scharff: I did actually watch all of the videos. I was really
impressed again with the outstanding candidates we had. We really did. For
me, Marianne Wu really stood out, but so did Arne Ballantine, frankly. I
thought Mark Harris did a good job, and Mr. Gupta did a really good job. For
me, those were the top four. I think we'll be lucky if we have any of the
four. For me, I think I'm still struggling between Arne Ballantine and


                                                                        Page 34 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
