                          TRANSCRIPT
the first things you notice is how many trees are here. Something that you
may notice is the graffiti. This is in large part due to the two painters that
when they're not painting offices or accent walls, they help to keep Palo Alto
beautiful. The care for these buildings is no small task. It takes a team with
good leadership, a team that knows their buildings and has the expertise to
do the job right. I like to say we can fix everything from the ground up. I
love what I do, and I love to do it for the City I care for. We are just one
spoke in the wheel. I hope to continue to provide the services Palo Alto
deserves. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, and thank you for your service. Diane Meyers
to be followed by Aimee Bailey. Again, if speakers would please come to the
front row, it would be most helpful. Thank you.

Diane Meyers: Good evening. I'm going to speak on a different topic. First,
I would like to thank the representatives of the Council who came to the first
neighborhood meeting that we had at Duveneck School. I appreciate also
the participation of the City Staff who also participated in that meeting. It
was really very informative, and it was a wonderful conversation. I hope
that process continues. I'd like to speak on something that was touched on
at that meeting, and that was the air traffic noise. I came to this community
in 1984 with my family. The reason we came was because we value the
quiet that this City provides us. I live in the Triple El neighborhood which is
just across 101 from the local Palo Alto Airport. I know that this evening
you'll be touching on the topic of the airport. I wanted to register my
concern about the noise that the airport and its air traffic produces. We are
constantly reminded about the helicopters that are in training over our
neighborhood. It has affected the joy that we have in being outdoors in our
own backyard. It interferes with our quiet space that we have there. I
know that so much of the SEC controls what happens in and out of that
airport, but I do know that the City of Palo Alto as the administrators for that
airport does have some control. I ask that you please keep our interests in
mind when you make decisions that do affect the airport and the traffic that
travels through it. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, and thank you for mentioning the neighborhood
meeting. Actually our next one is December 3rd. Watch the City calendar
for that. Aimee Bailey to be followed by Amy Christel.

Aimee Bailey: Thank you very much for the opportunity to speak. I'm
Aimee Bailey. I'm a resource planner in the resource management group in
Val's Utilities Department. I'm very happy to share a little bit about what I
do. I'm one of five resource planners, so this is kind of representative work.
I work mainly on local solar, and then emerging technologies and

                                                                             Page 27 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
