                          TRANSCRIPT

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: Based on the comments by Council Member Burt as Chair of
Policy and Services and Staff, it sounds like this can return to the Council
before the end of the year for adoption. Is that correct, City Manager?

Mr. Keene: Pardon me?

Mayor Holman: Based on the comments by Council Member Burt and Staff,
it sounds like this can make it to Policy and Services and back to Council for
approval yet this year.

Mr. Keene: All right, we'll do our part on the Staff.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Thank you to the members of the
public who came, who were members of the stakeholder group especially.
With that, we move to Item Number 12. I should share this. Council
Member Wolbach's comment about getting this back before the end of the
year was Council Member Wolbach said that's aspirational.

12.   Council Direction on Selection of Voting Delegate for the National
      League of Cities Annual Business Meeting on Saturday, November 7,
      2015.

Mayor Holman: Item Number 12, then we move to Council direction on
selection of voting delegate for the National League of Cities Annual Business
Meeting on Saturday, November 7, 2015.

Council Member Kniss: I would move approving Karen Holman as our Mayor
voting Saturday afternoon in Nashville with her two votes.

Council Member Scharff: Second.

Male: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Kniss, second by Council Member
Scharff, I think was first, to designate the Mayor as the voting delegate for
the National League of Cities Annual Business Meeting.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to designate Mayor Holman as the Voting Delegate for the National
League of Cities (NLC) Annual Business Meeting.

Mayor Holman: Typically we have alternates as well. Council Member.
                                                                        Page 77 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
