                          TRANSCRIPT
appropriate continued use. We had in the SOFA Plan a real long discussion
about, by long like a year or two, about how we retain automotive services
in the SOFA area. There are certain areas of town where they've existed.
They've been essentially compatible, especially with automotive services
having cleaned up their act over what they used to be 20 years ago. They're
a more compatible use to surroundings. We're not saying it would have to
become a restaurant. We're saying that there are a bunch of retail functions
that it could be, and services as well. One of those is automotive.

Council Member Scharff: I don't quite see it as a compatible use. A body
shop on a ground floor with an office building above it. I just don't see that
as a compatible use.

Council Member Burt:     You're saying that they'd redevelop and keep
automotive on the ground floor as opposed to keep it as automotive.

Council Member Scharff: What I’m saying is this. They have an application
in. They bought the project recently or whenever they bought it. At the
point the zoning allowed them to build an office building. We would now be
saying that you could only keep it as an automotive service, the way it is. I
don't think that's fair.

Council Member Burt: I don't think that's what we would be saying. We'd
be saying that any permitted retail use would be allowed there.

Council Member Scharff: Right. When I'm thinking about retail uses that far
down, the only thing that I can come up with that would make any sense is
a restaurant, and it's way too big.

Council Member Burt: I would think a restaurant would be the last thing
that would be there. I think there's a whole bunch of other service uses.
Let me ask a question of Staff. Under the assumption that Council Member
Scharff will not be receptive to including automotive services if it applied to
that site, what language would we be allowed to have that basically, if I read
it right, it would have to carve out from the effective date automotive
services. Is that correct? Do you follow that and is that doable? That way
we wouldn't lose other automotive services going forward. That would be
the impact of that. We'd lose the one on Park, but ...

Ms. Gitelman: You're getting to the point that is raised by this most recent
Amendment, which is whether the Ordinance applies to applications
submitted to the City or approved by that March 2nd date. Am I wrong? I
think that's exactly what this ...


                                                                         Page 61 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
