                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: No, I'm fine. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you so much. Appreciate your time and your efforts.
We look forward to a more proactive future. Thank you so much.

Council took a break from 7:20 P.M. until 7:34 P.M.

2.    Study Session on Public Safety Building and Site Selection Process.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Good evening, Mayor Holman and
Members of the City Council. I'm Mike Sartor; I'm the Public Works Director.
We're here tonight to talk about the Council infrastructure priority project
Public Safety Building and the work we have done on identifying potential
sites for that building. With us tonight we have Brad Eggleston, to my right,
the Assistant Director of Public Works, who will be doing the presentation.
Also with us is the Project Manager, Matt Raschke from Public Works. We
have Staff from the Public Safety groups, Chief Burns, Director Dueker, Geo
Blackshire from the Fire Department, and others.          We have our Real
Property Manager, Hamid Ghaemmaghami, who has been working diligently
on trying to identify both private and public sites. We also have Tomm
Marshall from our Utility Department that can talk about the PG&E site if you
have questions on that. Lastly, with us is Michael Ross from Ross Drulis
Cusenbery, if there's any questions you might have on the Public Safety
Building program. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad, and he'll walk through
our presentation. Thank you.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Good evening, Mayor
Holman and Council Members. We're happy to be here for this Study
Session on the Public Safety Building project this evening. On this first slide,
you can see what we'll be running through. A little bit of the background,
status and some of the past efforts, what we've been doing to review
available sites.    We're very interested in hearing the Council's initial
thoughts on the sites and also other issues that should be considered in the
evaluation process. Then we'll move onto Council feedback and questions.
This is the project page for the project that was shown at the Council Retreat
in January. It shows some of what we're hoping to make some good
progress on getting started this year. A key take-away from this is that
we're planning a Public Safety Building, not simply a police station. What
you see in the goal is we are including here all of our public safety functions,
the 911 Center, the Emergency Operations Center and the Fire Department
administration in addition to some of the core police functions that you
would expect.

James Keene, City Manager: I'd like to point out that this concept of a water
feature of that nature was from an earlier era.
                                                                          Page 21 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
