                         TRASNCRIPT
Commission. We discuss this Plan at every meeting and we have several ad
hoc committees from the Commission as well working on different parts of
the Plan. We have the Chair, Keith Reckdahl, here and I think he's going to
speak a little bit later as part of public comments. I think we have Pat
Markevitch in the back there as well. A big thanks to Pat Markevitch; she's
been a Commissioner for 11 years on the Parks and Recreation Commission.
This will be her last year. She doesn't want to be thanked, she says, but
she's been outstanding and a terrific partner supporting Parks and
Recreation. A couple of introductory remarks before I pass it on to our
consultants here. First, there was a question from Council Member Schmid
regarding the population growth and the assumptions of growth. I wanted
to assure the Council that the planning team is and will work closely with the
Planning Staff to ensure the population growth assumptions are consistent
with the Planning Staff's analysis and consistent with the Comprehensive
Plan Update. The second thing I wanted to say was that the Staff Report
was relatively brief given the scope of this Plan. That was partly intentional
to see if we can get a focused discussion on the principles that we'll talk
about tonight. There's a lot more data to support the work that's been
happening. If you haven't visited cityofpaloalto.org/parksplan, I encourage
you to do that. There's probably 25 or so different reports that the Parks
Commission and MIG and Staff have worked on with the community. Lastly,
just recognize that this is a very important Plan to the Council, and we're
open to hearing feedback on how we can engage the Council further before
we bring the draft Plan to you sometime near the end of the calendar year
hopefully. With that, we'll jump into a quick presentation to give you more
orientation and context. I'll pass it on to Lauren Schmitt to kick it off.

Lauren Schmitt, MIG: Thank you for giving us this time tonight. For those
of you who were on the Council at the very beginning of this process, I
talked with some of you back then. I want to just call your attention to the
Plan purpose actually which we keep in mind as we move forward through a
really complex analysis and planning process. One of the things that was so
great about talking to you right at the beginning is you gave some wonderful
feedback about walkability and access to parks, other aspects of things that
were on your mind that you'd like to see factored into the Plan. As we've
moved through this planning process, I'm really pleased to say that we've
found what you told us at the beginning really reflected a lot of what we've
been hearing about the community. We're going to give you an overview of
what we've been hearing and where we're going. As Rob said, we're kind of
at a key point where we're starting development of recommendations. It's a
very opportune time to get your feedback and very timely. Ryan Mottau will
just give you an overview of what we've learned, show you also some of the
material that is available for digging deep, if you like to do that. Then we'll

                                                                        Page 15 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
