                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: No second, but identifying that it will return though.

Council Member Wolbach: Anyone else?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, that amendment dies for lack of a
second.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to remove from Municipal Code Section 18.13.010(a), (b), and
(c), “with no required minimum density.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, did you have something additional?

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I had a couple others. I had a couple
other items as well.

Mayor Holman: I didn't realize that. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Also on page 17, there are a couple of spots
where it's talking about essentially replacing housing with new housing. It
says—on the third line, it refers to replacing with units of equivalent size or
type or both. Is there ...

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: That's ...

Council Member Wolbach: I'm sorry. Page 17, the bottom paragraph where
it has a "1" at the start, the middle of the third line. The third line reads
"the same number of units of equivalent size or type or both," yada, yada.
Where it says "size or type or both," I'm curious if—actually I've got to ask
Staff before I suggest it as an amendment. Would there be a problem with
just changing that to "size and type" and then getting rid of "or both"? Is
there any substantial policy implication besides reinforcing that those are
both important?

Ms. Silver: Thank you. This question was brought up in another context,
and we did look at the State law. The State law uses this sort of unusual
language. We're not sure what the distinction is frankly between size and
type. I wouldn't recommend varying too much from the State law. One way
perhaps to satisfy your concern is to insert some language that says
"equivalent size or type or both as approved by the Director." If there is a
situation where size and type is important, the Director can require that both
the size and type be replaced.
                                                                        Page 83 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
