                          TRANSCRIPT
upcoming replacement of the East Bayshore bridge over San Francisquito
Creek. East Palo Alto is also looking at the options presented by Caltrans
which include, one, a partial closure during two construction seasons or,
two, full closure during one construction season. That would be starting
next year. Staff has reached out to both East Palo Alto and the large
employers and stakeholders in the immediate area and currently believe that
a partial closure during two construction seasons makes the most sense.
This partial closure could either operate with two-way traffic using a
temporary traffic signal or with one-way traffic. We understand that all of
these are inconveniences; it's just which is the best approach. Our Staff has
analyzed both operations and has determined that a one-way operation
would work more efficiently resulting in less diverted traffic. East Palo Alto
is likely to propose a full closure during the 2017 construction season due to
the current construction of a large private development at the north end of
this segment of East Bayshore Road. While it's not our favorite scenario, we
will have ample time to plan for measures to address the anticipated traffic
diversion through the City of Palo Alto and other associated impacts. Staff
will have more to report to you on this. I know that you have received lots
of comments and concerns from the public about the impact of this
construction project on local and even to some extent regional traffic. That's
all I have to report.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois has a question for you.

Council Member DuBois: Just a quick question. That sandbag day, did you
say December 13th? Is that ...

Mr. Keene: Yes, Sunday, December 13th from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: Thank you. That takes us to Oral Communications. I have
three cards on the topic. Keith Bennett to be followed by Esther Nigenda.
You'll each have three minutes.

Keith Bennett: Thank you. I'm going to make a few quick comments on
dewatering. The first. I've always opened the talks with a perspective on
how much water is involved. In this case, I made a graph here, and I
should give you these. I apologize. If we take all the water from 14 lots
and put it on a single 8,000 square foot lot and stacked it up, it's higher than
the World Trade Center. Why this is relevant. It means it's more than 100
years of rainfall per lot, and it's probably between 400 and 1,000 years of
aquifer recharge from rainfall per lot. It's a huge amount of water. The
                                                                         Page 22 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
