                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman explained that it was not always possible to determine whether
a property was located in a given jurisdiction through a location search. The
number of listings provided through a location search fluctuated; therefore,
identifying the number of listed properties was difficult.

Council Member Burt felt Staff could obtain a rough estimate of the number
of properties based upon the city in which the property was listed and the
average number of properties listed. He requested Staff provide better data.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Staff attempted to do that; however, the number
fluctuated dramatically. One weekend, a search listed 15 properties; a
second weekend 53 properties; a third weekend even more properties. Staff
did not have the best tools to accomplish that measurement.

Council Member Burt recalled the Colleague's Memo referred to the San Jose
Mercury News article which indicated 300-400 properties were listed as
available in Palo Alto. It was important for the Council to know if the
number was dozens, 100, or 300. He inquired whether the short-term rental
Ordinance applied the same whether an owner was present or not.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, did not believe the Zoning Code distinguished
between the owner being present or not. The issue was the definition of
short-term occupancy as 30 days or less.

Council Member Burt was inclined to limit the number of rentals per month
and to encourage longer-term rentals. If the Council considered some
permissibility for short-term rentals, then the San Luis Obispo option of
limiting the number of guests would be important.

Council Member Scharff noted the Staff Report stated that Staff would not
have time to work on other initiatives if the Council decided to prioritize the
current issue. He inquired about the actual number of complaints the City
had received. The Staff Report indicated seven complaints, two of which
were not legitimate. Five complaints did not indicate a severe problem that
warranted the expenditure of large amounts of resources.

Ms. Gitelman reported the City had received a number of complaints. The
seven complaints indicated in the Staff Report occurred in the past 1 to 1
1/2 years for vacation rentals. A similar number or slightly more complaints
were received for home occupation. The numbers were not high, but each
complaint required a great deal of work and was disruptive to the
neighborhood around the home.

Council Member Scharff felt conflating home occupation and short-term
rentals would be a mistake. The existing Zoning Code prohibited a home-

03/09/2015                                                              117- 64
