                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Yes.

Council Member Burt: Of all these verbatim minutes. Do we have any idea
how many pages this might be?

Ms. Minor: Our minutes at this time are around 40 pages or plus.

Council Member Burt: Of verbatim minutes.

Ms. Minor: Of sense minutes. Verbatim would probably be longer than that.

Council Member Burt:     Much longer.     I've got a problem; that's a lot of
printing.

Council Member Scharff:     I agree with Council Member Burt.         That's too
much printing.

Council Member DuBois:      All the public will see is our votes in all these
records.

Council Member Burt: Most of the public has access to computers these
days. If we as part of the action minutes also put on that hard copy clarity
as to how to access the verbatim minutes, anybody can go and access them.
I don't think we have to print 100-plus pages for all these different locations,
to every Council Member. That seems like a waste to me.

Ms. Minor: Mayor Holman, if somebody wants a copy of the minutes, they
can also contact us. A lot of our public records that we're doing now, we will
send them electronically to somebody. If they want a copy, we can print a
copy for them rather than printing all these other copies.

Council Member Burt: I would propose a change in wording to this,
"Verbatim minutes would be made available digitally to the public and hard
copies available upon request." That could be available to Council Members
upon request too.

Council Member Scharff: That's acceptable to me.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. As long as it's clear that it's the option of each
Council Member how to receive a packet of verbatim minutes from the
Council and from the Commissions and Boards, if they so want.

Council Member Burt: This doesn't speak to Boards and Commissions.

Mayor Holman: To go to Council Member DuBois' point, it does say in the
Ordinance now that a copy will be forwarded to all these different entities. I
                                                                          Page 62 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
