                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman thanked Planning Director Gitelman and Staff Member Tim
Wong for their work on the Housing Element.

Oral Communications

Ken Horowitz advised that Hudson Pacific Properties placed bids for more
than 3 million square feet of commercial space. The Council needed to know
this information in relation to the Mayor's concerns about retail space
converting to office space.

Winter Dellenbach was heartened by Supervisor Simitian's proposal
regarding Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.            Supervisor Simitian was
interested in discussing the long-term viability of the mobile home park as
deed-restricted affordable housing.     The City should be involved in
discussions.

Daniel Gold discovered the need for affordable housing in Palo Alto through
participation in Airbnb.com. The City should not enforce its cease and desist
letter to him while the City was discussing issues related to Airbnb rentals.

Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan was pleased the City would most likely be retaining
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.

Bob Moss believed the City should reevaluate the need for hiring
consultants. The lack of Staff time or experience was not a sufficient
reason.

Don Anderson congratulated Supervisors Simitian and Cortese for their
proposal of $8 million for the purchase of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.
The City Council should also propose funds.

Consent Calendar

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. He remarked that
Emily Renzel had expressed concern about the proper procedure being
followed. The following week's Agenda contained an item for approval of a
grant that would pay part of the contract. The environmental section of the
Staff Report seemed to be in progress. He recommended the Council
remove Agenda Item Number 5 from the Consent Calendar and direct Staff
to delay the implementation of the contract until the Council had reviewed
the entire project.

Vice Mayor Schmid stated several public comments concerned paving of the
sailing station parking lot. He inquired whether the Council would vote on
that.


01/20/2015                                                            216- 339
