                          TRANSCRIPT
very difficult to establish themselves as independent adults. There are more
of us who can't afford to live in Palo Alto at all. It really sucks. This is the
town we grew up in; we really love it. We'd like to keep on living here if we
can. I think our right to live here is as good as anyone else's. A lot of us
work in tech, and we can't really live because this is where the tech is. I
think that's about it. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Sarah Jansen to be followed by Bob Moss.

Sarah Jansen: Hi. My name is Sarah Jansen. I moved here this summer
with my 2-year-old daughter and my husband. I have another baby due in
December. I just wanted to talk about moving here from Manhattan. I had
never driven before. I moved to Downtown Palo Alto, walking distance to
University Ave., because it was accessible for me. I could go to the park
with my daughter. I can go to Whole Foods. I didn't need to get in the car
if I didn't want to. I just think it's important to still have a vibrant
Downtown area and to invest in your parks, because I've met many moms
that are in similar situations than me. These are the things that are really
important to us. I think it's important to attract young families that want to
stay near where the jobs are, so they don't have to commute from San
Francisco to get an urban vibe. Also, housing was an issue for us. It was
very difficult to find affordable housing for our family in the Downtown area.
I think that that is an issue you guys should definitely address. Thank you
so much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. If I could invite anyone else who wants to
speak to this item, to please turn in a card at this time. That would be
helpful. Bob Moss to be followed by A.C. Johnston.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. First I want to
address Policy L-8. Staff is saying, "Do you want this to apply Citywide or
just to nine specific areas?" In the response to Vice Mayor Schmid, they say
that they're doing traffic studies Citywide under Policy L-8. It's logical to
also talk about development Citywide under Policy L-8, not just in nine
areas. Second, I'll talk a little bit about housing. Getting affordable housing
in Palo Alto is extremely difficult because, as you probably know, the median
housing price in Palo Alto of over 2.5 million for single-family units is the
highest in the country and we don't have a lot of vacant land where you can
build housing. How are we going to get it? Forty years ago, we said every
development should have a percentage of affordable units. We did that and
got over 1,000 affordable units over the decades. The State has come in
and fiddled with that. Maybe we can take a look at how we can try to get
more affordable units despite the State's interference. I'm not sure how we
can do it, but I think it's worth looking at and having the City Attorney's

                                                                         Page 37 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
