                          TRANSCRIPT
make their home in Palo Alto. Many members of our community are very
enthusiastic riders and choose to bike for lots of reasons. It's healthy
exercise. It's green. It's functional. It's fun. Sometimes it's even the
fastest way to get somewhere, especially on rainy days as my college-age
daughter would tell me about her bike commute to Gunn. Very generally
there are two primary motivations for biking here. One, recreation or, two,
commuting or getting around town.          For the latter, what I'll call the
functional bike riders, the shortest distance is an important criteria. This is
pretty intuitive. Biking down Arastradero is clearly not most people's first
choice. It's busy and complicated to say the least. We've heard a lot more.
With Terman and Gunn located where they are, the route is the shortest
distance for many bike commuters. With the business parks further across
Foothill Expressway, this is the shortest route for many work commuters as
well. Bike ridership in our community is increasing, which is a positive
trend. Increasing traffic here is an issue. More people on bicycles is an
important component of a solution. We have a clear opportunity here to
increase the safety of bike riding in our community. This in turn will
maintain and increase ridership.       Let's please take proactive steps to
hopefully avoid a potential disaster in our community. Choosing not to
increase safety here is a decision which frankly I can't fathom. I hope you'll
agree and support the Charleston-Arastradero Concept Plan Lines. Thank
you.

Marilyn Keller: Hi, Marilyn Keller. I live in the south end of Waverley Street.
I'm here to ask you to please approve the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor
Project. I think it would provide the following benefits. It would increase
safety, bicycle access and increase bicycle capacity. I think the most
important of these is safety, as you've heard, which I think is really needed.
The trial showed that the proposed changes will make bicycles safer. Daily
bicyclists include hundreds of kids who commute to the schools and other
areas. Over 800 students alone bike to Gunn every day. Another benefit
would be increased bicycle access. This is one of the only places in South
Palo Alto with bicycle access across the train tracks and El Camino that
extends east-west through Palo Alto. This is important to make Palo Alto
more bikeable. This corridor stands out also because it does have room for
hardscape options to make bicycling a safer option. Speaking from personal
experience, the existing bicycle access from east-west in South Palo Alto is
difficult and intimidating, especially compared to northern Palo Alto. A third
benefit would be to increase bicycle capacity. Due to significant recent
increases in growth and traffic in South Palo Alto, we need to accommodate
the growing number of bicyclists. Improving this corridor would encourage
more people to bike instead of drive, which would also decrease traffic


                                                                        Page 89 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
