                         TRASNCRIPT
      Local Amendments to the California Energy Code” modifying Ordinance
      5326 (FIRST READING: August 17, 2015 PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent).

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes on an 8-0 vote with
Council Member Kniss absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: City Clerk, it looks like we need to go a third round. Would
you care to report out?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: You are correct, Madam Mayor. We have Council
Member Berman voting for Mark Harris; Council Member Burt voting for Arne
Ballantine; Council Member DuBois voting for Mark Harris; Council Member
Filseth voting for Arne Ballantine; Mayor Holman voting for Mark Harris;
Council Member Scharff voting for Arne Ballantine; Vice Mayor Schmid
voting for Arne Ballantine, Council Member Wolbach voting for Marianne Wu.
We had Arne Ballantine with four votes, Mark Harris with three, and
Marianne Wu with one.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we need to give one more go at this.
Council Member Wolbach has a procedural question.

Council Member Wolbach: It might be a little bit late now. I was just going
to suggest that we narrow it down to the two who had received the most
votes in the prior round.

Council Member Burt: You can do that.

Council Member Wolbach: I would encourage my colleagues to do that.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, please place your ballot on the dais. We
will open Item 13, and we will have the Clerk report in during this item as
they have results.

Action Items

13.   Parks and Recreation Commission Recommendation Regarding Possible
      Uses for the 7.7 Acre Area at Foothills Park.

Mayor Holman:     Welcome back again, Mr. de Geus.       You have a Staff
presentation?

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: We do. Good evening, Mayor
Holman, Council Members. We are here this evening to follow up on the
possible use of the newly dedicated 7.7 acres of parkland at Foothills Park.
                                                                     Page 44 of 127
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/31/15
