                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: That is true.

Mr. Keene: We did miss our 10:00 check-in to see whether you would take
things up after 10:30.

Mayor Holman: We did. It's 10:45. We do have the Comp Plan Update
that's coming on March 30th. That needs to be accomplished before that.
This is our only opportunity before that, I do believe.

Mr. Keene: Yes. If you can think about giving us some high level directives
rather than every level of detail.

Mayor Holman: I'm putty on this one, given the direction we've already
given. Are Council Members good with going ahead with Number 14 and
being brief and concise?

Council Member Burt: I want my Colleagues to be brief and concise.

Mayor Holman. We will take this one up. I ask Council Members to please
be concise.

14.   Composition and Purpose of        an   Advisory   Committee      for     the
      Comprehensive Plan Update.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment: Thank
you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Just briefly, we haven't prepared
a PowerPoint, but you have the Staff Report in front of you. On April 27th,
the Council requested that the City Manager appoint a citizens advisory
committee to assist with the Comp Plan Update, and requested an
opportunity to review the purpose or charter of the committee and the
composition of the various stakeholder representatives. We've provided a
proposal to you that calls for a 20-person committee. Three of those
positions would be ex officio members. The details are in the Staff Report. I
did want to apologize. We received a Council question in advance that I
didn't quite understand. The question was whether the City Council could
conclude its discussion of priorities in advance of the Summit. The answer
talked about Council Priorities. The question was whether there'd be an
opportunity for the Council to have further discussion of the vision
statements and goals associated with each element before the Summit. I'm
afraid that we're just out of time before the May 30th Summit to conclude
that conversation. Happy to talk to the Council or hear from the Council
about a timeframe for continuing that discussion. The Council asked for a
Study Session or further discussion on goals sometime soon. We can
certainly try and agendize that. With that, I'm happy to answer any
questions.
                                                                      Page 103 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
