                          TRANSCRIPT
needs and the participation rates of the various parties in that? That would
be the base question I would have.

Mr. Shikada: I think as has been somewhat discussed previously, the fact is
likely that we're into an iterative process in identifying some initial options
for further evaluation including the County's sales tax, any potential City-
level measure. Based upon the Council's priorities and, as you point out,
issues of who pays, whether it be sales tax, other funding measures and
ultimately to what extent it reflects the Council's policy priorities there, that
we come back, evaluate options and take another round based on further
feedback down the road.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess the only question is can we get up and ask
people to approve a sales tax which they will start paying and will be paying
for 30 years before we can say it will be shared in this way or that way.
Might we be in a better position six months from now, nine months from
now, a year from now to tell people vote for this and we're more likely to get
that.

Mr. Keene:    I'm sorry, I had a parallel comment I was going to make,
Madam.

Mayor Holman: All right. Thank you. Council Member Burt.

Mr. Keene: Before we do that, could I raise ...

Mayor Holman: Sure.

Mr. Keene: I think this is an interesting tack that has materialized here
about this leveraging of, say, Federal funding. We're looking at it at a gross
level without being able to say how much are in these different funding
categories like FTA versus FAG, all of those things. Even just assuming that
it was sort of straight, what Jim was saying was out of the 20 billion with the
$6 billion County sales tax, 14 billion of which half he's saying really belongs
to the prior measure. That's, again, in a gross way saying half of it is
leveraged by this new measure. That's almost one to one. Again, all of this
is at a gross level. If we're 7 percent of the sales tax generation even in the
County, which is correct, out of $6 billion that's $420 million, unless I'm
doing the math wrong. If we had a 1:1 leverage ratio that we also would
somehow want to factor into having a better understanding, suddenly
there's a lot more money there. It goes to the comment Council Member
DuBois made earlier about if we had this very small pool of money, then why
would we even think about a County sales tax. We might look at a different
option. I think we ought to pay careful attention to what the potentials are
on the County sales tax. Even though there are a lot of other funding
                                                                           Page 45 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
