                         TRANSCRIPT
could possibly create our seventh utility, information. I've leased dark fiber
from the City from at least three companies that I've been with here in Palo
Alto. I was a member of our fiber to the home trial. I know what it's like to
have fiber service to your house. It's fantastic. Everyone in this town
deserves it. I have actually been involved with this fiber to the premises or
fiber to the home effort for over 15 years here, well over half of my 30-year
stewardship here. For some reason, I feel like I'm qualified to tell you that
your Citizens Advisory Committee knows what they're talking about. They're
good people. I'd like to set in your minds a simple framework for the
creation of a seventh utility this evening. Do you have more than one
electric line coming to your house? Do you have more than one water line
coming to your house? Is there more than one street in front of your house?
This is a utility, folks. You're not going to have AT&T and Comcast and
Google coming to each home. The first one who gets fiber to your house
wins. You're done. What I'm asking you tonight in the words of one of our
citizens in the audience, Bryan Reed, whom you may know from some of his
career here in town. I'm asking you to not let the taxi company own the
road. We need to own this utility. You can own the streets, but have the
lights operated by another company.             You can own the physical
infrastructure, and you can have someone else actually operate it. We
should build it. We should make sure everyone gets a connection. Those
that want it can have it lit up. IF FedEx owned 101 or the streets in our last
mile here, do you think the United States Post Office would be competitive?
Do you think Emery or all the other delivery companies would have a
competitive advantage? I don't think so. Would PG&E—do you think they
can be part of our last mile here? No, we own that. We deserve to own our
own information utility. Please make this a partnership for us to own and
someone else to operate it. Let's build our seventh utility and not let the
taxi company own the road. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Per Hjartoy to be followed by Bob Moss.

Per Hjartoy: Good evening, Council. This is my first time in a Council
meeting. I frankly thought I would never be here. I lived in the City for 11
years. I run a small business. Like many other here, I obviously deeply
involved in technology. One of the things that I do do is I am often called
upon as an expert witness in federal court as an expert. Obviously I'm used
to dealing with bureaucracy and the legal side of things. I was like many
others very enamored when I heard that while Google is going to come here
because then that will hopefully shake up the landscape in Palo Alto. Most of
my time here, the 11 years, I've been basically arguing and fighting with
both AT&T and Comcast. I have ended up actually even being visited by one
of the vice presidents of Comcast and could prove to them that they have a
broken network. Why is this so important to me? I make my living out of
                                                                          Page 88 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
