                             MINUTES
improving existing infrastructure; installing ubiquitous telecom conduit; and
using building codes and community development plans to drive fiber
expansion. The impetus for community broadband was underperforming
networks and services from the incumbent ISPs. Cities were typically
building fiber networks for commercial and institutional needs and, in some
communities, residential Fiber to the Premise using a variety of business
models. There was not a cookie-cutter approach for community broadband.
The needs of every community were unique in terms of deploying fiber and
complementary wireless networks. The primary challenges were existing
provider responses to new competition and unclear customer demand in
addition to uncertainty about the anticipated take rates for gigabyte
broadband. Take rates were the amount of customers that would take a
service. Another significant trend was the exponential growth and demand
for mobile broadband. The response to this demand was Wi-Fi expansion
and more wireless communication facilities from wireless carriers. Another
emerging trend was the commercial carrier path from 4G LTE to 5G. At this
point 5G was just a concept.

Mr. Reichental stated the proposed work had never been done in the depth
and breadth proposed.        Wi-Fi was once considered secondary and
substandard with regard to accessing the internet; however, gigabyte Wi-Fi
was emerging. The promise of 5G wireless was projected to be up to a
gigabyte. The technology landscape was entirely different from what it was
a few years ago.

Mr. Fleming explained that net neutrality was a principle for which the FCC
was considering proposing rules that would prevent practices by ISPs that
could be harmful to consumers or discourage competition by limiting the
openness of the internet. The Chairman of the FCC planned to propose
utility-like regulations with common carrier rules for internet broadband
companies. A recent U.S. Senate bill contained similar conditions but would
prevent the FCC from treating broadband providers like a regulated utility.
A recent study found 87 percent of respondents had never heard of gigabyte
before the survey; 54 percent did not know a gigabyte was faster than a
megabyte; 70 percent said a $70 price point for a gigabyte was too high; an
overwhelming majority of consumers would select gigabyte service from a
competing, incumbent ISP over a municipal or an electric utility; and 64
percent preferred to pay slightly less per month for their current speed than
pay slightly more for a faster connection. Currently 89 communities were
served by publicly owned Fiber to the Premise networks, 74 communities
were served by publicly owned cable networks, and 35 communities had
access to gigabyte data rates from a community-owned network. Nineteen
states had legal hurdles or outright bans on community broadband. There
was no prohibition against municipal broadband in the State of California.

02/02/2015                                                            116- 438
