                          TRASNCRIPT
Gabriel Lewis: Good evening, Mayor Holman, Council Members. My name's
Gabriel Lewis. I live on Grove Avenue in South Palo Alto. I just wanted to
make a quick comment tonight on a phrase that I kept noticing in the
Comprehensive Plan, "customer service." I noticed that some of the later
drafts to this Plan seemed to be using the phrase less. I just wanted to
express my support for that. I think it would be better not to use it at all.
Better phrases, I think, would be "public service," "serving citizens," or just
"service." I just kind of wanted to explain why I think that. I think it's
important that members of the government serve citizens, not customers. I
think this is a higher form of service than customer service. In purely
economic terms, customer service is simply a way in which a company
derives profit from its customers for the company shareholders by law. A
government, on the other hand, derives its sovereignty from its citizens and
is bound to serve them regardless of whether it is profitable to do so. That's
a higher form of service. I would like to hold our government to the ideal
that befits a government and not a company. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a question on the interaction between the CAC and
the Council. I guess it's really essential that we work together on this and
move forward promptly on the issues. It seems to me that the Council has a
formal session dealing with the goals of each section, and then next meets
that section when everything comes to Council.          There are particular
programs and policies that are controversial and extremely important in
their nature. One being L-8 that has a cap on the total growth in the City.
You mentioned another one tonight, the C-28, where you say, "We have to
make a decision on this." It seems to me there should be some opportunity
for the CAC to ask the Council, "There's two opinions on this. Could you give
some guidance to us?" Come to the Council and the Council have an
agendized time where it's just responses to the CAC. That way it gives a
chance for a dialog between the CAC and the Council, and the Council is
addressing critical issues as we move along. Does that make sense from a
procedural standpoint?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. I think that makes perfect
sense. Of course, if the CAC raises a question they want Council guidance
on, we can add it to one of the agenda items we already have scheduled to
come to Council. For example, Policy L-8 I'm sure we'll be discussing when
we talk about the vision and goals for the Land Use and Community Design
Element. If we don't have a meeting upcoming where it's a natural fit, that's
an instance in which we would add something to the Council's agenda to the
extent we can to get that feedback back to the CAC.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess I remember when we had our last discussion
about the CAC. We did mention—I thought it was in the motion—that if
                                                                        Page 73 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
