                          TRANSCRIPT
specific groups and quality, quantity and affordability of those services for
those groups, adding "the unhoused" to that existing list. Does that make
sense? This is on Attachment A, page 11, top left corner. I had a couple of
other quick questions, but I wanted to put that one out there first.

Mr. Dennis: Staff understands what—we understand now.             I wanted to
acknowledge that.

Mayor Holman: I do see how this could be confusing, because C1 and 4 also
reference health and well-being.

Council Member DuBois: That's acceptable. I would say that these are kind
of shorthand for the goals—I didn't write out all the paragraphs of the goals.

Council Member Wolbach: Right, I understand. The versions proposed by
the PTC remove the preexisting language, so I want to make sure that we
can reintroduce that language.

Council Member DuBois: Right. It's okay with me.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: I think it's okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part E, “adding,
‘Improved Quality, Quantity, and Affordability of Social Services, particularly
for all community members including Children, Youth, Seniors, the
Unhoused, and People with Disabilities.’”
Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of other things. I'm a little ambivalent
about highlighting Cubberley specifically here as in the goal section. I'm
open to the idea. I kind of feel that that should be reserved for policy
sections which is beyond the level of granularity, except for C-28, we were
planning to do tonight. I'm a little ambivalent about that, but would be
curious to hear, maker or seconder, their thoughts why it needs to be in the
goals.

Council Member DuBois: That was the intention. If Staff can—it's not to
make it part of the goal, but to say that the CAC should discuss this as part
of the policy discussion under that goal.

Mr. Dennis: (inaudible) as part of policy discussion.


                                                                        Page 57 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
