                           TRANSCRIPT
auto repair use that's there that's sort of a service type of use. The question
is can that then be legally permitted to an office use without ARB review or
any discretionary permits. Our sense is that that's not likely, but we'd just
have to look at it further.

Mayor Holman: Did you have a question for Mr. Paul?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah. I just wanted to hear what he as to say. He
said he wanted to speak.

Mr. Paul: First of all, under any description of the property, it is not an
automotive use entirely. The top floor is entirely office, has been office, the
last use was office. The bottom floor, there is a rather smallish area that is
truly automotive. Part of the automotive use was, in fact, office. It's built
out office. If we were to re-tenant it, we'd have to rip out the cubes to
make it something else. In addition to that, on the first floor there was
Hertz Automotive. The most natural use for that space is to cube it out and
to use it as office. Characterizing this as an automotive use along the lines
of—I mean what went on there was an auto body repair shop, just doesn't
get it right at all. The top floor, first of all, is completely mischaracterized. I
would argue that most of the bottom floor is mischaracterized as well.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, do you have all your questions and
comments made?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, I do.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I went back and looked at all my notes. I think it
was February 9th we talked about this the first time and that the (inaudible)
is really driving things to office. That's the time we really started to look at
beauty contests or some kind of scoring mechanism, so it's not a new idea
by any means. We talked about Walnut Creek and San Francisco. Just to
remind everybody. Council Member Burt beat me to it, but the whole point
in my mind was really to have a process that would lead to quality projects.
That was why we were going through this exercise. It wasn't to kind of get
the first-thing-in-first-thing-out. We also talked about we have this National
Citizens Survey. 40 percent of our residents say we're doing a good job on
land use. Again, to me that's a big blinking red light that we need to fix
something. I think back then in February PAN wrote us a letter and
suggested we should have a moratorium. We've gone kind of through this
thing a lot of different ways. I don't want us to forget kind of where we
started and why we're here. To me, first-come-first-serve just seems like a
race to the bottom. We're not going to get quality out of that process.
                                                                          Page 124 of 133
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 9/21/15
