                         TRANSCRIPT
We can provide that clarity in the motion, that would all be helpful and keep
us all clean. Council Member Kniss, you were wanting to make the motion.

Council Member Kniss: Before I do, taking advantage of that three minutes,
I want to just say two or three things, then I'll make the motion. There was
some questions out there as to had we ever had lunch there. I've had lunch
there a number of times. I actually brought City Manager Keene with me,
and we brought our own salt shaker because that's essential when you eat
at the senior center. The second is how many of you here have been to the
Rose Kleiner Center? You would agree that is a spectacular center. I'm
sorry that we don't have a Rose Kleiner family to contribute here. They
have not stepped forward. I know that Lisa certainly would have pursued
that, because she would do that kind of thing. Next, as far as how people
get there, I know any number of drivers, usually retired, who are willing to
pick people up and take them. I don't know how many are in that program,
Lisa, but I know there are lots because I know several of them. The
gentleman who spoke about the second half of your life, was that you?
Whomever it was, the second half of life was very persuasive. I'll talk in a
minute in the motion about supporting the Palo Alto Child Care, because that
is a major investment for us, and they raise very little money. People seem
to raise a lot more money when they're seniors than when they're kids.
Lastly, before I start this, I just want to say Lisa Henderson has done a
terrific job. I know you would absolutely all agree with that. She has
devoted her time to raising not only the visibility and the stature of the
senior center, but certainly raising the money that will go into this. Having
said that, let me try a motion. There may be some tweaks that you all make
into this which I would be glad to listen to. I'm going to start out this way
and keep this somewhat neutral. This pretty much looks at the Staff
recommendation. I'm not going to send it to you in print right now. I'm
going to read it out loud. This is the Staff recommendation. The Staff
recommends the Council contribute financial support of $5 million from
revenue sources—in this case, slightly different from what it says—to be
determined by Staff toward the 18 million Avenidas capital campaign to
make necessary—this is what the Mayor is looking for—seismic and other
improvements to the existing building, which I would remind you is our
building. The actual funding will occur over the next two years, which is the
next two fiscal years.

Council Member DuBois: I second that.

Council Member Kniss: I wasn't quite done, but thank you.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry.


                                                                      Page 83 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
