                          TRANSCRIPT
there is the red streets show 85 percent and higher parking occupancy.
What that means in layman's terms is it's really hard to find a parking space
on those streets. Anywhere that's showing red on the left or the right is
pretty parked up. What we're seeing post-RPP is a higher prevalence of
yellow blocks as opposed to red, which means that there are some parking
spaces available. We're still seeing a high concentration of parking close to
Downtown. Overall, RPP has shown a reduction of about 300-400 vehicles
from the Downtown District. This is all at the noon time hour. Data
collection happening between noon and 2:00 p.m. This is a total occupancy
count, every single car that's on the street. Looking specifically at where
employees are parking, this is a map showing where employee permits are
located. You'll see a concentration in the dark blue, closer to Downtown. As
expected, employees are parking closer to Downtown, trying to shorten the
walk to where they're working.           You'll see average occupancy near
Downtown is about 32 percent for employees. Towards the outer fringes of
the Downtown RPP District, it goes down to about 10 percent, very much
showing that they're clustering towards Downtown. That brings in the
stakeholder feedback for Phase 2. The stakeholder group has convened
seven times to strategize on the Phase 1 implementation and discuss the
Phase 2 structure. They've participated in a workshop session in October
where they broke up into groups to discuss Phase 2, looking forward. Tying
in the previous slide, I would be remiss if I did not thank the stakeholders
for their intrepid data collection help. They were invaluable in collecting data
in Downtown North, and we very much appreciate that. Coming out of that
October workshop session, there was a consensus on a few important points
among the stakeholders; that Phase 1 was largely pretty successful in
reducing the vehicles that are parking Downtown, and that the parking
intrusion by nonresidents is manageable on most streets. Not all, but most.
They were divided in feedback on some points though. There was not a
consensus on how to distribute nonresident parking throughout the
Downtown RPP District, and there was not a consensus on if nonresident
permit sales should be limited and, if they should be limited, at what level.
That brings us into the four main objectives that we looked at when we were
developing our Phase two recommendations. The first objective is to take
that clustering of employee vehicles parking near Downtown and disperse
that throughout the District. The second objective is to determine whether
and how to limit employee permit sales within the Downtown RPP District.
With that, we want to also anticipate spillover to new areas, not just simply
adding more areas into the RPP District but being mindful that parking
spillover will occur to adjacent areas, and to provide an option for those
areas to petition and opt into the Downtown RPP District when they deem
necessary. This is the existing Downtown RPP District, as we're all very
familiar with now. What we saw, as Staff anticipated, was parking spillover
that affected the adjacent neighborhoods to this District. The yellow dotted
                                                                        Page 32 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
