                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I believe I'm your voting representative. I'm pretty
sure.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) San Jose.

Council Member Kniss: San Jose, yes.

Mr. Keene: I think Council Member Burt is the prime and then there are
Council Members DuBois and Liz, you also, are alternates.

Council Member Kniss: Great. I will be there in any event, because that's
when I'm nominated for president of the Peninsula Division.

Mayor Holman: When this was written, there were three ...

Council Member Kniss: Council Member Burt, you're the appointed designee
to vote?

Mayor Holman: When this was passed by Council a couple of weeks ago,
there were three Council Members going. Council Member Burt was the lead
and the others were alternates. I don't remember who the other two were.

Council Member Kniss: Delighted there are three Council Members going.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Holman: Are there any? Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just want to quickly mention the Palo Alto kids
carnival that I went to on Saturday afternoon after our Boards and
Commissions recognition event. This is something—there's an article on it in
the Palo Alto Weekly or at least Palo Alto Online as of today. Hopefully it'll
make it to the print edition. This kind of came out of the initial meeting that
Reverend Coloma Smith of Palo Alto's University AME Zion Church had after
the Charleston shootings. A lot of community members were there and
expressed a real desire to have more interaction with people of other faiths,
other ethnicities, other backgrounds, other walks of life. Pastor Smith
organized this kids carnival which was geared towards children. He's also
been organizing book clubs and kind of movie watch nights and these kind of
things. It was really awesome. The City of Palo Alto was a co-sponsor of
the event. I connected Pastor Smith with first Rob de Geus and then also
with Khash Alaee who both helped the pastor with the permitting processes
                                                                        Page 98 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
