                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt reported "such as" in Section (f) was no longer
relevant because "and other factors" had been deleted. With respect to
Section (g), allowing the Hearing Officer to have the final approval would be
consistent with the process.

Council Member DuBois did not believe the process would require a great
deal of time.

Council Member Berman asked when the closure plan would be effective if
that was not approved.

Ms. Stump explained that the Council was indicating a preliminary direction
that Staff would codify and on which the Council would receive feedback.
The Motion was not a final decision of the Council. The Council was
providing definitions so that parties could respond.               The most
straightforward assumption, which the Council could clarify, was that the
Council's action to adopt a final decision would approve the closure
application. At that point, the park owner could post the closure notice.

Council Member Berman asked if the Council would take action to adopt a
final decision in May 2015.

Ms. Stump responded yes.

Vice Mayor Schmid felt the Council had discussed legal complexities, but not
economic complexities. He favored capturing some of the value of Palo Alto
property, especially schools and safety. Mr. Beccaria suggested the value of
Palo Alto property could be captured through comparing current pricing of
single family homes against neighboring communities and using that as an
adjustment factor. The Council was provided with two data sources. Exhibit
A indicated the difference could be 8-15 percent. Mr. Brabant indicated the
difference could be 100 percent. The Council should achieve a number that
was feasible.

Ms. Stump understood the Motion proposed changing the appraisal
methodology, Mr. Beccaria developing a methodology including those
changes, and the Hearing Officer approving the methodology.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if the methodology would be presented to the
Council.

Ms. Stump answered no.

Vice Mayor Schmid clarified that Mr. Beccaria and the Hearing Officer would
go through the process during the appraisal.

                                                                       Page 38 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
