                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: If you're referring to the R Overlay Zone, it really is not
operable in that zone.

Council Member DuBois: It overrides it?

Ms. Gitelman: Pardon me?

Council Member DuBois: The R Zone overrides the ...

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: ... the underlying zone?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Holman: If we expand the R Zone ... Could we break it separately
anyway? It's cleaner.

Council Member DuBois: Sure.

Mayor Holman: I'm a little surprised by some of the comments, because
we're looking at commercial areas on California Avenue, some intersecting
streets.

Council Member Burt: I do have some concerns along the lines that Director
Gitelman was expressing. First under "A," consistent with what I think
Council Member Filseth warned us on previously, which is let's make sure
that we do sound incremental changes and then we have opportunity to go
and look beyond that. I don't think people realize how impactful this is.
One, I need some clarification that the boundaries that are here of including
both sides of Cambridge and extending Park south, it doesn't say how far
this is. Those are big expansions of a retail district. I'm not prepared to do
that at this time. Expanding the boundaries are things that we're going to
want to look at. I frankly am not at all sure that up and down Park is strong
for traditional retail. Are we actually looking at doubling or tripling the retail
zones here? How would that be implemented? Does this mean that, for
instance, on Cambridge everything would become nonconforming, that's not
retail? There's not a lot of retail currently on Cambridge. Maybe the maker
can clarify. At least the second thing is a question, because my first one is a
reason that I can't support it as written.

Mayor Holman: I did say that it was open to Amendment. The reason for
Cambridge is because there is some retail, but there's also a fair amount of
personal service there. I was trying to preserve and expand on that.
Otherwise, we're pretty limited just to California Avenue.

                                                                           Page 78 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
