                          TRANSCRIPT

creativity, supports an environment of inclusivity and kindness and
ultimately creates a connection between health and happiness. I'm not
going to read the whole Resolution, but you see in there things like support
creativity through visual and performing arts and digital arts; create
opportunities for healthy aging and aging in place; seek solutions; promote
awareness and compassion for the unhoused, as a couple of examples.
Here's some pictures of different things that we do in our community.
Again, just reflective of the investment that we already have in health and a
healthy culture. Healthy environment is the next section in the Resolution
related to planning and prioritizing capital projects that increase
opportunities for walking and biking and other forms of physical activity. It
very much already exists in the existing Comprehensive Plan.                This
Resolution affirms that commitment and builds upon it. Some of the items
in this section include support and protect and connect us to the natural
environment and cultural resources and address walking and biking
connectivity between residential neighborhoods and schools and parks and
recreational resources, as examples. There's a couple more pictures of the
City of Palo Alto and our built environment. Third is healthy food access.
This is promoting access to healthy foods. There's a very specific and real
correlation between more access to healthy foods to more healthy choices.
This part of the Resolution includes seek opportunities for increased access
to healthy foods including prioritizing affordable, healthy food retail, include
health and well-being, goals and policies related to access to healthy food in
the Comprehensive Plan. A couple of pictures of our farmers markets
around our community. Finally, healthy workplace is the fourth leg of the
Resolution. The FY '16 budget has some funding that the Council already
approved to support this initiative. Encourage walking and biking and using
the stairs. Support emotional and mental health. Some of the things that
our People Strategy and Operations Department—Kathy Shen who's here
can talk a little more about it if you have questions—a walking club that's
begun on Tuesdays, yoga and mindfulness programs that are starting up
here at City Hall. That's one thing that's well on the way. I would add that
this Resolution or this section of the Resolution really supports healthy
workplace not only for our City organization, but we could also be a role
model for other organizations in the City. There's a picture here. A few
pictures. I think the one that I'd like to point out is just the bottom one
there. The idea that we have employees, employees that take care of
themselves, that eat well, that exercise. They're more productive. They're
more engaged, have less absenteeism, generally more creative. It's a good
business decision, I think, to do that. Almost finished here. Thank you for
your patience. As we looked at this pretty comprehensive draft Resolution,

                                                                          Page 58 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
