                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Hang on just a second. Let me make sure I got everything
here. Yes, I think I'll leave it there. You're seconding, Council Member
Scharff? Okay. Thank you for that.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
adopt the California Avenue Retail Preservation Ordinance incorporating the
following to:

A.   Amend the City’s Zoning Code and Zoning Map to extend the Retail (R)
     Combining District beyond California Avenue; and

B.   Establish Regulations and Review Procedures for Formula Retail Uses
     and Certain Personal Service Uses (i.e. Hair and Nail Salons) in the R-
     Combining District and Changes to the Provision for Grandfathered
     Uses in the R-Combining District; and

C.   Replace in Ordinance Section 2 (57.6), “along with ten (10) or more
     businesses” with “such that ten (10) is the defining number for
     determining formula businesses”; and

D.   Include Pedestrian and Transit Oriented Development (PTOD); and

E.   Include Public Facilities District (PF); and

F.   Eliminate language in Ordinance Section 6, paragraph 3, sentence 2,
     “except through the granting of a design enhancement exception”; and

G.   Direct Staff to return with information on depth of retail requirements.

Mayor Holman: The only things I will say in addition to what I've said
already—one thing just to repeat is I don't think I can overstate, I don't
think we can overstate how long we've talked to the public about doing this,
how long the community has come forward and said they want this. I'm
really on the fence about the depth of retail. That's why I want some
information to support one way or the other on that. I'm really on the fence
on that. I think we do need to move forward. Kicking the can down the
road, we're just inviting more intrusion that is exactly opposite to what the
community is wanting and been saying, both by survey and other means,
that they want on California Avenue in particular. I will leave it there.
Council Member Scharff, speak to your second?

Council Member Scharff: Sure. I also think that extending the retail
requirements to Cambridge are a good idea. I think you do want to have
more retail space that allows a lot of these services may be driven off
California Avenue or just not provided, that people want, that can then go to

                                                                       Page 64 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
