                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid made a good point in terms of the increase in costs and
how we're paying for that out of basically sales tax and documentary
transfer tax. We had a big bounce back in sales tax, but I don't think we
can continue to expect sales tax to continue on the same trajectory.
Whereas, the expenses are on that trajectory. We do have some concerns
about what the golf course might cost us as we go through this process.
That's a real risk in terms of the General Fund. The Fire Services contract
with Stanford is a real risk. The other real risk, I've said a couple of times,
is as we go forward on our Infrastructure Plan and start to rebid this stuff, I
hear the construction costs are probably up somewhere between 20 and 30
percent of when we first costed this stuff out. That's going to be a challenge
for the City as we implement our Infrastructure Funding Plan. While
everything looks rosy and there's lots of money, our budget could be fairly
constrained to achieve the things we've already committed to the public that
we're going to do. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: As has been mentioned already for this item and for the last
item, we'll conduct two public hearings on the budget and utility rate
changes. The first meeting being tonight and the second hearing being next
Monday, June 15th. A portion of this hearing also relates to changes in
wastewater and refuse rates, and this portion of the hearing is governed by
Prop 218. Before we begin the hearing, City Attorney has some background
on Prop 218 to provide to Council and members of the public.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: This hearing is quite similar to the last one that
we already discussed concerning water. This one addresses wastewater and
refuse rates. Also we want to mention that fiber and storm drain are not
included in the Prop 218 hearing. Fiber, because it is not a property-related
service, and storm drain, because the inflation increases that set of rates,
were approved by the voters already. Again, the procedural requirements of
Prop 218 apply. Notices have been made to property owners and a majority
protest hearing will be open tonight, kept open next week, closed at that
point. The Council will not be able to adopt any rate increases where 50
percent plus one of the affected property owners have objected to the rates.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: All residents and other interested persons will have an
opportunity to provide testimony this evening either individually or on the
wastewater or the refuse rates or both. To be valid protests, the proposed
rate increases must be in writing, signed and submitted to the City Clerk
before the close of this hearing. The protest must also identify the parcel
and the rate being protested. Although the wastewater and refuse rate
increases are being considered together in one public hearing, the presence
or absence of a majority protest will be calculated separately on each rate.
                                                                         Page 23 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
