                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. De Luca: The reason it was on watch is we were waiting to see how it
moved. Initially, when the Senator introduced it, he gave overtures that it
was going to part of the budget. It wasn't folded into budget discussions, so
we were trying to see what the fate was going to be. Now that the budget is
resolved, now's the perfect time to take action.

Council Member Scharff: Now is the time to take action.

Mr. De Luca: My recommendation would be, with the special session on
transportation being called, we support SB 16. However, I'd also like to
outline specific Palo Alto priorities that we'd like to see part of any major
transportation package.

Council Member Scharff: Do you have any suggestions for those?

Mr. De Luca: Backlog of maintenance. Not just major transportation
projects, but filling potholes. Alternatives such as slurry seal or what have
you. Use of some of the funds that go to the county; maybe a higher
percentage goes directly to cities. Things of that nature. We can have
actual policy topics in case SB 16 gets rolled into another piece of legislation.

Council Member Scharff: Can I ask Richard if he has any thoughts on this?
I know you track this stuff.

Mr. Hackmann: I echo the statements made by Niccolo.

Council Member Burt: Overall, I'd be supportive of additional transportation
funding. It's hard for me to know, based on the description, how these
funds would be allocated for different purposes in transportation and how it
would affect Palo Alto potentially. Niccolo, any idea?

Mr. De Luca: That's still up in the air, percentages and how it gets divided.
We had a discussion this afternoon about do these funds also include EV
stations or other types of transportation. That's still nebulous as to what it
would do specifically. There has been a tremendous amount of pressure in a
good way from local governments and others saying, "Our backlog on our
repaving is 80 years, 90 years." Whether you want to do development fee
or what have you, how do you pay for this? It's clear from the locals, we're
talking local roads. The State is also talking at times freeways. How does
that get decided?

Council Member Burt: Is this all to further car transportation or is it broader
than that?



                                                                           Page 43 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
