                          TRANSCRIPT
take a long time to have any discovery on that. If Parks and Rec might look
into that and have some communication with the property owner as well, it
could enhance this site if that is possible. The motion on the floor is to defer
taking up the Fry's Master Plan until either adoption of the California Avenue
concept plan or one year, whichever comes first.

Mr. Keene: I want to be clear. The intent seems to be holding out the
possibility of the grant availability tracking with this motion over time. That
being said, it's uncertain. Council Member Burt asked for an informational
item. One concern we have is they could say we should have adopted a
resolution of some sort by the end of this month in order to be eligible for
something we read as "obligating funds" a year or so from now. We're going
to do our best to stay alive with the funding in parallel with what you want
to do.     If MTC or somebody closes the door, we recognize that the
requirements they might have imposed on us were worth this risk.

Mayor Holman:      Voting on the board please.           That motion passes
unanimously with all nine participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Wolbach: I attended the summit on climate change hosted
by Congresswoman Anna Eshoo and Assembly Member Rich Gordon held at
NASA on Friday. Council Member Scharff did a great job moderating a
panel. I also saw Council Member Kniss there and counterparts from several
other Councils in the region. It was informative on some of the specifics.
For me, there was nothing shocking. I was already aware of the urgency of
the issue. This is one of the greatest threats facing the world, but also one
of the greatest threats facing the economy and homes of Palo Alto. I'm glad
to know that I'm in good company prioritizing that issue.

Council Member Scharff: I also attended the sea level rise conference. I'll
adopt my colleague's comments, since they were so nice. I attended World
Music Day. I had a great time at World Music Day. It was fun. People were
having a good time. It's great that we have those kind of events in Palo
Alto. We should close University Avenue on a trial basis every Sunday and
see how that goes. That would be a fun thing for the community without
impacting anybody except in a positive way.

Council Member Kniss: Next Monday night I'll be able to report that the
Mayor, the City Manager and I—I don't know if anyone else is going to
Monterrey, Tom—are going to Monterrey for the first conference they've had
for Mayor and Council Members since 2009 and the big recession. That'll be
                                                                          Page 81 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
