                         TRANSCRIPT
couple of community public events that are scheduled in the next week.
First of all, on Sunday, November 15th, the City is hosting a sandbag day
from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. at the Municipal Service Center for residents to
pick up filled sandbags.         More importantly really, on Thursday,
November 19th, the San Francisquito Creek JPA and the member cities of
Palo Alto, East Palo Alto and Menlo Park will be holding a community
meeting in the Lucie Stern ballroom. This will be an opportunity to get a
more in-depth briefing on the early warning website for the creek, responses
and what people can do if the website indicates that there is a likelihood of
flooding. The City of Palo Alto is putting together a demonstration video
showing the best way to place sandbags around a residence to protect low-
lying areas from flooding in such places as garages and basements. The
meeting will be held from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m., as I indicated, in the Lucie
Stern ballroom. Information will be posted on the City's website, but you
can also find it at the JPA's website which is sfcjpa.org. In the ongoing
award department, I did want to share that Palo Alto has been named what
is called a Star Library. We are one of eleven California libraries on the
Library Journal's Star Libraries list that is based on a series of measures
such as per capita output measures including circulation, library visits,
program attendance and public internet use. Seeing as how there are
almost 500 cities in California, 58 counties, we're one of eleven and there
are only 261 Star Libraries across the country. Two other items. First of all,
there will be a Reading Partners ice cream social November 12th from 12:00
to 3:00 p.m. It's actually at Cream, located at 440 University Avenue. Folks
are invited to come and meet the Silicon Valley Reading Partners team at
Cream and find out why making a difference in your community never felt so
sweet. Finally, just because a couple of questions came up based on a story
in the Daily Post today that we were postponing the agenda item on
tomorrow night's Policy and Services Committee meeting related to the
smoking ordinance and extension. That's not an accurate story or report. I
don't understand the basis for it, I just again checked with our Staff. You
guys have all received the information in your packet. That will be on the
Policy and Services agenda tomorrow night. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Holman: Thank you so very much.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: With that, we go to Oral Communications. To this moment,
we have four speakers. Cameron Bradford to be followed by John Kelley.
You'll have three minutes a piece please.

Cameron Bradford: Good evening, Council, Staff and members of Palo Alto.
My name is Cameron Bradford, and I represent Ygrene Energy Fund. We're

                                                                            Page 5 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
