                         TRANSCRIPT
don't ask the respondents to say why they're responding the way they are.
They just give us the answers. For example, the question of ease of travel
by car, Area 4 rated it fairly high, 58 percent, compared to the other areas.
One of the reasons we thought that might be is because Area 4 was near the
Foothill Expressway where there's less traffic. Area 1 rated it pretty low, 41
percent, and that's the area over by Highway 101 where there's more traffic
getting in and out of Palo Alto during rush hour. The question of quality of
natural environment, Area 3 rated that really high, 96 percent as excellent
or good.     We thought that might be because there's such a natural
environment over there with Baylands Park. Shopping opportunities, Area 6
rated high, 88 percent, and that's where a lot of the shopping areas are, Cal.
Ave., Downtown, Stanford Shopping Center. There's easy access to all of
those from Area 6. Area 2, 69 percent, there were no major shopping areas
nearby and people have to travel to other areas. These next two slides
show similar results. I won't go into details on all of them. I wanted to
spend a little time explaining how we did some analysis on some of that. A
little bit more about what the results mean. One of the things that we've
done this year that's different is we are using Tableau software, which allows
you to interactively visualize the responses.        You can select multiple
variables to interpret what the results of questions relevant to you might be.
One of the things that's good about that is it allows you to see what works
and what doesn't work for you. You can focus on the questions that are
most important to you. Houman put this together, and he's going to give a
short demo in just a minute. He compiled the data from all the old Citizen
Surveys, 2003 through 2014 with about 6,000 responses. When you're in
there, you can also look at some of the underlying supporting data, so you
can see all the details. I'm going to turn it over to Houman briefly, so that
he can do a little bit of a demonstration for you.

Houman Boussina, Senior Performance Auditor: Houman Boussina, Senior
Performance Auditor. The Tableau visualization is comprised currently of six
tabs. They're going to range from minimally interactive to more interactive.
The first one is labeled background maps and provides a static introduction
to the survey, mainly showing the relevant geographic areas and
neighborhoods and a link to where more comprehensive information on our
methodology is available. Moving over to the next tab, we have trends
dating from 2003 to 2014. On the screen above, it's a little bit cutoff.
Hopefully on your screens you can see it better. What you can see here is a
heat map of the survey results dating back to 2003. Values in the heat map
represent the weighted average scores. The color scale corresponds to the
score. The darker the green is, the more positive the response. The darker
the red, the more negative the response. The user can quickly scroll
through the survey questions and identify trends, high and low scores.
Users can also sort the questions by score in ascending or descending order
                                                                        Page 6 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
