                         TRANSCRIPT
writing a Staff Report on that broad of a topic. It would probably be a four-
hour item at Council. I'd encourage my Colleagues to stick with the first
sentence, which addresses the concerns that have been raised by the
community. Let's go a little slower on the second part, and maybe bring
that back after break.

Mayor Holman: Two things. Regarding the second sentence, I realize it is in
error in one way, from intention I believe. "Direct Staff to place on the June
29 agenda as an action item that will consider referral of policy matters," I
think that's what was intended there.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, that was the intent. Not that we would have
a substantial discussion on the 29th, that we would start the process. It
would take a long time as Council Member Burt is suggesting. It was not to
rush to action at the end of June, just to start.

Mayor Holman: That was the intention. Just to throw it out there, to a
comment that Council Member Burt made, and appropriately so, that this
could be a long process. When it comes to Eichler neighborhoods, it won't
be a long process, because there are all kinds of model ordinances out there,
all kinds of model overlays. Because Eichlers are unique, a lot of these
neighborhoods have CCRs from which neighborhood characteristics can be
pulled. It's not like we're trying to address the world of development.

Council Member DuBois: We should officially alter the Motion. I don't know
if you made the Amendment to consider referral, but I agree to that
Amendment. It was amended.

Mayor Holman: Shall we vote on the board?

Council Member Kniss: I do want to comment. We have a new Motion that
I'd like to comment on and make sure that we have clarity on it. As far as
capping the fee, that is heading in a good direction, especially rather than
being absolute in the amount. Secondly, directing Staff to put on the June
29th agenda an action item that would consider referral, I want to ask you a
little more on this one, Council Member DuBois. Referral of policy matters,
there could be a hundred policy matters that refer to neighborhood
protections. I'm concerned about the amount of time it's going to take on
that very last date. We're going to need at least a couple of hours for this.

Council Member DuBois: What I understood was—again, not that we would
have much of a substantial discussion on the 29th—that we are agendizing
the referral so that the public can be noticed that we're going to begin this
discussion.

                                                                        Page 56 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
