                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I'd like to just add in there we—what do you want
to suggest in terms of money? I mean I haven't ...

Council Member Burt: Since they don't know a dollar amount, I guess we
should add "request Staff to return to Council with a Budget Amendment to
fund the additional studies that were directed within the motion."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to direct Staff to return to
the Council with a Budget Amendment Ordinance to fund additional studies.”

Mayor Holman: Josh.

Mr. Mello: Just to be clear. For the feasibility study of the creek corridor,
we would continue to advance that, but we would study a hybrid option, and
we would complete the necessary work required under the County grant to
call it a feasibility study for the hybrid option. In parallel to that, we would
complete concept planning for a parallel corridor on-street. We could bring
that concept plan to you for adoption just like we do with the Bike Boulevard
Program and the enhanced bikeways.

Council Member Burt: Yes. The concept on the hybrid is to look at
removing sections of it that just aren't feasible. Sections that maybe we got
initial push back on from the Water District, to see if can overcome
obstacles. Where we have major chokepoints, I understand that that's
probably not something that can be overcome.

Council Member Scharff: I think there's another part of this that we should
think about. Right now, I think under the motion what we're doing is the
Matadero hybrid (inaudible), and then we're studying most likely the Loma
Verde or Colorado options as well. I think the other part of this is—the
County is going to go back out on that $5 million. When I worked with the
County in 2012 and 2013 on this, what was really important was coming up
with a plan that seemed feasible at the time. We probably oversold the
Matadero Creek one, frankly, to the County at the time. I don't think that's
our fault or anything. I mean, that's sort of how it was presented to us, that
it was in the Bike Plan, it was possible. I think the second time around the
County's going to want to see, since we might be giving them money back
too if we're not careful on this, that we have a plan that works. I think that
we should also work up Meadow Drive, frankly, as a Class 4 bike lane that
we can then present to the County when it comes time to make bids on that
additional $5 million, so that we have something for them that we can go
ahead and say, "This works. We've done the feasibility work." I think we're
much more likely to get it if it's "shovel ready" or that kind of thing.

                                                                            Page 43 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
