                          TRANSCRIPT
tap into the City of Palo Alto's solar feed-in tariff program known as Palo Alto
CLEAN, which is Clean Local Energy Accessible Now. It will be part of the
congregation's ongoing effort to reduce its carbon footprint and increase
local renewable energy generation at the church campus located on East
Charleston Road. They had installed a 17 kilowatt solar array earlier, back
in 2001; a public electric vehicle charger in 2013; and drought-tolerant
landscaping in 2014. They are looking to move to making the campus a net
zero electricity consumer by 2016. Congratulations to them. As another
element of our winter preparation for this winter's El Nino storms, we have
retained a contractor who has started construction of a temporary flood
control berm along San Francisquito Creek, downstream of Highway 101.
It's downstream of Highway 101. This berm is being constructed to an
elevation that's the same height as the berm on the other side of the creek
extended by East Palo Alto, which is on the north side of the creek. This is
necessary to provide an equal level of flood protection to properties on both
sides of the creek. It will enhance flood protection for the International
School of the Peninsula, the U.S. Post Office and consists of a 12-18 inch
high sandbag barrier covered with 2-4 inches of concrete. We expect it to
be completed prior to Christmas. It's being coordinated with our partners in
East Palo Alto and Santa Clara Valley Water District and the San Francisquito
Creek JPA. There's a Public Art Holiday Open House. You may have seen
the activity in the community room, outside in the foyer on your way in to
the meeting. The Public Art Program is hosting a Holiday Open House and
Master Planning Workshop from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. tonight. It's a hands-on
workshop to help the City shape a proactive vision for public art in Palo Alto
over the next decade. If you get an opportunity, a break or anything, you
might want to stop by and mingle with the Art Commissioners and the
Master Plan Advisory Committee Members. As a follow-up to the Center for
Disease Control and Prevention, CDC, as you may have heard, the CDC will
conduct an epidemiology study on teen suicides in Palo Alto in early 2016.
This week two preliminary meetings will occur between the CDC, Santa Clara
County Public Health Department and Palo Alto representatives so we can
learn more about the process of the CDC epidemiology study. One of those
occurred this morning with School District representatives, including
administrative staff, teachers, students and parents. The City of Palo Alto
had a representative there, because we're going to have a second phone call
meeting, for the most part, with many of our Project Safety Net partners
who are involved in the collaborative. We've invited our two School Liaison
Committee Members, Council Members Burt and DuBois, to match the two
School Board Members who were in their meeting, to sit in with us on the
call. As we learn more about the CDC study, we'll let you know. I have a
list; we've got about 20, 21 people who will be attending that meeting.
Wouldn't it be most appropriate, Madam Mayor, that I add some information
related to these Consent Agenda Items now? I'll try to do these in order so
                                                                        Page 12 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
