                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:     That new building is at Grant, which is the next
block.

Council Member Burt: Yeah, Grant. It goes to Grant.

Council Member Scharff: If we limit it to Grant, it works.

Mayor Holman: I could go with that.

Council Member Burt: That seems reasonable to me. Can you—sorry.

Mayor Holman:      Council Member Wolbach, are you okay with that as
seconder?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm okay with that. I was just wondering if we
wanted to consider going one block further to Sheridan or if ...

Council Member Burt: No.

Council Member Wolbach: ... there's any reason to stop at Grant. If nobody
else feels there's a reason to go to Sheridan, I'm fine with that Amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part A, “to Grant Avenue”
after “Boulevard south."

Council Member Burt: Mayor, can you explain your intent on this linkages in
"b"? I didn't know what that meant.

Mayor Holman: If there's any opportunity, and I don't know that there is,
any opportunity for retail linkages to the Fry's site. I don't think it exists.
That was an attempt with Park Boulevard. I don't think there is, but I don't
have the area memorized.

Council Member Burt: We're going to have our Fry's area specific plan. That
seems like that would be the right time and vehicle to look at this.

Mayor Holman: Staff?

James Keene, City Manager: Shouldn't you have two poles or something
before you do a linkage? You've got an area here. Get something a little
clarified here to be able to understand the linkage versus just going out to
the frontier, not knowing what you're going to ...

Mayor Holman: I didn't want to lose anything if we had opportunities at this
time.

                                                                         Page 82 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
