                         TRANSCRIPT
be dependent upon being able to access some additional funding that may
not become available until later on in this process, the concurrency of the
process.    I'm not so sure that we wouldn't want to think of a little
amendment piece here that would say we focus on the $13 million target,
and that any competitive bridge would have to be able to provide a bridge
design at that cost. If there were value engineering on their design that
they had to do to meet that goal, could they identify the add alternates back
into the bridge with the cost amounts in the event we were able to get extra
money? That way you kind of get a better sense of some outer sense of the
design, but we don't have $17 million right now.

Council Member DuBois: We're talking about total costs for the 13? Would
it be reasonable to say request for a design similar to the current concept?

Mr. Eggleston: I think it would depend on if by similar you meant the same
structural system and the same very thin kind of structure that introduces
those uncertainties that we're worried about versus things like very nice
architectural railings, enhanced lighting, plazas, the addition of the stairs,
the wider pathway and those sorts of amenities.

Council Member Dubois: It sounds like there may not be an appetite for
this, but I'll propose a substitute motion that we would move forward with
this bridge design for a hard budget of $13 million. With Moffatt & Nichol.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member XX to move forward with the Moffat and Nichol bridge
design with a hard budget of $13 million.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other lights from Council Members. I just
want to clarify one thing. In the RFP process, if Staff would commit to
making sure that the other two design competition teams would be
contacted and absolutely be informed of the Council action this evening. If
Staff could also return to the Council if there are any timing delays or
anything given what I'd observed previously and how complex it is to vet
teams, in terms of vetting teams. I don't think any of us want to—I think
Tom mentioned not having an appetite for something. I don't think the
Council has an appetite for a year delay. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a clarification. We're going to an RFP and saying
we have $13 million. At the same time, anyone who reads this said, "They
have a budget of 17 million."


                                                                      Page 124 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
