                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Did you want to answer the other question about how we
would collect parking data if not through this? Using a second mechanism
seems inefficient to me, especially when it was one of the primary purposes
of the Memo.

Mr. Shikada: Understood. I think it really comes down to the accuracy of
the information. For example, when there is a multitenant building, the
alternative would be and we could—I think this is something we need to test
out as to whether it would work—suggest that tenants in a multitenant
building simply use the total for the building. That again has its own
potential inaccuracies and also takes away from some of the goal of trying to
get very precise information on a tenant-by-tenant basis. The problem is
that given the quality control or perhaps the different interpretations that
companies will use when they fill out the survey to simply add up the
information leads to exactly the phenomena we were just talking about in
terms of employees to square foot. In aggregate, it just doesn't make
sense. I think the challenge for us is to, as was described earlier, increase
the quality control at the survey level as an alternative to using more
aggregated sources. I think that's basically the tradeoff we have. Again, if
it's Council's direction to proceed with the company-by-company queries,
then we will do that.

Mayor Holman: One last, wrap comment here then. It seems like we would
be able to kind of qualify, if you would, that information by address.
Anyway, we have another 25 minutes that's scheduled for this item. Why
don't we do this? Why don't we try to do—I've got two lights and I think
there's one more light going to come. Why don't we try to do any wrap-up
comments, questions and Motions in just a couple of minute round? We'll
set the timer for a couple of minutes and see if we can go with that. Council
Member DuBois, you were first on.

Council Member DuBois: Just another quick comment. I don't know if my
colleagues looked at this data. There's all kinds of things in there. There's
things like Stevenson House and other multiunit housing There are private
schools; there are churches. Again, I think it's really important that when
we run these reports that the data's clean. If we're looking at office space,
for example, we're filtering out schools and these other uses or the data is
not going to be as useful as the queries. It's important to understand it's
not just office space in there; there's a lot of stuff in there. I did try to do
make a Motion, which I sent to City Clerk. If you have it, I'll try to read it
here. There's a lot of detail. My overall proposal is to send some of that
discussion to Policy and Services. I think there's some things Staff should
move forward on. I kind of split it up in that way. The motion was for Staff
to define an enforcement ordinance with proposed mechanisms for citation
                                                                         Page 28 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
