                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: The use is not retail as of March 2nd, which is the operative date,
and then it converts to retail?

Council Member Wolbach: After March 2nd, right.

Ms. Silver: Yes. Any conversion after March 2nd, as long as the Ordinance is
in effect, the Ordinance would prevent future conversions to office.

Council Member Wolbach: That would include in places that are not zoned
to allow retail, correct?

Ms. Silver: Yes, that's correct. Of course, at this point we're only dealing
with a 45-day period, so it's unlikely that that scenario would occur.

Council Member Burt: First, I wanted to get clarification. Director Gitelman,
you had said that there were tenant improvement permits that had been
issued on one or more of these pipelines without a use and occupancy
permit. If that's the case, is that a sequence that we have defined or was
that an inadvertent action or what?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. This was inadvertent. The
tenant improvements were approved and acted upon without a referral to
Planning for review of a use and occupancy permit.

Council Member Burt: Is that currently tightened up?

Ms. Gitelman: Pardon me?

Council Member Burt: Has that been tightened up with the Development
Center, whoever it would be.

Ms. Gitelman: We just found out about one of these today, so it hasn't been
tightened up yet. This is not a great process, and we will work on making
sure that it doesn't happen in the future.

Council Member Burt: When would we be getting the retail trends study?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, Council Member Burt. I don't have a date for you.
At this point, I think it's going to be after your break.

Council Member Burt: Does a Conditional Use Permit expire upon change in
tenancy?

Ms. Gitelman: No, it does not.



                                                                         Page 29 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
