                            MINUTES
3.    Heart Across America Presentation.

Amy Brennan, Heart Across America Campaign Manager, introduced
community supporters of Heart Across America. She played a video about
Sean Maloney and his recovery from a debilitating stroke.

Sean Maloney reported Heart Across America was a cross-country bike ride
to increase awareness of strokes and heart attacks. Normally, heart attacks
and strokes were the result of thickening of arteries, which was detectable
by an ultrasound. Heart attacks and strokes are the number one cause of
deaths worldwide.

Ms. Brennan indicated Heart Across America would provide a number of
events and activities for the community.           Event sponsors included
corporations, health and wellness organizations, bicycle clubs and shops. A
beginner's ride would extend from City Hall to Hewlett-Packard. The ride
would continue for 52 miles for experienced bicyclists.

Tana and Alexandria Maloney hoped the children of Palo Alto would bring
their parents to the event.

Mayor Holman was pleased Heart Across America was being launched in Palo
Alto.

Council Member Kniss noted the Council adopted Healthy City/Healthy
Community as a Priority.

Ms. Malone inquired whether Heart Across America could fulfill a portion of
the Council's Priority of Healthy City/Healthy Community.

James Keene, City Manager, responded yes.

Council Member Filseth read the Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Holman advised that the ride would begin at City Hall on March 22,
2015 at 10:00 A.M.

Wynn Grcich stated ammonia was added to drinking water, and ammonia
caused strokes. Fluoridation could speed the aging process. Chlorine
caused heart attacks.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, announced approximately 800 customers had
registered for the Palo Alto Green Gas Program in the first month.
Participation in Palo Alto Green Gas would add approximately $5 to each

02/17/2015                                                            117- 4
