                             MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND), the Site and Design
Review application, the two Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEEs) and the
three density bonus concessions for the project at 441 Page Mill Road, based
on Architectural Review (AR), Design Enhancement Exception (DEE),
Context Based Design Criteria and Density Bonus Findings, and subject to
the conditions in the draft Record of Land Use Action (RLUA, Attachment A).

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Kniss felt this was a test case for the Density Bonus Law.
There was a great deal of concern throughout the state regarding affordable
housing.   She inquired whether any cities other than Berkeley had
experienced the same issues.

Ms. Prince indicated communities across the state were struggling with the
issues. There were a couple of other cases about different aspects of the
Density Bonus Law.

Council Member Kniss hoped the City was not headed to a lawsuit with this
project, but would not be surprised if State law trumped local law.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted this project was the first off-menu project the
Council had reviewed under the State Density Bonus Law. A concession of
10,000 square feet of office space above zoning, at a value of $600,000-
$700,000, for three BMR units, at a value of $400,000-$500,000, was
astounding. The model used to justify it was mystifying. The original zoning
had residential space for 13 units and office space. Economic assumptions
should be logical. In order to provide three additional units which accounted
for less than 10 percent of the total square footage in the building, the
Applicant could impose over 30 percent of the cost of the garage. It baffled
him how the Council could accept that pro forma.

Council Member Filseth wished to understand the model. He asked if the
income stream, total NOI, was the total annual rent from the project.

Mr. Kawahara replied yes.

Council Member Filseth stated that dividing that in the first alternative by
5.59 percent provided the gross value of the project. He inquired whether
subtracting from that the upfront cost would provide the total net project
value.

Mr. Kawahara answered yes. He clarified that the 5.59 percent was a
blended rate. It assumed a separate percentage for each land use.
                                                                       Page 20 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
