                          TRANSCRIPT
their option. We were interested in promoting that Master Plan process and
funding it. We talked to Staff about the appropriate vehicle to fund it. We
were circling around the concept of a development fund, so the funds could
be advanced by the City and then recovered when we come forward with a
project.

Council Member Berman: Was there any discussion of up to what amount
that would be?

Mr. Steele: No, we didn't get that far in the conversation. We would be
willing to commit to the $300,000 range in the right environment, to match
it if the VTA grant wasn't exercised today and this was deferred to a later
date and we still did it together.

Council Member Berman: Would that scenario be sufficient for the City's
purposes in terms of going through a process like this a little bit later?

Ms. Gitelman: The answer is yes. $300,000 tomorrow would be like ...

Council Member Berman: I would think so too.          It seems like we'd have
more flexibility and that kind of thing.

Ms. Gitelman: The process could still take a little longer than we've laid out
in the scope. It could cost a little more than we've articulated in the scope.
Backfilling the funds would be terrific.

Council Member Scharff: When I read the resolution, some things jumped
out at me. One would be that the project will be implemented as described
in the completed application. The application says the goal would be to
generate densities that would support substantial use of public
transportation. In several other places, it talks about the goal would be to
encourage development at the higher range. Does this limit what we can do
in terms of a plan in good faith, if we're promising at the outset to develop it
at a higher density?

Ms. Gitelman: The only thing I don't follow you on is commitment to
develop at a higher density. We're committing to the way we've described
the project. We talk about the Fry's site as a "rare opportunity within this
City for true transit-oriented mixed use." We talk about the purpose of the
plan is to identify land use and transportation opportunities for a well-
planned and designed mixed use of residential, commercial, office and retail
uses. When we asked for these funds, it was knowing that they were
transportation dollars. It was part of the regional sustainable community
strategy that Palo Alto designated this site as a PDA, priority development

                                                                          Page 68 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
