                         TRANSCRIPT
misunderstanding that came out of a previous Planning Commission review.
They misconstrued some guidance from the Legal Staff.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member Burt. We will do
that. We will go ahead and do that in writing so that we can be thoughtful
about it and issue it to both the Council and to the Commission. Thank you
for that invitation.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to say to Commissioner Waldfogel,
welcome to the PTC.

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: My final comment. I'm sorry. Commissioner Rosenblum.

Mr. Rosenblum: Sorry. I wanted to add to Council Member Burt's statement
also for the attorney. He brought up an issue around are employees of large
Downtown-based companies, should we be recused from issues impacting
Downtown.

Ms. Stump: Thank you. We appreciate that invitation as well. We do watch
those issues, and we will work with you on that as well. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. I do want to thank each and every one
of you, Council Members and certainly Commissioners alike. This has not in
its totality been an easy conversation to have. It's one that we have to have
in this venue because of the Brown Act. We have to have these discussions
in public. There have been some questions that have arisen among a
variety of Council Members, certainly members of the public and expressed
by Commissioners as well. I appreciate everyone's indulgence and attitude
in addressing these difficult and easy issues combined. Thank you all very
much. If you have further questions or issues, please do channel those
through Staff or through your Chair to the Council and to the Staff, so we
can help address this and help us all move forward in a productive manner.
Thank you all so very much.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: While we don't have any changes—excuse me. Thank you
very much. If we don't have any changes, but do know that we will do the
best we can to get through our entire agenda this evening. Hang in there
with us, and we'll do the best we can. There is a possibility, depending on
how long some of these items take, that we might have to continue

                                                                         Page 66 of 132
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 11/30/15
