                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: No, and I guess ...

Mayor Holman: It sounded like you were doing a run-up to a motion.

Council Member Burt: All right. I will offer a substitute motion which is to
request that the Mayor appoint an ad hoc committee for the purpose of
evaluating the benefits that have been derived from PCs and whether there
are alternative mechanisms that can be used to provide those benefits other
than PCs or, alternately, at a high level a set of reforms that would be
necessary to reform the PC process should we choose to retain it.

Mayor Holman: Looking for a second. I will second that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor
Holman to request that the Mayor appoint an ad hoc committee for the
purpose of evaluating the benefits that have been derived from PCs and if
there are alternative mechanisms that could provide these benefits, or
alternately, at a high level, a set of reforms that are necessary to reform the
PC process should it be retained.

Council Member Burt: I think I've spoken to it fully. I encourage colleagues
to reconsider just reacting and instead acting in a thoughtful, deliberate
manner. We may still end up in the same place, but we'll have done it
based upon good information and good, quality analysis.

Mayor Holman: In speaking to my second, I support this because I too am
really concerned about—I think this is a good process and workable, but I
also think that the original motion, with due respect to colleagues, is a
recoiling from what have been some unfortunate circumstances. I guess
what I would equate the original motion to is we've had three, that I can
think of right off hand, appeals of projects in the CDC zone in the last, what?
Year and a half. Does that mean you repeal the CDC zoning? Do we repeal
the CS zone because we've had appeals in the CS zone? No. I think again
pointing back to what Staff's coming forward with to make some changes to
what have been systemic problems over a long period of time. I can
mention other projects that are PCs that are widely acceptable and popular.
The Hamilton is a PC. 449 Addison is a PC which created no change
whatsoever that was visible to the public. It was a lot line that was dropped
down, and the public got covenants to protect the two houses on the
property. That was a PC, and it was the only way that that project was
going to happen. There are some definite benefits and flexibilities that a PC
offers that we just don't have any other tool that does that. The other thing
that I would suggest is we talked about and the Staff Report talks about this
as well, is there another tool that we could use instead of a PC. What about
development agreements? They're subject to the same kinds of abuses that
                                                                         Page 72 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
