                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Richardson: About that.

Mr. Keene: Four hundred across the country. When Harriet's been citing
the relevance of some of these statistics as being typical or normal, they
don't just apply to our City but to the performance in other jurisdictions.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Presentation by Matt Schlegel Regarding His Running in the Tsuchiura,
     Japan Marathon.

Jennifer Buenrostro, Neighbors Abroad: Good evening, Mayor Holman, City
Council Members, and ladies and gentlemen. I'm Jennifer Buenrostro from
Neighbors Abroad, and I co-chair the position of vice president of our Sister
City Tsuchiura, Japan. Tsuchiura and Palo Alto have an active middle school
exchange program that has taken place over the past 19 years. In addition
to our incredible student exchange program, Tsuchiura is also well known for
their famous Kasumigaura marathon, which hosts 27,000 runners along the
scenic shores of Lake Kasumigaura. The marathon is significant not only
because of its size, but also because blind and visually-impaired runners are
invited to join this race alongside Olympic athletes and medalists. The
marathon is one of the biggest events for the City of Tsuchiura, second only
to the fireworks competition which takes place in the fall. Since 2011,
Tsuchiura has generously invited a Palo Alto runner to participate in the
Kasumigaura marathon. Tonight I would like to introduce Matt Schlegel who
was chosen this year to participate. He is here this evening to tell us about
his experience.

Matt Schlegel: Thank you, Jennifer. I appreciate the opportunity to give
this presentation tonight and to express my gratitude for the opportunity to
go to Tsuchiura and participate in the Kasumigaura marathon. I'm going to
tell a little story about how I ended up going to Tsuchiura for this. I turned
50 last year, and I wanted to do something memorable this year. My sister
suggested that we run in the Paris marathon in April. This was April 2014
when we came up with this idea. We both entered the lottery, and we both
got accepted, so we both started making plans. Two months later, I was in
Tsuchiura as a parent chaperone for the Neighbors Abroad student exchange
program. I told the folks there that I was planning on running in the Paris
marathon, and they said, "Why don't you run in our marathon?" I took that
under advisement. I had a problem though, because the Paris marathon
was on Sunday, April 12th, and the Kasumigaura marathon was on Sunday,
April 19th, one week apart. There was no way I could run two marathons
one week apart. At that point, I resolved to run the Kasumigaura marathon
if I were selected. In January of this year, we received the kind invitation

                                                                       Page 22 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
