                             MINUTES
Charisse Ma LeBron, Working Partnerships USA, supported Bus Rapid Transit
(BRT) with dedicated lanes as it would allow Palo Alto to accommodate
future growth and best serve constituents. BRT was a viable transportation
alternative.

Chris Lepe, Transform, advised that future growth needed to be
accommodated. The Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) clearly
demonstrated that doing nothing would result in more traffic problems. He
offered recommendations regarding the DEIR.

Edie Keating would utilize BRT on weekends. BRT would reduce the number
of car travelers.

Vanessa Warheit believed the City needed good transit in order to reduce
carbon emissions. She supported BRT with dedicated lanes, including a
dedicated bike lane.

Adina Levin stated that residents would utilize public transit if it was time
competitive with driving. She liked the suggestion to use the dedicated
lanes for City shuttles.

Council Member Burt did not recall the letter containing a reference to the
impacts under Caltrain's EIR on traffic on Alma Street and cross streets
which would be compounded by the dedicated lane. That was essentially
new information. He appreciated the reference to alternative initiatives.
Additional ridership on VTA buses could be accomplished through dedicated
lanes and Eco Passes.       The City was pursuing authorization for the
Transportation Management Agency to purchase Eco Passes as a single
entity.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that under comment Number 12-direct Staff to
include a reference to Caltrain EIR that ramifications of the Caltrain EIR on
congestion to Alma Street and perpendicular arterial streets would
compound the impacts on side streets resulting from the dedicated BRT lane.

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment, would
add that to Point Number 12.

Council Member DuBois did not believe a car lane should be removed from El
Camino Real or a bike lane added. He inquired whether the Council would
be able to comment on a Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR).




01/12/2015                                                            116- 323
