                          TRANSCRIPT
million for, I believe, a couple of years. Part of the confusion is the way that
the budget is presented starting this last year, where Staff costs are
embedded within the project. In the past, you would have seen a total
budget number that might have said $8 million for construction and $2
million for design. Those figures now include the Staff costs. If you're just
looking at that, it appears like the budget has suddenly increased.

Council Member Kniss: This has been extraordinarily frustrating.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I don't doubt that the cost of building bridges has
gone up. I don't doubt that the cost of building everything has gone up.
We've seen that in numerous different things that we've approved over the
past couple of years. We're now coming to developing—I have a trust
problem. Maybe I'm misplaced in that trust problem. The City did an
analysis in 2011 and said that the bridge—I know I only have a couple of
minutes, so I'll ask Staff to be kind of quick—would cost $8 1/2 million or
something like that. Is that correct for construction? Approximately.

Mr. Eggleston: I think we presented a total project range of 6-10.

Council Member Berman: That was City-based in 2011. The applicant came
to us in either December 2014 or February 2015 with this design and said it
would cost 9-9 1/2 million.

Mr. Eggleston: Correct, December 2014.

Council Member Berman: Three months later, it cost $3 million more. I
have a problem with that. The applicant is claiming that's not the case. I'll
give you an opportunity to respond in a second. That's your design. You
guys offered up that design. You guys offered up the cost estimate. Staff,
let me know if I'm getting this wrong. We had a competition. We asked
people to offer up designs and offer up cost estimates for those designs in
late 2014. That shouldn't have been based on any 2011 anything. That
should have been based on late 2014 cost estimates. We approved it,
because I liked the design. I thought it was a good design. I thought it was
better than the other design. Based on aesthetics, that was the right issue,
but cost was also a factor in that decision. What we had been told by the
applicant was that that design cost $9-$9 1/2 million in December 2014. If
I’m misunderstanding that, then I hope you guys will let me know. I'm
pretty sure that was the proposal that you made. When all of a sudden I
hear that we approve it in March and then Staff enters into negotiations with
you guys and immediately the cost jumps $3 million, my gut isn't feeling
good about the situation. The City's been through some pretty difficult
                                                                       Page 111 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
