                             MINUTES
Ranier Pitham indicated dynamic scoring was missing from the pro forma
information.  Pro forma information should be reviewed by a building
superintendant of a large construction company.

Matthew Harris advised that the project met all planning guidelines and was
of high quality.   If a project met all existing guidelines but was not
approved, then that was irrational.

David Schrom commented that predictions made in environmental impact
statements, traffic projections, and parking need requirements were proved
to be inaccurate time and again. He questioned whether Staff reviewed the
reliability of consultants prior to hiring consultants to perform analyses. The
Council should ensure data was more reliable for this and future projects
than it had been in the past.

Ms. Prince advised that inclusionary housing did not apply to rental housing,
which these units were. BMR units were restricted for 55 years. A court
case did not support the Council being able to reduce concessions. A
cumulative traffic analysis was included in the MND. While the City hired
consultants, the Applicant paid their fees. KMA was a respected firm who
performed careful and thoughtful analyses. A one-bedroom, two-bedroom,
and three bedroom unit would be BMR units. The building's setback and
trees in the streetscape should address safety concerns.

Mr. Northway would work with Mr. Luh to address his concerns.

Public Hearing closed at 9:02 P.M.

Ms. Gitelman reported that the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
explicitly provided for either a projections-based approach or a list of recent
projects approach in the analysis of cumulative traffic. The analysis included
a growth rate ample enough for all known projects, including the Jay Paul
Project which had been withdrawn. Staff discharged their obligation to
review the project's increment contribution to the cumulative picture. The
project made use of a Code provision that allowed for a parking reduction of
up to 20 percent for a mixed-use project. The Applicant did not receive a
full 20 percent reduction. The Council had previously indicated its desire to
rescind some parking exemptions; however, that had not been done. Mr.
Buchanan's point that the benefits of the few dwelling units were far offset
by job creation was valid.

Mr. Kawahara clarified that the $1.284 million incremental value was the net
incremental value after considering development costs. The estimate of the
incremental gross value prior to considering development costs was about
$9.6 million between the two alternatives.
                                                                         Page 14 of 39
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 1/26/2015
