                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman:       Include Staff initiating changes to clarify intention
consistent with the Ordinance regarding Palo Alto Central. Is that, like, too
many words to just say what you wanted to do?

Mr. Lait: Then this (crosstalk).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “including Staff initiated
changes to clarify intention consistent with regards to Palo Alto Central.”

Mayor Holman: What are the administrative changes?

Mr. Lait: To the substantial remodel provision.

Mayor Holman: What was that change?

Mr. Lait: We're going to just clarify the 50 percent—how we measure the 50
percent calculation of what is considered a substantial remodel. The other
change has to do with ...

Mayor Holman: You haven't indicated what that change is.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry.

Mayor Holman: You haven't indicated what that change is, right?

Mr. Lait: We would do a calculation of measuring 50 percent of the linear
dimension around the building. If 50 percent of it is removed, that would be
considered a substantial remodel along with the other criteria. We also
wanted to just add more specificity to what structural members were.
They're not substantive changes; just we wanted to add more clarification to
the Ordinance.

Mayor Holman: If somebody had a—I'm sorry to go here. If somebody
owned property and they were wanting to open up walls from one building to
the next building because they own two next door to each other, those
aren't exterior walls, right?

Mr. Lait: It would be, because we're looking at the building's exterior walls
even though they might be adjoined. I guess it would depend on how much
they open up the building. We're looking at an individual building on a lot,
and if you've got two buildings on a lot with the property line going between
them, we would consider each building's wall as the perimeter wall. It would
not be—if you've got two building walls straddling a property line, those are
                                                                      Page 78 of 133
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/21/15
