                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Given that, I will move the Staff recommendations
on our Group 1, interpretations of signs.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Scharff, second by Council
Member Kniss. I believe you were second.

Council Member Kniss: I was just a nanosecond ahead (inaudible).

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to adopt Ordinance Sections 1-3, modifying Municipal Code Section
Title 16 (Group 1 Interpretations of 16.20 (Signs)).

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Scharff, do you want to speak to your
Motion?

Council Member Scharff: I just wanted to say I actually appreciate you
thinking through as a Staff this one issue and bringing it forward to us. It's
a good catch. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speak to your second.

Council Member Kniss: I would say not only is the business owner for the
sign important, but as you go down University Avenue you frequently cannot
see what that particular establishment is which is frustrating. I forgot to ask
one question though. We have nothing in here about neon, do we? Neon
versus no neon. There are lots of neon signs Downtown. Pardon?

Mayor Holman: This is where I'd like to ...

Council Member Kniss: Usually they're on the interior. I haven't seen many
that are outside.

Mayor Holman: Either Jonathan or I will, one or the other of us, jump in
here. It's a procedural thing. Council Member Scharff, I didn't interrupt
because I wanted to make the point here. There are other aspects of the
Code that's in front of us that the Council will have interest in. The Staff's
intention this evening is for us to focus on the things that are underlined,
struck out, that sort of thing. That's why going down the neon avenue,
while I appreciate the question, isn't on tonight's agenda. I do have this
question for Staff. You will hear comments from Council Members this
evening. What is going to be the best way to capture those things that are
Code cleanup, clarifications, whatever, that we will want to come back? Will
Staff make a list of those things that even individual Council Members
mention and then at another meeting we will vote on yes, the majority of us
                                                                        Page 45 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
