                          TRANSCRIPT
Study Session

2.    Joint Study Session of the City Council and the Utilities Advisory
      Commission.

Mayor Holman: Commissioners, thank you very much for joining us this
evening. You have information that you would like to share with us and
questions for us as well. I look to the Chair, Jon Foster, to start this
discussion. Thank you.

Jonathan Foster, Utilities Advisory Commission, Chair: Mayor Holman, thank
you very much for that introduction and for inviting us all to join you this
evening as we do periodically every year to 18 months or so. It's a great
opportunity to hear from individual members of the City Council on the
utility issues of priority to you. Let me start with a few words myself. The
City of Palo Alto is unique in California in operating all utilities municipally,
our electric, our gas, our water and our wastewater. We're unique in that
respect. We are, as many people know, a very green-friendly City, and we
are also a very innovative City. Those things come together wonderfully in
our municipal utility in providing an opportunity to be innovative in
sustainability in running a municipal utility. At the same time, I tend to
think of our utility in a pyramid structure. The very base of it is the need to
operate our utility safely, reliably and cost effectively. As Director Fong is
fond of reminding us, if we fail to do those things, all the nice things with
sustainability and everything else doesn't happen. It is obviously very
important that we continue that. We then move to the next layer of the
pyramid, which is the opportunity in Palo Alto to push the ball forward on
sustainability, renewable energy and energy efficiency which we have found
over time is cost effective for our residents, our ratepayers and our
businesses. That's great. The last piece of the pyramid is Palo Alto is
uniquely positioned to be a leader among communities around the United
States in setting an example for other communities and utilities on what can
be done to use less fossil fuels in a cost-effective way for ratepayers. We
have a wonderful opportunity here. What has worked very well in these
discussions in the past is for individual members of the UAC and City Council
to share the thoughts on their mind, what topics are of interest to them,
what would you all like to see us work on over the next year. With that, we
can go around or however you want to do it, Mayor Holman.

Mayor Holman: First we would go to other Commission Members and see if
they have questions that they would like Council Members to answer or
points that they would like to make that maybe accentuate the need for the
question or something that they're particularly satisfied with that the
Commission has undertaken. We have two Commissioners who are going to


04/20/2015                                                               117- 269
