                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:      Senator Simitian has communicated the agenda for
tomorrow's meeting. In working with the City Manager, we have agendized
a Buena Vista item for next Monday. You might want to follow that.

Leland Francois: My name is Leland Francois. I'm from the East Palo Alto
jurisdiction, not really the East Palo Alto municipal jurisdiction. I want to go
back a little bit further and touch on the name East Palo Alto. Prior to East
Palo Alto, it was the town of Ravenswood. A lot of you have been around a
while, we're historically tied to Palo Alto through the Mayfield era. I want to
bring some information to you tonight, offline information, information that
you probably will not find on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or whatever. As a
sole proprietor business operator, I haven't had the opportunity to put a lot
of my innovative ideas online yet.           I'm here to discuss Ravenswood
Gardening Products and the Free or Less Gardening Club. I've spent the
past 24 years developing a line of consumer green-themed office, desktop
furniture items. I must say this 22nd day of June that I am fabricating and
manufacturing these items now within the Ravenswood Industrial Park area,
at least that's the direction I'm headed for. I'm putting out the word right
now. I brought my current flyers to distribute to you as well as to the
public.    My whole idea behind that for some reason, Ravenswood is
historically connected by way of agriculture to the whole mid-Peninsula
region. I won't touch on that too much. To let you know that some of the
products I put on the market are such names as the Peachy Café, the
Pumpkin Factory, Strawberry Inn, Banana Bar. Those describe the names of
particular planters. They're somewhat educational. Even though I'm trying
to design some items along with other desktop furniture pieces that would
accommodate professional office inventory. I want to let you know that the
mission statement of Ravenswood Gardening Products and the Free or Less
Gardening Club is to address some of the social safety concerns within the
at-risk community, not only locally but across the country. I must touch on
Charleston, South Carolina. Today is just not a day after Juneteenth. That
was tragic, what took place in South Carolina on the East Coast.
Ravenswood Gardening Products and the Free or Less Gardening Club, we
want to do something special for the people on the East Coast. That's why
I’m coming before you tonight. To request of my friends in Palo Alto as well
as neighboring vicinities to work with me. I've contacted the local University
AME Zion Church as well as the St. Marks AME Church in East Palo Alto to
find out what we can do to send a special message of condolence to our
friends over there. I'm inviting the people of Palo Alto to assist me. If
you're interested, I can be contacted by way of my personal telephone
number at 471-3403, office number 461-4029.




                                                                          Page 34 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
