                          TRANSCRIPT
been uncertain as to whether or not it applies to existing projects or
proposed projects. If it applies to a project, sometimes there would be a
carryover to the next replacement project that would take place. What we
want to do here is say, "If you have an existing building and you have this
need, you get this exemption, but you only get it for a maximum of 500
square feet and it doesn't carry over to the next development." The next
one having to do with grandfathered facilities. This is one where the Council
has had a discussion about this and, as I understand it, had an
interpretation that may have differed from how Staff was interpreting this
section perhaps in relation to a project nearby. I think across the street
there was a conversation about floor area shifting. What we're trying to do
is memorialize that conversation into this Code section. This idea that if
you've got one of these grandfathered facilities, there's almost like this—we
call it a shrink wrap around the building. You can't move that shrink wrap.
That's what this memorializes. It also gives a little out for changes that
might need to take place for one of those types of buildings to facilitate
better architectural design or pedestrian orientation. We've heard a couple
of buildings in the area that would be limited by what they can do because of
this shrink wrap provision. Through the AR process maybe make it a better
pedestrian frontage, because it's very precise.            You can't change the
footprint of the building. You can't change the length of the building. That's
where you're constrained if you want to change the entrance to a structure.
To that point, actually I have some proposed changes to the ordinance
language. This is on packet page 281. We had written this as a building
volume, and we've modified that in the red, underlined section below. How
that reads is for the purposes of this section, building envelope shall mean
the three-dimensional shape and space occupied by an existing building.
That's what we're trying to get at in that provision. Almost done here.
Packet page 5 has to do with a series of CEQA-related changes. One is to
establish clearly in our Code that if there is an EIR that requires a statement
of overriding consideration, that that EIR needs to be reviewed and certified
if it is to be certified by the City Council. It also incorporates the State CEQA
guidelines. Our existing local guidelines are outdated. It also codifies an
existing practice that we have that appeals go to the ultimate decision-
making body which is the City Council. Group 6, Architectural Review Board
findings and other procedural changes. The Architectural Review Board
findings is one that we are somewhat passionate about because there's 15
findings that are needed to approve any project that goes—frankly, any
project, any Staff-level project or any project that goes to the Architectural
Review Board. I know that there's been some criticism in the past about the
quality of some of the Staff findings when it relates to in particular ARB-
related projects. What we're experiencing, frankly, is there's a lot of fatigue
in having to write so many findings about a project, and many of those
findings are repetitive. It increases our review time; it increases the writing
                                                                         Page 33 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
