                             MINUTES
Nielson Buchanan suggested the Council review its Priorities, which it would
identify later in the meeting, at midyear and determine if they were practical
in relation to Staff's capacity. He would be working with others to stimulate
solutions to known problems.

Chuck Jagoda recalled that the County of Santa Clara did not plan to replace
the homeless shelter at the armory in Sunnyvale; however, funds had been
allocated to replace the shelter. The Council carried the moral arc for the
City.

Richard Brand suggested the Council think regionally in terms of transit,
communication, and education. The City's transportation programs should
be integrated with programs of the Metropolitan Transportation Council
(MTC) and the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA).

Jennifer Landesmann appreciated the Council addressing airplane noise.
She looked forward to Council Members' leadership and engagement on this
topic.

Shani Kleinhaus read the definition of sustainability from the United States
Environmental Protection Agency.        Measurements of sustainability with
respect to nature relied on mitigations. Nature should be an integral part of
every project and not a mitigation. She requested the Council consider the
issue of bird-safe buildings and structures.

Mila Zelkha, InnVision Shelter Network, related InnVision's efforts to reduce
costs without reducing services. She was interested in sharing her ideas for
homeless programs with the Council.

Aram James hoped the Council would engage in discussions regarding Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park.        Members of Stop the Ban would need City
assistance to organize and implement a program similar to Santa Barbara's
overnight parking program. The City Council should discuss policies for
police officers' use of body cameras.

Mayor’s Welcome and Overview of Day

Mayor Holman reviewed the Agenda for the meeting.

Action Items

1.   2015 Work Plan.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that the Council Retreat historically
focused on setting Council Priorities for the year. Over the past few years,
the focus had evolved to developing a work plan around Priorities.
                                                                         Page 2 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/31/2015
