                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman:         I thought Council Member Scharff was very
eloquent.

Council Member Scharff: For the first time.

Council Member Berman: In three years.

Mayor Holman: I don't see other lights, but I can go with Section 22.
Section 23, the architectural review, I have numerous questions on that. I
find it to be problematic. That is the architectural review.

Council Member Wolbach: That's after this.

Mayor Holman: No, it's in this.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) bottom of page 31.

Mayor Holman: It's in this, architectural review findings. I have several
issues with that. There are some things that have been eliminated that I
think are critical to our context based design that we've used before. While
I think this definitely is in the right intention to try to eliminate some of the
duplications. For instance, Number 4 under findings, it's like in the areas
considered by the Board as having unified design character or historical
character, the design is compatible with said character. I didn't find any
way where that's picked up. I think given we have an Attachment E that
Staff also wants to get to, I would move that we continue architectural
review to the next available meeting.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman:      Vice Mayor Schmid, would you care to speak to your
second?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I found difficulty in breaking down the criteria that has
been used by the ARB into these five, six groupings. It seems to be a
substantive change or at least it would take some time to talk through to
make sure it's not a substantive change. I think it calls for further Council
discussion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I agree. I support the idea of reducing the number
of findings, but I found this to be a pretty substantial policy change. I just
didn't have enough time to absorb kind of all these things. I did notice
several things that I think are missing from the new findings. I think it
really warrants some discussion.
                                                                        Page 103 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
