                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Hang on just a second. Understanding that the existing
Goal B-2 already talks about diverse. This amendment talks about diverse.
Diverse businesses.

Council Member Filseth: I think I know what he wants. Can I try it?

Council Member Wolbach: Go for it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: If you said the existing goal says a diverse mix of
commercial, retail and professional services businesses. If you took the
words "commercial," "retail" and "professional service" and stuck that right
after "viable," so it said "combine to stimulate and support viable
commercial, retail and professional service business opportunities," would
that do it?

Mayor Holman: I'm good with that. Vice Mayor Schmid?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “commercial, retail, and
professional service” after “support viable.”

Mayor Holman: Looks like we are ready to vote.

Vice Mayor Schmid: No. I have a question.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, you have a question?           Thank you,
Council Member Filseth.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, just a question for Staff. Under Goal B-1, Policy
B-1 says use a variety of planning and regulatory tools including growth
limits. We had a discussion in the Land Use about L-8, but we never
reached any agreement on it. It was going to come back. What's the status
of L-8? When will we discuss that?

Mayor Holman: Can I suggest one thing? We vote on this Motion, and then
we come back with your question about L-8. That way we can conclude this
business section. Can we do that? Let's vote on this Motion. The Motion is
to adopt the current goals and organization for the Business & Economic
Element; modify Goal B-3 to adopt policies that moderate the pace of jobs
growth with priority to businesses that provided needed local services and
municipal revenues, contribute to economic vitality, enhance the City's
physical environment; request Staff provide the CAC comparative impacts of
                                                                      Page 83 of 86
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/9/15
