                             MINUTES
market-rate, one bedroom apartment to calculate the rent subsidy. The RIR
data was old, because it was originally approved in April 2014. Therefore,
she utilized the same internet sources to update the average rents for those
cities.

Council Member DuBois asked if those were listing prices or actual rent
prices

Sonya Welch, Attorney for Park Owner, advised that those were actual rent
prices. Zillow.com, rentjungle.com, and rentbits.com provided rental data
per city. She utilized multiple websites in order to obtain a comprehensive
average rental rate. The average rate was most likely inflated, because the
data that was easiest to track came from larger, luxury apartment
complexes.

Council Member DuBois asked why she did not include Menlo Park, Los Altos,
or Burlingame.

Ms. Welch utilized the same cities as in the RIR.

Ms. Nanda clarified that the City Attorney and Planning Staff directed her to
focus on specific cities.

Council Member DuBois asked how the cities were determined initially.

Ms. Nanda did not recall. She may have initially tracked Palo Alto data, and
then the City Attorney's Office requested surrounding cities.

Council Member DuBois was surprised by a $300 monthly difference between
one bedroom and two bedroom apartments.

Ms. Nanda noted an income qualification issue for residents. It was felt that
apartments in Sunnyvale and Redwood City were likely more affordable than
apartments in Menlo Park or Los Altos. There was a sense that these cities
surrounded Palo Alto, but were more affordable.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether residents could expect
infrastructure repairs and upgrades if the park was an ongoing concern. Mr.
Beccaria factored the condition of the park into the appraisal.

Mr. Beccaria was making the point that currently an older home could not be
replaced with a new home in Buena Vista, with the exception of park model
units, because of old infrastructure,

Council Member DuBois understood the sewer hookups and such were
substandard, and asked if that or amenities factored into the in-place values.
                                                                        Page 13 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
