                         TRANSCRIPT
lot of jobs, a lot of revenues for us in the City of Palo Alto.     That's all I
wanted to say. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I see no other—do we have one more card for
Oral Communications? I don't have your card to state your name, sir.

Roland LeBrun: My name is Roland LeBrun. I'm from San Jose. I just got
here on Caltrain. The reason I'm addressing you is not on the agenda.
There was a meeting at noon that basically introduced basically the future of
rail. The gentleman who was speaking there, I've never met him before. He
comes from, I think, Czechoslovakia. He's actually is the chief executive.
He runs a company called LEO Express. You can go and Google it right now;
you'll find it. His name is Leos (inaudible). I haven't quite caught his last
name yet. The bottom line is that gentleman is actually right now running
his own trains in four different countries in the Eastern Block. He's actually
just started in Ukraine, believe it or not. He's profitable, and he's got
investors right behind him. He's here right now. He's on his way, I think it's
tomorrow, on a meeting with Jim Hartnett. He's going to ask Jim and say,
"Jim, would it be okay if I came and ran my trains here in the Peninsula, and
I'm willing to pay you $3 million a year?" Anyway, I thought I'd share that
to you tonight. If you hear about this, which no doubt you will hear, you
may actually like to go and have a word with Jim. Tell Jim, "Why don't you
look at it? This may actually be a jolly good idea." By the way, his trains
run on time. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:       Thank you.    We have no other cards for Oral
Communications.    Stephanie Munoz also would like to speak under Oral
Communications.

Stephanie Munoz: Thank you. I know that your big thing this evening is
going to be how to cope with High Speed Rail. I don't want to interfere with
that, but I had a few last thoughts, last ditch efforts, of how it might be
possible not to have it inflicted on us. One of the thoughts was this. San
Francisco, as you may know, is at the head of the Peninsula. I was born in
San Francisco, and I lived there through high school, then I went to college
in Seattle. In order to get to Seattle from San Francisco, you have to get on
the ferry and go across to Oakland, because there is water in between and
you cannot run a railroad track. It seems to me that we might have some
allies in the matter of running that railroad around the east of the Bay up
through Oakland.      We might have some allies with the Senators and
Congressmen from the State of Washington and the State of Oregon. Patty
Murray is a very influential Senator.        These people are not without
resources. It just seems to be more useful to have that train go all the way
up the Pacific Coast and just end at San Francisco, especially since we

                                                                           Page 2 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
