                         TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: I really appreciate Council Member DuBois spending the day
out there. I really do appreciate it. It meant a lot to a lot of people.
Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: If no one has noticed, Tom has a big band aid on his
thumb because he said he's not used to manual labor. Beyond that though,
if anybody knows who won the float contest at Paly, I'd love to know that.
We never heard the end of it. The floats were absolutely terrific.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: On Saturday, I attended the No Fly Day event at
San Francisco airport, which was a rally by people in the Bay Area around
airplane noise, coordinated with similar events at several other cities around
the United States. I would estimate there were between 100 and 200
people there from all over the south Bay with elected officials from Portola
Valley and, I believe, Santa Cruz.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to say this past weekend in my
neighborhood on Saturday there was a boy, I think, probably about six years
old or so who was lost and wasn't able to find his way home, couldn't say
where he lived. A few neighbors came together, hung out with him, called
the Palo Alto Police Department. A couple of officers came out, and shortly
thereafter his dad found him. His dad was out on his bike and found him. I
just wanted to mention that the way the neighbors, some children and some
adults, helped out was great. Also, I wanted to give a shout-out to Officers
Marcus Barbour and also Officer Eric Figueroa who both, I think, did a great
job responding to what could have been a tough situation. They helped
make sure everybody was calm and comfortable. I think they handled the
situation very well.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. I'm sure City Manager Keene will relay
those comments.

Closed Session

Mayor Holman: With that, we have an Item 13 which is conference with City
Attorney, anticipated litigation, authority Government Code Section
54956.9(d)(2), subject charges for Stanford fire protection services. I need
a motion from Council Members to go into Closed Session or not.

                                                                        Page 79 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
