                          TRANSCRIPT
those bridges. As part of that work, they have gone in and removed several
feet of sediment that has built up under the freeway. That's going to do a
lot of good in increasing the flow capacity at that particular location. They
are just now completing the first phase of their work. They have completed
reconstructing the southbound lanes of Highway 101 over the creek. They'll
be pulling out all of the false work and equipment and dams that they've
built by the end of this month. In the next two weeks, they'll be totally out
of the creek. With that sediment removed, that will function quite well.
Here's a photo of the creek.         This is at East Bayshore Road looking
upstream. You can kind of see over on this side here, this is where the
sediment was, up to this line here. Now, they've brought it down; they took
out several feet. The other item that we do again as a team effort is that we
have an annual multiagency walk where we walk the full length of San
Francisquito Creek, all the way from Sand Hill Road to the freeway. We look
for downed trees and debris for removal, and then we assign that to
whoever is responsible for that particular reach. This year the walk was
done on August 19th, and all of the identified work was completed prior to
October 15th. That included trash removal as well as vegetation removal,
which was done under the constraints of environmental and regulatory
restrictions, which in this case means we were able to cut up downed trees
and branches and we were able to remove overgrowth of live, non-native
vegetation with hand tools. We're not able to use power tools. Those of you
who look in the creek and see there's a lot of vegetation left, there's really
two reasons for that. One is some of the native vegetation isn't able to be
removed without lots of permits and approvals. Secondly, that vegetation,
the part that's left there, really serves a function in that the roots of those
plants hold the bank together and actually have a positive effect on the
creek. They're small enough where they're not really a flood risk. During a
high flow, what's left in the creek tends to be of a finer nature that will just
kind of fall over and not cause a blockage. This year's efforts were a lot
more than in years past. Here's some examples of some of the stuff we've
found. This was unusual; we found some safes that were smashed and
opened.

Male: (inaudible).

Mr. Teresi: No, we didn't find any money, unfortunately. It was already
gone. This was a downed tree that fell across the creek, that was cut up.
This is an example of a non-native; this is an acacia tree that's a non-native,
invasive. This particular tree was taken out using hand tools. On this slide
you see all the spots along the creek where the various entities performed
maintenance along the creek prior to October 15th.              Next is levee
maintenance along San Francisquito. There were some small areas just
upstream of the Pope-Chaucer Bridge where the earthen berm had eroded.
                                                                        Page 26 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
