                          TRANSCRIPT
Doria Summa: Good evening Mayor and City Council. I want to thank you
for letting me speak tonight. Doria Summa, College Terrace. I know that a
lot of Staff time and work has gone into this project. I appreciate many of
the improvements that have already been made to the lobby, most
importantly the Council meeting room which has been greatly improved.
You should take a look at if this entire sign package is necessary. It seems
like there's a lot of redundancy and some unnecessary change. I also note
on Attachment B that there are six exceptions to our own Sign Code included
here, which seems odd if you're asking other applicants to adhere to the
Sign Code to have our own project not adhere to that. I'm just hoping that
you will look at it very carefully and eliminate anything that's not necessary
and reduce the cost. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: I did it again with Item Number 8. I don't like
taking things off Consent. In this case, I thought it was important to do so
to make a point with the item, which is the last stage of a pretty large
update and for quite a lot from the public about $4.3 million to update City
Hall. I take your point. It's an old building and needed some updating. I'd
like to have support from my fellow Council Members in signaling our desire
to spend the public's money extremely carefully. When we do projects, we
don't always have to do them at the highest quality level. Sometimes good
quality is good enough. The proposed signage is beautiful. The question is
do we need all of it. If we saved $125,000 a meeting, we could pay for a lot
of other projects that the community wants from us. I don't want to spend a
lot of time on this item. If it's all right, I'll go ahead and make a Motion,
which I emailed you, David, if you want to put it up. I would Motion that we
approve the contract, authorize the City Manager to execute the change
orders and to delete the following elements.            Specifically, I'd like to
eliminate the outdoor podium police sign, the outdoor podium City Hall sign,
which together were fairly expensive. Also eliminate renaming of the
parking levels from A, B and C to P1, P2, P3, which was about $100,000 of
the $350,000. All the rest of the signage, all the rest of the wayfinding
makes a lot of sense. We'd help people with the first floor, help them find
the police station. There was, I forget how many, 200 signs in the garage.
It was fairly pricy. With those changes, we direct for change orders to save
at least $125,000 on the wayfinding project.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, are you seconding?

Council Member Burt: I'm sorry. No, I haven't.

Mayor Holman: I'm looking for a second for Council Member DuBois' Motion.

Council Member Filseth: I'll second.

                                                                          Page 20 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
