                             MINUTES
Caltrain wanted to grow capacity and offer the type of quality service
customers desired. Caltrain also wanted to increase revenue by collecting
more fares from growing ridership and reduce costs by reducing dependence
on diesel. Caltrain would also reduce its footprint on the environment by
converting from diesel to electric trains. All improvements would need to be
compatible with an electrified infrastructure that would support HSR in the
future. Caltrain would electrify 51 miles of the Caltrain Corridor without
moving tracks or changing stations. Caltrain would install an overheard
contact system and traction power facilities to pull electricity from the
electric grid into the Corridor and run Electric Multiple Unit (EMU) trains.
Electrification would accommodate a speed bracket up to 70 miles per hour.
The current speed was 79 miles per hour. Speed would further increase with
the implementation of HSR. Caltrain planned a service increase from five to
six trains per direction per peak hour. Additionally, trains converted from
diesel to EMUs would have the capability to either make more stops at
stations throughout the Corridor or reduce travel time along the Corridor.
As part of the Project, Caltrain would restore weekday service to Atherton
and Broadway Stations. Caltrain would operate a combination of electric
vehicles and diesel vehicles until remaining diesels reached the end of their
service life. Caltrain completed the environmental review process with Joint
Powers Board (JPB) approval the prior week. Caltrain completed conceptual
design of the Electrification Project in 2002 and released a draft
Environmental Assessment/Environmental Impact Report (EA/EIR) in 2004.
The EA/EIR received a Finding of No Significant Impact (FONSI) from the
Federal Transportation Administration. State clearance was postponed due
to the unknowns of HSR. Next, Caltrain worked with stakeholders and
committed to prepare a new State environmental document. That effort
began in 2013 and the JPB certified the Final Environmental Impact Report
(FEIR) the prior week.

Rich Walters, Caltrain Electrification Modernization Project/ICF, indicated a
notice of preparation was released in late January 2013. Caltrain scheduled
45 days for comment and held four public meetings.                 The Draft
Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) was released in late February 2014.
Caltrain scheduled 60 days for comment, held four additional public
meetings, and circulated the DEIR widely. The FEIR was released on
December 4, 2014. The JPB's Resolutions adopted on January 8, 2015
certified the FEIR, adopted California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA)
findings and statement of overriding considerations, adopted a mitigation
monitoring reporting program, and adopted the Project. If the FEIR was
challenged legally, the JPB reserved the right to argue in court that the
Surface Transportation Board (STB) had identified that there was a
preemption of State environmental law for rail projects under STB
jurisdiction.

01/12/2015                                                            116- 296
