                          TRANSCRIPT
the City if we decided to go forward with one. A second round, let's see if
we can do three minutes on a second round. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to comment a little bit on the
previous discussion about the other 14 billion.        It sounds like there's
something there, but it's sort of not clear how much of it is in which buckets
and how much is committed to which things already and so forth. For us to
sort of assume that maybe there's another $14 billion out here that we could
get some of is probably a risky assumption. To Council Member Scharff's
sort of posing the question of how could we support a countywide measure,
what would put us in a position to be able to do that, just throwing out ideas
here. It seems like a couple offhand that are worth considering. One is sort
of the allusion to maybe a significantly increased commitment to Caltrain,
which would allow us to fund some of this stuff that needs to get done. I
agree with some of the people that said we really need to be taking a long-
term view here. We need to be taking a 50 or 100-year view of what this is
going to look like as opposed to let's try to do a couple of tactical projects
for the least amount of money we can possibly do and then regret it 30 or
40 years from. One would be a significantly increased commitment to
Caltrain which essentially says the County is going to lead this effort.
Alternatively, if there were a robust return to source provision of some kind,
potentially our City and some other cities, we could lead it up here in
conjunction with other cities around here. Either of those might conceivably
work.

Council Member Wolbach: A few thoughts. First, I really want to commend
Mayor Holman and Staff for working together to bring together the majority
of the cities in the county to write that letter. I want to make sure that's not
lost. That represents well over half of the cities in the county, and that it
was treated kind of dismissively is very disappointing. I think it's very
important that we not allow ourselves to be divided and conquered which
can be done by appealing to either our—dividing and conquering can be
done geographically and also temporally by appealing to our provincial and
our short-term needs. Actually I think I'm going to agree with one of the
things Council Member Filseth said, but disagree with the other. I actually
don't support the return to sender. If it's all just coming back to us, let's
just do a 1/4-cent sales tax for the County and then just let each city do its
own 1/4-cent sales tax on top of that. I do think, though, that we should
focus on things that are very long term, absolutely agree with that. We
should focus on things that are going to have the biggest bang for the buck.
That's why the four priorities that we laid out several weeks back are all big
picture impacts. I do think it's important that we not allow ourselves to be
divided and conquered and we do focus on big impact, shared vision stuff.
There's something that's probably going to raise some eyebrows from my
                                                                          Page 53 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
