                         TRANSCRIPT

the partnership with Google will offer a fairly good connection across town to
the 101 bicycle and pedestrian overcrossing via Fabian.

Council Member Dubois: I guess it's not shown on this map, but it seems
like in terms of removing a lane of traffic on San Antonio versus getting
people over on Montrose to Fabian or—was it Meadow? I guess the bridge is
kind of—it's Meadow and Loma Verde, I guess, is where the bridge is in
between. There's going to be some jog over to that bridge.

Mr. Mello: The current concept plan for San Antonio does not involve
removing any travel lanes. It's just narrowing the lanes and modifying the
on-street parking. In regards to Paly students using the bridge instead of
the crosswalk across Embarcadero, we just kicked off the Embarcadero
Phase 2 project a couple of weeks ago. We'll be meeting with you, coming
out to the community to kind of propose some different options and different
treatments. Relocating and/or removing crosswalks is certainly something
that could be considered through that design process. In regard to NACTO
being relevant in suburban areas, by adopting the NACTO Urban Bikeway
Design Guide and the Urban Street Design Guide, we are not locking
ourselves into using any of those design criteria. It's merely just another
tool in our toolbox that we'll be able to pull from when appropriate. There
are some instances where we may want to look to NACTO for guidance, but
there are other instances where we may stick with the standard Caltrans
Highway Design Manual and/or AASHTO standards which are what a lot of
folks are using now.

Council Member DuBois: Just a quick follow up. If it says it's required in
NACTO, that doesn't mean ...

Mr. Mello:  That means if you're using that treatment, they strongly
recommend that you include those elements in that treatment.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. Thank you for your hard work on this.
It's nice to see it starting to take shape. A couple of things. First of all,
when you take Churchill across Alma, if you want to go towards Town and
Country or Downtown or the Caltrain station, that currently doesn't work.
You can't really get on that path without going through the railroad tracks or
going around and then jumping the curb or going all the way down and then

                                                                        Page 16 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
