                         TRANSCRIPT
the cleanup process, we should be in compliance with State law. If we want
to rewrite how we do our processes and procedures to have some other
body other than the Director make the entitlement decision and, therefore,
make the CEQA decision, or if we want to have Council make all entitlement
decisions, that's a discussion I'm willing to have. Probably not think that's
the right idea. Therefore, I think the original Motion is the right Motion, and
we should move forward with it. To defer this gains us nothing except not
being in compliance with State law, which I think is the wrong way to go.

Mayor Holman: The substitute Motion is 010, 020 and 030, to the City
Clerk. My understanding is we're not out of compliance with State law;
we're just not in alignment with State law. We're not ...

Council Member Scharff: That is the same thing. We are out of compliance
with State law.

Mayor Holman: No, it's ..

Council Member Scharff: There's no such thing as not being in alignment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, let me finish please. It's not the
same thing from my perspective, because we could have—for instance, we
can have more stringent or more restrictive standards for how we make
CEQA determinations. That doesn't make us out of compliance. It just
means we're not aligned, but we have the full authority to do that. It's not
the same thing. Cara, would you care to speak to that? It's not that we're
not in compliance; we're just not aligned.

Ms. Silver: I did phrase it as we're not in alignment. Staff has been trying
work-arounds to get us into compliance. What the work-around has been is
that in situations where we have had EIRs, the Planning Director has not
made that decision even though the local Zoning Code does require the
Planning Director to make the decision on the entitlements. Instead, we've
been bumping everything up to the City Council. That puts everyone in an
awkward position because our local Code then is not consistent with the
practice. Certainly we do need to clean this issue up.

Council Member DuBois: Mayor?

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I thought you had clarified your Motion to only the
010, and then you just added two more sections to it. I thought the Motion
was that we were going to have further discussion about 010.


                                                                       Page 100 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
