                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Minor: I mean the Ordinance was. This one that's at-places tonight, it
was uploaded to the website on Friday and sent out to Council in email.

Mayor Holman: City Attorney can speak to the adequacy of that in terms of
availability.

Ms. Stump: There's no legal procedural problem with that. If the Council
believes that sufficient notice was not provided to the public by not having
the Ordinance available, then you certainly can put the item over so that
there's additional time to review that document. I would like to take this
opportunity to encourage members of the public, if they spot that kind of
problem, to please contact the Clerk right away. The Ordinance was
prepared and the Staff work had been done to attach it properly to the item.
Due to a technical problem with the software, that in fact did not occur. We
have several backup systems which also failed to catch the error. As soon
as people find that that is the case, if they contact the Clerk, we can take
action right away to correct the problem. We do apologize for that. That
was an error; it was software related. If the Council believes that additional
time is needed with the Ordinance, you're certainly welcome to give the
public that opportunity before you move forward.

Council Member DuBois: I wanted to follow up on the CEQA question real
quick.

Mayor Holman: Okay, sure.

Council Member DuBois: I understand what you're saying that individual
projects would go under review. In this case, it refers specifically to this
minor alterations in land use which specifically says will not result in changes
in land use or density. We're talking about a PC District which definitely
usually does result in a change in land use or density. I'm really having a
hard time seeing why this doesn't apply.

Ms. Silver: Thank you. That's a good point. The CEQA action that is before
you, the governmental action before you, is not the actual changing of
density of a particular project. It's just implementing regulations that would
later possibly impact that change in density. Once the change in density is
invoked by a particular project, the Council would have to do additional
CEQA review.

Council Member DuBois: It doesn't talk about actual changes. It talks about
minor alterations in land use limitations, which in English seems to refer to
zoning, not construction to me.


                                                                          Page 58 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
