                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss:     I would second that and urge us to finish this
tonight.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue Agenda Item Number 9- Discussion and Direction to Staff
Regarding Establishment of an Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit Applicable to
Downtown, the California Avenue Area, and the El Camino Corridor on an
Interim Basis to a date certain.

James Keene, City Manager: Just a reminder. I might restate the Council's
policy which is that your procedures say you'll make every effort to end your
meetings before 11:00 P.M. The Council generally does not take up new
matters after 10:30 P.M. Before 10:00 P.M., the Council will decide and
announce whether it will begin consideration of any agenda items after
10:30. We're already a little bit late in that regard. Item Number 9 on your
agenda is programmed for roughly an hour and 45 minutes.

Council Member Burt: Regretfully I have prior plans and will be out of the
country on June 22nd and 29th. That's a very important item for the
Council. I have been very committed to that item. I'd find it regretful if we
had to have it on one of those dates. I don't know what the alternatives
are.

Council Member Scharff: Council Member Burt, I actually made it to a date
uncertain, my motion. I then assumed the Mayor could work that out. For
instance if we choose a special Council meeting or something and I couldn't
make it, I would hate not to be in attendance either. I made it to a date
uncertain, because I wanted to make sure the Mayor and the City Manager
could work out that date. I'm glad you mentioned that.

Mayor Holman: The issue here, Council Members, is that June 29th is our
last meeting until August 17, which is quite a long delay. We would do our
best for the 22nd or 29th. On the 22nd, we have eight Council Members.
On the 29th, we have seven Council Members. We would hopefully try for
the 22nd for one of these items. The other possibility is to continue this
item to the 22nd or the 29th. I put that also before the Council.

Council Member DuBois: Could we just clarify? Does that item require eight
votes? Item 9.

Mayor Holman: No, it does not.

Council Member DuBois: Just to remind you, I'll be recusing myself from
that item, so you'll be down to seven.

                                                                      Page 66 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
