                           TRANSCRIPT
definition of retail after a given use went in, and now they want to go from
that presently unpermitted use to, say, office, it sounds like they would be
allowed to do that. I'm not sure whether that should be the case. I'm not
sure whether we have these circumstances or not.                   I thought this
neighborhood business service was formerly in conjunction with our broader
definition of retail, but I'm not certain of that. I'll just put that out there for
consideration. I did want to address the issue that Council Member Wolbach
was talking about, would we be able to permit—no, but I don't think the Vice
Mayor asked a single question. I want to be able to make a comment here.
On whether a commercial recreation like a dance or other recreation, he was
concerned whether we could allow that and deny tutoring. Under the
current definitions, my understanding is that it's the other way around. We
have, for whatever reason, come up with interpretations of these personal
services that allows the tutoring and the SAT shops as being retail but would
not allow, outside of a Conditional Use Permit, things like dance and those
kinds of recreation activities. It's inverted from what we probably would like
to see. That goes to the final concern and question. I heard Staff make
comments to this effect.         Are there challenges to Staff in trying to
understand the intent of our Ordinance and definitions of retail under the
current Ordinance?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. As a newcomer looking at
this Code, I think the Code definitions are fairly clearly. It's difficult to
understand all of the decisions that have been made in the past about uses
and how they fall into these definitions. Also, uses themselves have evolved
as some of the Council Members have indicated. There's some uses that are
new to us, or there are new takes on them that just weren't around when
some of these definitions were granted. For example, we talked about the
fact that a small educational use might be permitted as personal services.
That's a Code interpretation. If you look at the Code, it looks like it's a,
what's the terminology? Personal services of a personal convenience nature,
but there is a definition for a trade school that a larger training program
would fall under. Personally, I can't tell you how these interpretations have
been made over the years, but they have. There is a precedent for a small
training program to be defined as part of personal services.

Mayor Holman: I have a couple or three questions. I was just scanning
through the definition again of retail and retail services and personal
services and such. I didn't find animal care, which I thought was what you
had mentioned. I didn't find it, but I did find household pets and supplies.
Am I just overlooking animal care?

Ms. Gitelman: Animal care is a separate use, so it's not included on this list
currently. Whereas, pet supplies are retail.
                                                                             Page 31 of 92
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/11/15
