                          TRASNCRIPT
On winter storm prep, again specifically related to San Francisquito Creek,
we started ongoing work. As the Council may have noticed, there is some
minor work that's been happening at the Pope-Chaucer Bridge at San
Francisquito Creek in order to fill a relatively small low spot in a berm. As
this work proceeds, we're coordinating with the City of Menlo Park, the Joint
Powers Authority and City of East Palo Alto in order to cover maintenance
work in preparation for the upcoming winter season. As Council knows, it
has been forecast as an El Nino year. There are dead or fallen trees which
will be removed as a majority of ongoing work as well as Staff having tagged
several invasive species in the channel. At this point, agencies have begun
divvying up the work that would occur in the creek during the month of
September. We're updating our community outreach information, and we'll
be providing additional proactive outreach to property owners along the
creek as well as through our website and mailers and utility bill inserts.
There will be quite a bit of additional communication in the upcoming weeks.
Again the City's website is being updated with a particular page dedicated to
allowing residents or anyone to subscribe to receiving updates. As additional
information is available, we'll be posting and I'll be able to provide notices to
people electronically. The Joint Powers Authority is also developing a new
early flood watch website that will be debuting soon and functional in the
upcoming season. We'll provide additional information to the Council, in
particular in a upcoming Study Session in October to provide more details.
On the Downtown Residential Permit Parking Program, I know the Council
has received some communication from community members. Online permit
sales are ongoing, began two weeks ago. So far, more than 2,000 accounts
have been created, which is pretty phenomenal. As expected, there have
been some minor technical issues with the website. Overall, our contractor
has been quick and flexible in responding to these issues. Some instances,
application processing has taken longer than expected and typically occurs
within three to four business days. Also during periods of high call volume,
there has been instances with the voice mail system overrun during short
periods. Once again, consultant team is responding to the messages.
Where preferable, email is also an option through the City's registration
website. To cover a couple of frequently asked questions. One on the topic
of the number of vehicles allowed for individual residents. Staff has received
some inquiries from residents with numerous vehicles or with more than a
couple of vehicles, including those parked on-street.           Households may
request up to four permits free of charge and purchase two transferable
guest passes, for a total of six permits per household. Households with
more than six cars will need to make other arrangements for extra vehicles
parked during the day. Also, as a reminder to the community related to the
Business Registry, businesses must be registered in the City's Business
Registry in order to be eligible for permits for employees. Residents will
need to show proof of residency in order to be eligible for the free residential
                                                                         Page 39 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
