                          TRANSCRIPT

Joe Hirsch: Mayor Holman and Council Members. First, my apologies. I had
not planned to speak tonight. I'm not very well scripted or versed in the
topics that have been discussed tonight, but I felt compelled to make at
least one statement. We definitely need transportation improvement. I was
at Syntex in the 1980s when we talked about transportation, the demand
management programs. They didn't work. They were tried for a while, and
they simply didn't work. We have an overabundance of cars for one simple
reason: they are the most flexible form of transportation we have. They
are there when you want your car. It will take you where you want to go,
and it will bring you back in the right amount of time. I noticed when I
walked in tonight that those spaces that are reserved for Council Members
downstairs in the garage somehow happened to be filled. You probably all
drove here. The real problem with transportation that you may be talking
about is maybe you can improve it in a north-south direction. You simply
cannot improve it in an east-west direction. There is no effective coupling of
transportation when people might get off the train in some places or more
likely these single bus lanes on El Camino, which I believe is a pipedream. It
will just force cars off El Camino onto other streets and make them more
congested. We love our cars. We have them. We use them. I think we
need to be very careful about the concept of bus-only lanes on El Camino.
I've talked with a lot of people; they're not just my generation, they're
younger. They can't envision losing two lanes on El Camino. They have no
idea how they will drive around that, because they simply will not be getting
out of their cars because there is no effective transportation throughout the
area from where they live to El Camino and then from El Camino to where
they want to go. Thank you.

Elaine Uang: Good evening, welcome back everybody. I wasn't actually
planning to speak tonight either, but I did want to highlight a couple of
things with respect to this package and this wish list that I think that might
have some implications for the TMA, the Transportation Management
Association, that we have kicked off. It was interesting to note that when
they released the commute survey into the Downtown area that I think it
was something like 33 percent of the folks who are commuting into Palo
Alto, the Downtown area that is, are coming from the South Bay. Of those
33 percent, I think that segment had one of the highest SOV rates coming
in, something like 75 percent. Whereas, San Francisco might only have 11
percent of the people coming on, but I think something like 45 percent of
those folks were taking the train. I think highlighting the fact that this lack
of network and regional connectivity in Santa Clara County and the South
Bay area has some serious implications for the ask in the package for VTA's
Call for Projects. I think some other speakers have already highlighted this,
                                                                        Page 67 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
