                          TRANSCRIPT
mentioning that they would be willing to help fund a study when it needs to
be done. I'm going to presume that's a gentlemen's agreement and it's on
record now. You have said yes to it. As Hillary said, she's agnostic about it.
I was initially, but I was persuaded by Herb's letter. It was good and it was
well put. I understand the frustration of not having this in a plan as yet.
With the Comp Plan up and running and a new committee just about ready
to get started, we need to honor that and that process, go forward with it
and then fold this in when the time comes. As I hear you talk tonight,
Mr. Steele, you're indicating there's at least four years before anything can
happen under your current leases. There's a good amount of time before
this is going to need that final specific plan.

Council Member DuBois: Conceptually what you guys are saying makes
sense, but I'm worried practically. If we don't start moving the planning
process forward now, I'm afraid we're going to hit 2020. SOFA took about
four years. If we get the money in January 2016, we're probably going to
be done about 2020. That's a real concern. Council Member Burt asked the
question, what are we obligated to do. If we go forward with this, can we
sign a consulting agreement this year that would start late in 2016? We
secure the funds, but don't start spending them right away so that we could
get moving on our Comp Plan and sequence this. I'm worried that if we say
we're not going to do it now, it's going to take a year to come back to us
and we're going to run out of time.

Council Member Burt: In general I agree with not commencing on this right
away, but I want to throw in a few things. When we do come back to this,
we want to reexamine the geographic area that would be covered by this
coordinated area plan. There are quite a few parallels with the SOFA plan.
We had a SOFA I and II. I misspoke to Council Member DuBois earlier; it
was four years for SOFA I and II combined. SOFA I, which was the greater
PAMF area, was two to three years, something like that. It still took too
long. I think of this as akin to SOFA I. It's a lot more rational to look at not
just the Fry's site per se, but that section that is perhaps bordered by the
tracks and El Camino, Page Mill and Lambert. Whereas previously Staff
broke up Park as the third California Avenue section, I'm thinking of the
California Avenue concept plan more as two, one north of Page Mill and one
south of Page Mill. There's a lot more in common to the south of Page Mill
properties. They're not identical. We have a R-1 residential, a couple of
blocks in there. We have what's along Page Mill. We have Park. Part of the
opportunity and the need is to look at how those different components to
that neighborhood work with one another. How should they work with
another? If we look at the Fry's site, that 15 acres, in isolation, we're not
going to work at integrating those things which is the great opportunity. I
assume that if we do this just like it was with the SOFA plan, the focus of
                                                                          Page 76 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
