                          TRANSCRIPT
if Council would like to get into it in your discussion. For now, let me just
point out a few of the key points on here. On this table, showing the
implications of a trench, where the rail tracks would be trenched below
grade. A key consideration shown on the first line of trench grade is the
maximum slope at which the rail would be accommodated, ultimately a
design criteria for the rail system itself. That maximum ranging from a 1
percent maximum grade to a 2 percent. You can see the cost implication in
particular of needing to hold to a maximum 1 percent grade being an over
$1 billion estimated cost for the trench through Palo Alto at the three
crossings. If the alternative, a 2 percent maximum grade, were to be
allowed as a part of the design of the trench grade separation, that price
would be potentially reduced significantly to about 488 million. Next slide.
Another alternative that's been looked at is to lower or depress Alma Street.
This table shows a scenario in which the street itself is lowered but the turns
are not accommodated, so the right-of-way property acquisition would be
reduced by not needing to acquire areas for left and right turns. This would
result in estimated costs, as you see, on the three crossings from Churchill
to Charleston ranging from $90 to over $100 million each for a total just
under $300 million. Also notable that property acquisitions, both full and
partial, would total nearly 60 properties. Next slide. This Table 3 indicates a
scenario in which Alma is lowered, depressed, but where turn movements
are accommodated.          Associated additional property acquisitions are
necessary. In that case, the total cost for the three crossings approaching
$500 million with significantly more properties impacted, totaling about 75
properties in full and partial property acquisition. That covers the specifics
of the grade separation concepts. Let me turn it over to Josh Mello to talk a
bit about some of the funding options.

Joshua Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Thank you. Joshua Mello, Chief
Transportation Official. There are some preexisting programs both at the
State level and the Federal level that will help fund a portion of both the
design work and the construction of grade separations or the improvement
of existing at-grade crossings. The first of which we wanted to call your
attention to is Section 190. Section 190 is a funding allocation that provides
money to local agencies to separate existing at-grade crossings. Every two
years there's a call for nominations from the California Public Utilities
Commission. That call actually just happened in September, so there's an
open call on the street right now for nominations to this program. It does
require a 10 percent local match, and this funding is strictly for construction,
not for design work. Just a point of interest is San Mateo County actually
has dedicated 15 percent of its county sales tax revenue to planning and
designing grade separations in order to access this pot of funding. A project
is eligible for an allocation up to 15 million over a three-year period; that's 5
million a year per grade separation. If you combine grade separations, you
                                                                            Page 6 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
