                         TRANSCRIPT
actually see out in the audience our soon to be new Chief People Officer in
Human Resources here tonight. We certainly gave her this same pitch too
when she was interviewing. I'll introduce her later. A number of years ago,
I counted all the Staff we had who work on all the initiatives and the
Priorities of the Council and the deeper complaints you get and the
responses that you want on things. I added them up, and we have 66 full-
time people in our organization who worked on those things. I think we
have a few more now. It's still Route 66 plus. Everything has to go through
a small bunch of people. I know you know this, but I'm here to tell you that
our folks give it all. They give way more than folks are aware. It's not on a
one-time thing; it's sort of day after day. We've got lots of folks from our
leadership team. It goes beyond that. I'll share two examples of two
employees of ours. I actually don't know these folks personally. One, for
example, is named Yung Tron [phonetic]. Yung is a longtime Project
Engineer in Public Works, is a quiet, unassuming guy. His supervisors call
him a crack project manager who's completed a lot of projects over the
years, most recently the Rinconada Library. His boss found him one day up
in the attic of the new library under construction where he was installing
cabling and wireless routers. Turns out he thought the contractor's quote
for the change order to do the work was too high and decided he'd do it
himself. Edit Boghozian, a Senior Librarian, who has worked for the City
since 2008 and is responsible for organizing information about library
collections in the online system so customers can search and have access
online. According to her supervisor, Edit always takes an extra step to
ensure she's on top of everything. She's done extensive research on the
best way to convert all of the print materials into digital formats and has
now developed a resource that is available 24 hours a day to the world. As
a result of her work, customers can now access Palo Alto historical
newspapers, creative work done by local veterans and important City
documents. You see the picture of one of our Public Works crews out there
planting a new street tree. You can sort of see it's really adjacent or near
someone's yard. Not only do they have to do the work, but the engagement
that it takes to just plant a tree in Palo Alto with the neighbors and folks.
You recognized earlier some of our firefighter crews who were out there
battling some of the big western wildfires. I could pull out hundreds of
examples from individual people all over our organization who do this sort of
work every day. I'm just here to tell you that it's an honor for me as City
Manager to work with folks who care so much about this community and
being responsive and doing their best. In the realm of civics, lots of
different ways of thinking about that. Our whole Our Palo Alto initiative was
also about engagement. Some of the apps that we've developed like Palo
Alto 311 are ways to not only problem solve but get people better connected
to taking care of and being responsible for their City. For the Love of Palo
Alto was an effort to reinforce the emotional connection that everybody
                                                                        Page 9 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
