                             MINUTES
increasing development costs and imposing fees. The Council had discussed
other zoning changes or modifications to existing regulations that could
affect the amount or pace of development. The question was whether the
City needed to change its development standards or moderate the pace of
new development while the Comprehensive Plan was being updated and, if
so, how. Possible remedies discussed on February 9 included requiring a
Conditional Use Permit for new Office/R&D and imposing conditions on
development; instituting a district-specific moratorium; suspending the use
of exceptions; and instituting temporary reductions in allowable densities.
An issue with short-term strategies was their effect on projects in the
pipeline. Staff believed the Congestion Management Plan (CMP) data set
was more useful because it utilized Citywide data and segregated uses.
Using that data set of December 2014, the pipeline contained 16 projects
totaling approximately 185,000 square feet. Of those 16 projects, five
contained less than 5,000 square feet, and none contained more than
30,000 square feet.

Mayor Holman noted Council Members asked questions at the prior meeting.
She requested Council Member Kniss, who was absent on February 9, submit
her questions.

Council Member Kniss asked if Staff included the Stanford areas in the nine
planning areas.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Stanford Research Park and Stanford University
Medical Center were included.

Council Member Kniss asked if they were separate.

Ms. Gitelman could not recall. The data set of nine planning areas was not
Citywide.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the number of pipeline projects located
in the Downtown area.

Ms. Gitelman could return with details of the pipeline projects. The at-places
memorandum included a breakdown of Office/R&D square footage by several
districts. It was an overview of data presented in the Staff Report broken
down by district.

Council Member Kniss asked if the total number was spread out over nine
planning areas.




03/02/2015                                                              117- 36
