                             MINUTES
Ms. French explained that an ARB preliminary review was similar to the
Council's prescreening process. A formal application for ARB action was an
actionable application. The Compadre's Project had submitted an actionable,
formal application; however, the application had not been presented to the
ARB. The ARB had not approved it.

Council Member Burt asked if there were three categories of projects:
projects that had received some ARB screening; projects that had not
received any ARB screening; and projects that had received a
recommendation for preliminary approval.

Ms. Gitelman did not quantify or prepare a list of projects that had received
preliminary architectural review, because that did not result in an
entitlement.

Council Member Burt wanted to know if there were three categories, and
which projects were in those categories. He asked if the three pipeline
projects cited by Staff had received ARB approval.

Ms. Gitelman answered no.          The three cited projects had pending
applications for a planning entitlement. They either had been presented to
or were destined for the ARB formal review process.

Council Member Burt asked if there were other projects in the pipeline that
had not moved that far in the process.

Ms. Gitelman answered possibly. Staff did not present a list of preliminary
ARB applications.

Council Member Burt questioned whether those other projects should be
exempt from the ordinance.

Council Member Scharff stated they should not be exempt.

Ms. Gitelman advised that under the Motion those projects would not be
exempt.

Council Member Burt agreed.

Council Member Scharff understood the Motion captured only the three
pipeline projects.

Council Member Burt wanted to ensure the language reflected the Council's
intentions.   Number 2 of the Motion stated projects for which no
discretionary application had been submitted. He asked if that language
covered the three projects or potentially other projects.

04/06/2015                                                            117- 188
