                          TRANSCRIPT
excess of the regular services provided by the collector. You look down
below and it mentions again dispose of solid waste or construction,
demolition waste. How I read that is it seems to me that if you wanted to
hire someone to come onsite and deconstruct a house, how would they go
about doing that? This seems to run counter to that notion, frankly. If Staff
wants to comment on that, that's fine. I think there was one more place
where this came to mind. No, it was something else. It just seems to me
that our 12-year-old C&D ordinance is once again being ignored.

Mr. Bobel: Why don't you let us come back to you on the C&D ordinance
with recommendations? To be honest, that wasn't the focus of what we
were up to. We're happy to come back, coordinate with the folks in the
Development Center and the Planning Department, and come back to you.
Maybe you want us to go to Policy and Services first to discuss the C&D
ordinance and making changes there. The specific thing I'd say with what
you have pointed out here is this is modified by the provision that says that
it's okay for a separate hauler to come in if it's a source-separated material.
In other words, if they're recovering copper from the building or wood from
the building or some other single item that they're going to recycle, then
they are allowed to bring in somebody other than GreenWaste. That sort of
modifies this provision. Our ordinance probably is sort of overly complicated
in that you have to look multiple places to get the complete answer on
something. I would suggest we come back to you on the C&D question. We
really weren't prepared tonight to make modifications or suggest ideas for
the C&D ordinance.

Mr. Arp: Can I say something?

Mr. Bobel: Sure.

Mayor Holman: Just lastly to finish that up. I think it's what we talk about
in a lot of our work, that we need to integrate them. This ordinance deals
with refuse, whatever kind it is. If we just relegate salvage to the C&D
ordinance, it isn't integrated into this.

Mr. Bobel: I understand. If you'll allow us, we'll come back to you not just
with an eye on the C&D ordinance—I didn't mean to suggest that—but with
an eye on this ordinance as well and see what should we do in addition to
what we've done in this whole area that you're interested in.

Mr. Arp: I was just going to mention if you go down to Section 110,
exclusions, it may not meet exactly what you're asking, but there's several
exclusions that may meet kind of what you're looking for. The commercial
business owners shall retain the right to donate or sell, it goes into quite a
bit about source-separated, single recyclable materials.           Those are
                                                                        Page 28 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
