                          TRANSCRIPT
how much we actually say that before has been condensed into sense
minutes. It's quite different. I would recommend what Tom did. Read this
whole thing, and decide if you still think we want verbatim minutes.

Mayor Holman:      With that, we will be continuing this discussion next
Monday, as all of these Motions are tentative. They'll all be returning to the
Council next Monday as we continue this discussion.

7.      Review of a Draft Scope of Work for the Fry's Master Plan and
        Adoption of a Resolution Regarding the Use of Regional Transportation
        Funding.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Kniss: I'm sure many of you may also have thought of
going, but I did go to our representatives event that was held last Friday
night out at Moffett Field, where Anna Eshoo announced her selections for
the Air Force Academy, for Annapolis and for the Naval Academy, for West
Point, I'm sorry. I'm just distracted a bit. Included in the group, which was
fascinating, were four women of eleven. It was so interesting to see it. The
women were not unusual in size at all. They've all been selected. It's
probably the thrill of a lifetime, to get into one of the military colleges. It
was a pleasure to be there.

Council Member Scharff:      I did want to point out to everyone about
Congressman Anna Eshoo and Rich Gordon's public meeting on the Santa
Clara County sea level rise challenges and opportunities. I would encourage
everyone to go on Friday, June 19th, from 1:45 to 5:30 P.M. I'll be
moderating one of the panels, which should be fun.

Mayor Holman: There was a meeting last Friday in Mayor Sam Liccardo's
office with Governor Brown, talking about the drought. There's nothing
significant to report from that meeting, except following onto Council
Member Kniss' comment. Of the 14 people at the table with Governor
Brown, only three were women. Just an observation. The other thing that I
wanted to mention is the reason I was late this evening is because I was at
an event at SurveyMonkey, promoting an open house, if you will, for an
enterprise called New Company or NewCo. If you Google NewCo and then
go to schedule and buy tickets or get tickets, it will tell you not only about
the company, but how many of these events are happening in Palo Alto and
Silicon Valley. About 40-50 percent of all the events in Silicon Valley are
                                                                         Page 80 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
