                          TRANSCRIPT
with his crack research team to find some documentation that would support
the importance of this fact itself. I'll turn it over to Mike, but it might have
everything jump into sharp focus for everybody about why infrastructure is
so important.

Mr. Sartor: Yes. This clip also demonstrates what we do and how we do it.
Larry, if you would, go ahead and show the clip. [video presentation]
Thank you for your patience on this, but we did want to have a little fun with
this. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry to walk through our APWA
accreditation.

Larry Perlin, Accreditation Manager: Thanks, Mike. Members of the Council,
Mayor. There are numerous national and international organizations that
sponsor accreditation of public service agencies.           Examples include
organizations that accredit activities such as airports and libraries, public
safety, both law enforcement and fire protection, planning, building codes,
administration, parks and recreation and public works. The American Public
Works Association, which accredits public works agencies, launched its
accreditation program back in 1996. Since then, fewer than 100 public
works agencies out of more than 15,000 in North America have achieved
this level of recognition.     This demonstrates both the rigor and the
commitment that is necessary to become accredited. In the Bay Area, there
are five public works agencies that have been granted accreditation by
APWA. These include Alameda and Contra Costa Counties, the Cities of San
Francisco, Oakland and Berkeley. Additionally there are three cities that
have applied for and are seeking accreditation. These are the Cities of
Vallejo, Alameda and Palo Alto. Palo Alto is the furthest along in the process
and is on track to become the 101st accredited agency in North America later
this summer and the first in Silicon Valley.            Why are we seeking
accreditation? Every agency has its own reasons. For Palo Alto, I believe
there's four that best explain why we've undertaken this effort. The first is
that it promotes a culture of excellence in everything that we do. Second is
that it allows us to evaluate our service delivery methods against nationally
recognized standards and best practices. Third is that it demonstrates a
commitment to continuous improvement over time. Becoming accredited is
not a one-time accomplishment. To remain accredited requires an ongoing
discipline and effort to adhere to the accreditation standards, something that
APWA will periodically verify with us. Lastly, the accreditation process
affords us an outstanding opportunity to capture and retain institutional
knowledge that can so easily be lost as employees transition out of the
organization. We like to think that the work we're doing now will be
available to our successors in the years ahead. How does this work? The
accreditation process involves five phases, the first three of which are
primarily the responsibility of the City. The last two are primarily the
                                                                           Page 7 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
