                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Excuse me. Council Members. Council Members, we have
moved on down to approval of the Concept Plan Line for the Charleston-
Arastradero Corridor Project. Staff is ready for their presentation. Please.
This is Item Number 9.

Council Member Burt: Should we let the public know they can speak
immediately after the presentation?

Mayor Holman: Typical to our process, as soon as the Staff presentation is
over, the public can speak. We do at this point in time have 21 cards. You
might think about combining your comments with someone else's to be
efficient here, so we can get through this item. Also, we have a comment to
make by Council Member DuBois in terms of conflicts.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. Are we on Arastradero?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: This is the Charleston-Arastradero.

Mayor Holman: Yes. I'm sorry, Charleston-Arastradero. I'm sorry.

Ms. Stump: Mayor Holman, just directing your attention. Council usually
does a check-in before the 10:00 hour. Given that there are two substantial
items left on the agenda, maybe Council wants to take a look at that. If the
Council will not be getting to the recycled water, perhaps those Staff who
are waiting could hear that now.

Mayor Holman: You are right. It is 9:15. I know there's a timeliness to this
item, meaning Number 7, the proposed recycling water distribution project.
If Staff could get some indication of if we continued this. Council Members,
we do have 21 cards from the public. We have a presentation to be made
by Staff on Item 9. Then we do have an Item 7. There is a timeliness to
that item. We could continue it, but also our forthcoming agendas are quite
full as well. If I could just get some kind of indication of the number of
Council Members who have questions on Number 9.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Yes, the Charleston.

Male: I don't have any questions.


                                                                        Page 78 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
