                    ACTION MINUTES
additional Staff training, and identifying vulnerable populations, as well as
promoting legislative advocacy.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Jim Keene, City Manager updated the Council on Assembly Bill 744 -
Planning and Zoning: Density Bonuses which awaits the Governor’s
signature.     The legislation would obligate the City to reduce parking
requirements to 0.5 spaces per unit for 100 percent affordable housing
projects located within one half mile from transit. The City is drafting a
letter for the Mayor to sign requesting the Governor veto this legislation.
This legislation runs counter to the Council’s legislative guideline promoting
local legislative control.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Kniss attended the California League of Cities Annual
Conference and Expo. She felt the Conference as a whole was worthwhile
and highlighted two keynote talks, one from Greg Lucas, State Librarian
highlighting the continued importance of libraries and one from Cam Marston
from Mobile, Alabama providing tips for working with employees from
different generations. During an emergency preparedness session, it was
stated that the quality of emergency preparedness in Palo Alto and Mountain
View is exemplary. Palo Alto in particular utilizes social media effectively.
She appreciated Council Member Burt’s attendance when she was elected as
President of the Peninsula Division.

Council Member Wolbach attended the League Conference session on drones
and the City Attorney Conference on surveillance technology. He attended a
session covering emerging issues in law enforcement. He appreciated
prompt responses from Staff relating to Agenda Item Number 9. Numerous
people praised the work of City Manager Jim Keene, City Attorney Molly
Stump, Fire Chief Eric Nickel, and Police Chief Dennis Burns as experts in
their fields.

Vice Mayor Schmid attended a Bay Area Water Supply & Conservation
Agency (BAWSCA) meeting. Member cities have conserved water at rates
ranging from 24 percent to 31 percent. Data combining warmth and
wetness around the Hetch Hechy Reservoir has been collected for 100 years.
The last four years have been the worst over the past century.
                                                                           Page 7 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 10/5/15
