                          TRANSCRIPT
These little drawings of ours have still got too many icons, too many
pictures. It takes too long to stare at it and try to figure out what to do,
especially like you say if you're in a different jurisdiction at home and you're
asked to do one thing at home and a different thing at work. We have to
simplify this. Like San Jose has gone the next step of saying, "There's just
two things for our commercial sector. For our commercial sector, there's
wet and there's dry. If it's wet, it goes in this container and we're going to
compost it. If it's dry, it goes in this container and we're going to send it to
our recycling (inaudible) and separate it." We're not quite ready for that,
but I think that's the direction we have to see ourselves headed in, greater
simplification for our commercial sector.

Council Member Burt: I'm just not at all sure that we've been drawing off of
best practices on signage. As the City Manager will verify, I periodically
when I travel send him photographs of really cool, well-labeled recycling
bins.

Mr. Bobel: We get those from him.

Council Member Burt: I wanted to understand a little more clearly on what
we're intending to do with multifamily. Is it in the same category as the
single-family where we're saying that it's a requirement but we're not going
to enforce or is it different?

Mr. Bobel: It's different. That same paragraph that Matt was reading earlier
addressed it in part. First of all, does it fall into the same category? If it's
greater than four units, it does meet the definition of commercial, so it's in
this category. What's different about it is there's a manager, landlord and
then there's a tenant. For the multifamily, what we've said is if the
manager, landlord does the best practices that we have listed, that's really
all we can ask. We're not going to be taking enforcement action against an
individual who lives in that complex. The thing that's incumbent on the
landlord/manager is to do the activities, and most of that is about public
education and signage and making the service available.

Council Member Burt: How much outreach have we done to multifamily, not
only managers but residents, to understand the issues like we've done on
what we think of normal commercial, not multifamily units?

Mr. Krupp: Multifamily is actually the very hardest thing to address in terms
of recycling and composting. It wouldn't be fair to say that it wasn't, but it's
very difficult. That said, last year we sent out letters to many—I don't know
the exact number—multifamily units and apartment complexes to see if they
were interested in piloting a program for compost service. We have one of
our environmental outreach coordinators from GreenWaste is really
                                                                         Page 26 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
