                              MINUTES
Council Member Scharff asked why the credit ceased.

Mr. Fiedler reported the Water District Board of Directors in 1984 determined
a credit was no longer necessary.

Council Member Scharff asked if the vote was 4 to 1.

Mr. Fiedler did not know.

Council Member Scharff asked if Mr. Fiedler agreed with the gentleman from
Los Altos Hills that the Water District would not sell water to Los Altos Hills.

Mr. Fiedler responded no. In 2008-2009, the Water District had no physical
connection to Purissima Hills. They wanted to connect to the Rinconada
Water Treatment Plant, but summer conditions were at peak capacity. The
Water District released a bid on a project that would expand the capacity of
the Rinconada Water Treatment Plant. He suggested the City of Palo Alto
broker an arrangement to provide some of its surplus Hetch Hetchy water to
fulfill Purissima Hills' needs.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

James Keene, City Manager, announced Agenda Item Number 4 was
removed from the Consent Calendar and would be presented with additional
information at a meeting in April 2015.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, noted the Heart Across America bike ride began
the previous day. The prior week, the State Water Resources Control Board
adopted new emergency regulations limiting landscape irrigation to two days
per week; prohibiting irrigation within 48 hours of measurable rainfall;
prohibiting food service establishments from serving drinking water unless
requested; and requiring hotels and motels to wash towels and linens upon
request. The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission continued its call for
a voluntary 10 percent water reduction. In 2014, the City's voluntary water
use reductions reached 16 percent, one of the highest levels in Santa Clara
County. The City received Acterra's 2015 Business Environmental Award for
Sustainability for its comprehensive environmental achievements.         The
Silicon Valley Water Conservation Awards Coalition named the City of Palo
Alto as the Water Utility of the Year. The Summit for the Comprehensive
Plan Update scheduled for May 30, 2015 would be noticed as a Special
Meeting of the City Council. He played a video which would be used to
encourage community participation at the Summit.



03/23/2015                                                              117- 127
