                          TRASNCRIPT
public meeting. The first were recreational activities that might be a good
fit. Those included concepts like a camp ground, a group picnic area and
facilities for special events. The second major theme was restoration, and it
varied from concepts of restoring the site by planting native grasses and
trees to larger-scale restoration of dechannelizing Buckeye Creek, removing
the overburdened soil and trying to create one contiguous valley. The third
theme we heard is how important it is to retain the Acterra nursery on this
site. I'm going to briefly highlight some of the challenges of this site in
terms of development. One of the more significant challenges is the
hydrology of Buckeye Creek. This is a channelized creek that has its origins
in Foothills Park up by Towle Camp and passes through this 7.7-acre parcel.
It's experienced significant down-cutting and erosion problems. The erosion
has caused sediments to wash down the creek and deposit into the 7.7-acre
parcel during the rainy season. These collected sediments need to be
removed to prevent flooding. The adjacent landowner that borders this site
has managed the sediment removal up 'til now, for many years. Since
1987, the caretaker for Mr. Arrillaga, Michael Wizawati [phonetic spelling],
has been the person who has performed this work and has been
instrumental in helping us understand exactly what's gone into that. The
City will be responsible for taking over that work unless an agreement is
made between the City and Mr. Arrillaga to manage the sediment removal.
The Fiscal Year '16 Capital Budget includes funding for this hydrology study
to study, analyze and provide recommendations to resolve the down-cutting
and erosion problems in the creek. Staff's working to initiate the study as
quickly as possible. We're developing the Request for Proposal this month
and plan on bringing the hydrology study recommendations once complete
to the Parks and Recreation Commission in June 2016. There are culverts in
this creek—this is another challenge—that need to be secured with fencing
and a gate to ensure that the potentially dangerous area is safe for people.
I'm going to toggle to the next screen and show you just a photo. The photo
on the left is a 6-foot diameter pipe. This is Buckeye Creek flowing just as it
exits the 7.7-acre property. This is down a steep embankment that people
could get down into. It's just an example of what we'd want to secure off
with fencing, but probably provide a large enough gate to allow a backhoe to
get in and remove any debris that accumulates down there. The soil
conditions are another challenge for this site. The Lee family had used this
entire area to store overburden. These are the spoils and rocks from the
adjacent quarry that were not desired. This overburden is comprised of
highly compacted soils and rock, and it covers the hillside and the valley.
It's estimated that there's about 5 feet of overburden on the valley floor.
These soils don't drain well and make it a challenge to grow trees and
vegetation; although, I will say it's not impossible. We've talked to that
caretaker who, again, has been on that site since 1987. He has grown trees,
but they have been stunted in growth. It has been a challenge to keep them
                                                                        Page 46 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
