                          TRANSCRIPT
have that understanding, so when projects come to us we know whether or
not this is a good thing or whether or not this will increase. As a Council
Member here said earlier, he thinks the hotel is over-parked. I have no
desire to over-park these projects. I think that by doing this kind of a
parking study, we can actually get to whether or not we're over-parking
them, under-parking them. I think that's really useful information. I'd like
to see that in the parking lot and have us take that up as opposed to not
being proactive and having these projects come to us and then being able to
use that out and have under-parked projects. With that, I'll actually make
the Motion that we move forward with the Staff recommendation on this
grouping.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to adopt Ordinance Sections 10-13, modifying Municipal Code
Chapters 18.13-18.15.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to speak to your Motion? We have a couple
of Council Members out of the room here.

Council Member Scharff: It does happen.

Mayor Holman: Do you care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Scharff: I'll speak to my Motion briefly. I heard what
Council Member Wolbach said, even though he's out of the room right now.
Maybe if we vote quickly, he won't (inaudible). I was going to say I think
this is a Tier 2 issue of whether or not we impose minimum densities. I
don't think we should—we haven't held up other things with the notion of
we're going to come back and revisit this. I think we should try and stick to
our process tonight which has been we look at the revisions, they codify
existing practice.     If they codify existing practice, we move forward.
Frankly, I think that's how we should do this. I think Staff's done a good job
on this, and I think we should move forward on it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, would you care to speak to your
second.

Council Member Berman: Just quickly and briefly. Since I haven't spoken
yet to anything, I just want to thank Staff for all the work that you guys did.
I'll get to this a little bit later on. You guys have gone through a really
deliberate, thorough process here. Outreach and communication to the
community has been great, to Council has been great. I noticed Jonathan's
not here, so somebody will have to relay this to him when he gets back. I
                                                                        Page 75 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
