                          TRANSCRIPT
John Elman: I was here once before. You folks don't realize in the audience
that people back here can't see this light. When I got up here, I saw the
light, then it turned red while I was talking. I thought your battery wore
out. I told my wife about it, and she rushed out and got a wand with a little
red light on it to make me stop talking sometimes. You've heard from
everybody who supports this project.          Isn't that amazing?        They're
enthusiastic. They're here tonight, late at night. By golly, this is their thing.
The other 20,000 people who use Arastradero every day or more. I think
it's more than that. They admit to that many people according to the
reports. It needs something else. I would, first of all, like and hope that
you could turn it down as it is, but separate the project. It's two projects;
Charleston is one, Arastradero is one. There's a third more cars that use the
Arastradero part down to El Camino and Alma. Think about that. The
second thing is that I invited the Council when they were considering this
before, each of you, all of you, come to breakfast at my house around 7:00.
I'll fix you anything, because that's the way I do breakfast. Then we'll go
out and watch what happens on Arastradero and Maybell and Georgia and all
through Barron Park and so on. To see the problems that have been created
by this project. It's dangerous out there. I don't know how anybody in their
right mind could ride a bike during the three hours in the morning and the
four hours in the afternoon down Arastradero. It's terrifying. Most of the
kids, of course, don't. They use the side streets and the other. I have for
the first time in the 50-plus years I've lived a block off of Arastradero, first
time, I now go through the neighborhood. I never had to do that before.
Going down through Green Acres too. Thanks anyway. I'll see you in the
men's room later, fellows. Oh, excuse me, you too if you like. I've got
(inaudible).

Stephanie Munoz: I'll try to be very brief. Years ago my grandfather had a
good friend who lived at the end of Arastradero Road. He had a very large
tract of property next to the cemetery. His three nieces inherited that
property. They told me about how Palo Alto annexed that area so as to be
able to widen Arastradero Road to accommodate traffic to the industrial
park. All I have to contribute, and it's a very small amount, is think about
the whole picture. Already we have changed some of the valuable industrial
land back to houses. If we had more houses and fewer offices up in the
tract of Stanford lands, which are at the end of Arastradero, this terrible
problem would be mitigated. I think that, as Bob Moss said, the problem
has not gone away. It has simply been pushed over onto Maybell. If you
had not done that, I think you probably would have gotten your Maybell
senior center project too. You aroused the anger of the residents to such a
pitch that they were just enormously energized. Give some thought to the


                                                                         Page 91 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
