                         TRANSCRIPT
discussion, them share with us.     We can raise any additional particular
items.

Council Member Kniss: I think that works well because we've got—I hope
we have a stable group over there. As long as we have a stable group, I
think it's a very different kind of interaction. I hope they're all here in a
year.

Ms. Egan: Since you're interested in the experiences of other agencies, I
don't work with any other clients that have me facilitate their 6-month
check-in except if a person has (crosstalk) what I would call a performance
improvement plan. Then, I keep really close tabs with the Council and the
manager, and we try to see improvement. Typically that really is good
conversational time where someone doesn't have to prepare. It's a little bit
more informal. That works well. I would keep it that way.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think we have such a rich background to talk about,
that we don't have to (crosstalk).

Chair Burt: Is that how we feel, that we would like to do a not formal, non-
facilitated check-in?

Council Member Kniss: That sounds like it's reasonable at this point.

Council Member Berman: I can't remember what we've done in the past
years. Do the CAOs provide us with a written update or not? I don't recall.

Council Member Kniss: Midyear?

Council Member Berman: It's not something that we'd need facilitation

Chair Burt: Molly's saying no, and that was my memory too.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: We have not done that.

Chair Burt: We'll just use this document and discuss it. We should maybe
briefly say—does February seem reasonable? It seems like January would
be too quick to try and do that. Much later in February and you're starting
to get close to the period at which we're doing yearend.

Council Member Kniss: Until June again.

Chair Burt: Beth, maybe you can poll us on that.

Ms. Figone: I do think that's something that your process owner can ensure
gets triggered and it does get also plugged into that calendar.
                                                                                   Page 24 of 39
                                           Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                            Transcript: 12/16/15
