                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Matterman: The benefits of that website are really two-fold. One is
that it shows pictorially what we think will happen in terms of where the
creek will overtop and what neighborhoods or what parts of Palo Alto or East
Palo Alto or Menlo Park will be affected. It also includes information that
more than doubles the advance warning. Those two things combined make
us feel strongly that this is a better tool for the general public and
emergency responders. What you would notice at the top of that website
is—looks like you're on it which is great—that there are tabs where people
can get background information including the Palo Alto website that has
always been there and will always be there. We are hoping that people
transition to the new website for the alerts and for those two benefits.

Council Member Berman: That's great. I like the new website a lot. It's, I
think, a lot more kind of user friendly. I love the "sign up here to get text
alerts," which I'll get to in a second. Our website doesn't point anybody to
that website anywhere on it, on our flood information winter storms website.
That's something that we should look into and probably have at the very
top.

Mr. Teresi: Actually as of this afternoon, it does.

Council Member Berman: The flood information and winter storms?

Mr. Keene: Yeah, right there. It's right ...

Council Member Berman:         This isn't what was mentioned here, right?
Cityofpaloalto.org/storms.

Mr. Teresi: You're correct. I added a link to the creek monitor page, but I
have not yet added a link to the storms page.          That's a very good
suggestion. Thank you.

Mr. Keene: Can I just add? It's great if people can bookmark the URL for
the site directly. As we get closer to the season, our home page itself will
actually have links to all of this, so that nobody has to know anything other
than just getting to the home page. We'll have all ...

Council Member Berman: And the sliding bar?

Mr. Keene: Yeah. You'll be able to connect to all of these off-site links.

Council Member Berman: Perfect. That was another thing that I had in
mind. Thank you, Jim. When people get an early flood warning—if I go to
the JPA site, the /JPA Palo Alto site, and I enter my mobile and get a text
that says we're now at yellow, will it also include information that doesn't

                                                                        Page 36 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
