                          TRANSCRIPT
this project violates: L-5, L-3, L-6. You can just keep going through them.
Program L-4, L-5, land use definitions, etc. I urge you to send this back for
rework and urge the PTC and the ARB to dispense with their personal
preferences. The project is overbearing, looms over all adjacent buildings
and, thus, is out of scale, incompatible with surroundings and, as you are
aware, further exacerbates parking issues. Thank you very much.

John Hanna: Good evening, Madam Mayor, members of the Council. My
name is John Hanna. In 1887, 300 of the leading architects, artists and
sculptors signed a petition to the Paris Exposition committee saying,
"Whatever you do, don't let them build that ridiculous giant, black
smokestack." Some of you may remember, I know I do because I was here,
the Transamerica building proposed in San Francisco about 40 years ago.
The Planning Director at the time in disapproving the project said that it was
not complementary to the buildings next to it. A leading architectural critic
at the time said the building was insensitive and inappropriate. After the
Eiffel Tower was finished, it's been hailed as an engineering marvel. Indeed,
it has become the iconic symbol of the City of Light. The Transamerica
building after it was completed has been referred to as an architectural
masterpiece. Today, one could argue that it's as much an icon of the City of
San Francisco as cable cars and the Golden Gate Bridge. It's funny, isn't it,
how things change. Tonight is not about compliance with Ordinances or with
CEQA or with rules. This project complies with all of those. Some people
don't like the rules. If you don't like the rules, you change the rules, but you
don't change them in the middle of the game. What we're really dealing
with here tonight is progress versus stagnation, innovation versus
conformity. I remember what the architect said about the Transamerica
Pyramid in defense of his creation. He said that if all buildings were required
to conform to their neighbors in style and in scale, all of our cities today
would be an aggregation of mud huts. Let me leave you with two thoughts.
One, something you are all familiar with. A camel is a horse designed by a
committee. Secondly, in my view at least, every effective elected public
official has to resist the temptation occasionally to pander to the agenda of
the current popular movement. Thank you.

Dan Garber: In 1931 Birge Clark submitted his design for the Palo Alto Post
Office, and it was rejected because it was in the wrong style. It took Mrs.
Hoover's influence to eventually result in Palo Alto getting the nation's first
post office in the Early California style. Mr. Clark's take on the Spanish
Revival Style projected a romantic vision of an idealized past. Prior to him
and several other architects, commercial buildings here hadn't often been
designed to look that way before. As evidenced by the Federal Government,
the style had its detractors and it took a while for some people and even
more institutions to accept it in the way that we do today. In the 1950s, the
                                                                        Page 35 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
