                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the budget including $50,000 for Automated External
Defibrillators (AED), and amendments as discussed:

A.   Budget Amendment Ordinance which includes:

     1.    City Manager’s Fiscal Year 2016 Proposed Operating and Capital
           Budget; and

     2.    Amendments to the City Manager’s Fiscal Year 2016 Proposed
           Operating and Capital Budget; and

     3.    Revised City Table of Organization; and

     4.    Fiscal Year 2016 Proposed Municipal Fee Changes; and

B.   Resolution Adopting a Dark Fiber Rate Increase of 2.7 Percent and
     Amending Utility Rate Schedules EDF-1 and EDF-2; and

C.   Resolution Amending Utility Rate Schedule D-1 (Storm and Surface
     Water Drainage) to Increase Storm Drain Rates by 2.7 Percent Per
     Month Per Equivalent Residential Unit for Fiscal Year 2015; and

D.   Resolution Adopting a Wastewater Collection Rate Increase of 9.0
     Percent and Amending Utility Rate Schedules S-1, S-2, S-6 and S-7;
     and

E.   Resolution Adopting a Refuse Rate Increase of 9.0 Percent and
     Amending Utility Rate Schedule R-1; and

F.   Resolution Amending Salary Schedules for the Management,
     Professional, and Confidential Unit, the Utilities Managers of Palo Alto
     Professional Association, and the Service Employees International
     Union:

G.   Refer to the Finance Committee a discussion of changes to the Public
     Art Ordinance to simplify the calculation of the Public Art Fee and a
     discussion of usage and replacement of pool vehicles.

Council Member Scharff: We've been through this a lot. In the interest of
time, we have a lot to do. If it becomes controversial, I'm happy to speak to
it. I'll reserve that. At this point, it's easier to move forward.

Council Member Berman: Same here.



                                                                      Page 25 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
