                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Can I suggest that, as I read this—it's why purpose
statements are very important. As I read this, "B" is to focus public and
environmental review of development projects on the issues of great
significance to the community. That says to me—it's like if you're proposing,
let's just say, a PC that is three times zoning allowance. I'm just making
this up. It's an opportunity for the Council to say, "We have concerns about
traffic impacts, parking impacts," that sort of thing. We're not going to
analyze them or have the data at this point. That's why I'm concerned
about any addition of the word "impacts" in "A." This is, again, conceptual.
It's preliminary. Just one—I almost never, ever disagree with City Attorney.
However, in the amendment, it says "conceptual designs and other similar
matters." Again, we're at the concept stage. We're not looking at impacts
other than as are referenced in "B."

Mayor Stump: I was trying to provide a big tent for all views. If you wish to
stand outside in the rain, there might be nothing I can do for you.

Mayor Holman: One of us is standing in the rain. Vice Mayor Schmid, are
you complete or satisfied?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm a little unsatisfied, but if there is no ...

Council Member Scharff: Do you feel like you're in the rain?

Vice Mayor Schmid: ... second to this, I will move on.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to add to the Motion, “impacts” after “scope.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: I have no other lights by Council Members. It seems as
though we should give some form of direction to Staff to come back with—I
guess this would be an amendment to give direction to Staff. Council
Member Burt, would you care to provide language to Staff as an
amendment, since you raised the issue, for—that would be ...

Council Member Burt: I'm just wondering whether we're going to be able to
have this come back as a second reading in that way, if it's conceptual.

Ms. Stump: Again, these are voluntary processes. All you're doing—you're
not regulating or adding any requirement to anyone. You're adding another
voluntary process.
                                                                             Page 53 of 80
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 10/26/15
