                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Young: It's the same height.

Council Member Scharff: What I'm trying to figure out is if we don't grant
the DEE, does the two towers for the two stairways look the same, because
you have to build that anyway and you don't need a DEE for it or is it
shorter?

Ms. Young: It's shorter. The elevator right now is serving the roof. Again,
this is a Building Code requirement. When you have people, you have to
have elevator access for accessibility.    That would drop dramatically.
Potentially only one stair would need to come up. Again, that would be a
negotiation with the Fire Department.

Council Member Kniss: What I’m hearing, and I'm not hearing it exactly
which is why I'm asking. How far over the limit are you actually with the
stairwell and with the mechanical device? Where does it actually end up? I
can see it on your drawings, but I can't tell exactly what it is.

Ms. Young: No worries. The building height is 37 feet. The roof screen is
allowed to go 15 feet, and it's proposed to be 6. The requirement for the
roof screen is that it be at the height of the largest piece of mechanical
equipment. We've tried very hard to keep that low, so that height is 6 feet.
That's allowed. The stairs, we've tried very aggressively to find ways to
reduce the minimum building height, clearances, the structural requirements
for the roof and the parapet and waterproofing, all part of responsible
sustainable design. The minimum that we can make it is 10 feet. I'm sorry.
The elevator, in addition to it serving the roof terrace, the mechanical
equipment for it is a hoist beam, and it's located above the elevator. This is
the smallest, shortest elevator that meets the requirements that we could
find. That's an additional 4 feet, I believe.

Council Member Kniss: Where does it end up though, at the very end? You
have the ability to add 15 feet of mechanical onto the 37 to begin with.
You're over that, correct? I think that's the amount that Greg mentioned as
53 or 54.

Ms. Young: Actually no. I do apologize. We discovered today that the
elevator towers that's modeled in the view that you just saw was modeled at
53 feet 9 inches. We realized that that was wrong, that it should have been
modeled closer to 51 feet. That would be under the 15-foot addition that is
allowed for mechanical equipment that you're referring to.

Council Member Kniss:     That is a change from what we might assume
before.

                                                                       Page 46 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
