                         TRANSCRIPT
on that particular parcel. The funds are used to pay for storm drain Capital
Improvement Program and maintenance and water quality protection
programs. California courts have determined that this fee is subject to the
requirement of California Proposition 218.          Proposition 218 was a
constitutional amendment passed by voters of California in November of
1996. It stipulates that property-related fees, except for fees to fund sewer,
water and refuse collection services, could not be imposed or increased
without the approval of either a majority of property owners subject to the
fee or two-thirds of voters in a general election. As far as the current
Enterprise Fund, it is now based on a rate structure that was approved by a
majority of property owners back in 2005 via a mail ballot measure. It was
used to fund the seven high priority capital improvement projects and
enhance maintenance and storm water quality protection programs. Back in
2005, it was set at $10 per month for a typical residential single-family
home with the option for voter-approved annual inflationary increases.
Increases have in fact been approved by Council each year, so the rate for
fiscal 2016 is now $12.63 per month for a single-family homeowner. The
budgets of the Enterprise Fund and the expenditures are reviewed each year
by the Council-appointed Storm Drain Oversight Committee.             Of great
importance is the fact that that current rate structure sunsets per the ballot
measure in June of 2017. Unless those enhanced rates are approved by
property owners, the storm drain fee will revert back to its pre-2005 rate
which is $4.25 per month, which will not support the current operational
costs for the storm drain system maintenance and State-mandated storm
water quality protection.     It won't provide enough funds for the new
requirements that we're expecting to be imposed in the next version of the
storm water discharge permit which will be adopted by the Water Board later
this year. It will not provide for a Capital Improvement Program. Staff is
recommending that we develop and implement a new ballot measure to be a
follow-up measure to the 2005 measure, asking that the Council ask the City
Manager to convene a blue ribbon committee to assist Staff with the
development of a spending plan, both capital projects and operational
programs, and that we be directed to work towards a ballot-by-mail election
in accordance with Prop 218 that would be able to be approved by a simple
majority of responding property owners in a mail-ballot process. In terms of
the blue ribbon committee, the Staff recommends that we follow patterns
similar to that which was used in 2005 and find a group with a variety of
backgrounds, areas of expertise and perspectives, and we would look to
work with this group for approximately five months in order to assist Staff
with formulation of a community-based recommendation which would come
back to Council on the scope, size and timing of the funding proposal. The
recommendations are in the Staff Report. They are again to direct Staff to
work towards a fall 2016 property owner vote-by-mail election, and to
appoint a blue ribbon committee to assist with the development of that
                                                                       Page 94 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
