                         TRANSCRIPT
could be for a couple of reasons. One, people aren't sorting properly.
Probably the main thing is this next chart here. This bar chart shows that
only 30 percent of commercial customers have compost service. The
commercial sector is responsible for two-thirds of the garbage landfilled.
This is probably one of the main reasons why we have so much compost in
our garbage. Compost I'm defining loosely as food scraps, food-soiled
papers and those sort of things. Going back to this one, just one comment.
We surveyed the commercial customers. By far, the main reason customers
have not subscribed to compost service, even though it could save them
money, is because it is not required. Just briefly, in summary the ordinance
that we're proposing requires everyone to subscribe to all three services,
garbage, recycling and compost. It requires that everybody sort their waste
properly. Everybody will have the three containers. An ordinance would
require that they sort their waste properly into those containers. This would
be implemented in three manageable phases, that we'll go into a slide later.
Early enforcement is centered on outreach and education. There could be
financial penalties; we have another slide that goes into that later for
flagrant contamination over several times. Phil, if you want to talk about
that.

Mr. Bobel: I'm just going to break in here to point out that that last
important phrase at the bottom is commercial customers only. I know we're
going to get into a discussion about that; we welcome that. The other thing
that I need to point out is an error that we made, and apologies for this.
Some of you may have noticed that the ordinance—one of you definitely did
notice who we're going to be hiring to do our proofreading in the future—as
given to you was multicolored in its approach. Our goal is to give you one
color which shows the changes from the original ordinance, not showing
changes that our various internal people made.           What we gave you,
unfortunately, was the version that showed a series of changes being made
by different people within our organization, not the final changes with
respect to the original. I apologize for that. What you should have seen,
like you see on every other ordinance, was just red mark-up of the original
ordinance.    Specifically, the problem that that led to as the principle
example—we think one of the few but an important one—was on page 18 of
the ordinance, packet page number 348. Packet number 348, just to repeat
that. Right in the middle, there's an exclusion for self-haul. Let me just
give you the big picture on that, because the way we worded it was
confusing. The big picture on this self-haul exclusion is that someone who is
hauling their material offsite themselves is not subject to our ordinance.
This only involves if you're having the material picked up at your curbside.
It doesn't prevent somebody from doing their own hauling to some outside
location. That's what we mean by the self-haul exclusion. If you're hauling
it yourself, then the enforcement provisions of this ordinance or the
                                                                      Page 17 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
