                         TRANSCRIPT
have a discussion about eliminating it. If we were going to fill it, then I
would clearly say we're under the obligation to the Council not to forget
about the original directive and have to cut another full-time position to be
sure that we were meeting that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: To leave with a thought, maybe for Lalo and Walter.
One of the things we did not have at the beginning of the budget process
was a focus on revenues. We jumped right in with the budget and the
expenditures. Maybe to have one session before the budget thing to take
the revenue projections in the Long Term Financial Forecast and ask the
question what does this mean for sustainability and basic number of
employees that can be funded. That might be a helpful discussion before we
get into the details of the budget.

Council Member Berman: After spending my first years on Council on the
Finance Committee, it was nice to get my month of May back for the first
time. Thank you to my Colleagues on the Finance Committee and to Vice
Mayor Schmid for doing a very thorough job and putting Jim through his
paces. I agree with some of the concerns that some Colleagues have
brought up. First of all, I support adding the AEDs. I'll get that out of the
way. I agree with concerns, some of the risks that were either brought up in
the Staff Report or in colleague comments, things like the fact that the cost
of the Bicycle Pedestrian Bridge increasing significantly above and beyond
what we talked about a little bit ago. We might need to have a revisit to the
full Council about that, to get a better understanding of the direction that's
going and what our options are. I think it was Council Member Scharff that
brought up the cost of construction and the impact that might have on our
Infrastructure Plan.    I don't know if it's full Council or if one of our
Committees—we don't have the Infrastructure Committee any more—could
have a discussion to try to get a handle on approximately what the
anticipated costs of that formerly $125 million in projects is now. I also
noticed, for instance, the revenue from the TOT is above what was
anticipated. I don't remember how that tracks back with what we were
going to issue the Certificates of Participation on, what our estimate was.
There might be additional revenue there that we weren't anticipating.
Hopefully the additional revenue will partially offset some of the additional
costs. Speaking of which, there was the increase in TOT from 12 to 14
percent, but there was also the additional TOT from new hotels. I know that
a couple of other hotels have been proposed. I haven't been following all
that very closely. Do we think that there are new hotels that might come
online or changes that might occur to that anticipated revenue?




                                                                        Page 43 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
