                          TRANSCRIPT
telecommuting or different reasons, they're not generally onsite, we didn't
have any means to capture that. That's pretty valuable information. I think
you alluded to like subtenants who might have an office that they use once a
week or something like that. I know in my office complex about half the
offices are unoccupied. Actually when you referred to some of the questions
that were there about office hours and things like that, it didn't allow anyone
to say this office is only open 20 percent of the time or whatever. I had to
say I'm open five days a week, all these hours. That's not true, but I didn't
have any other choice on how to answer the question. I didn't want to say
I'm never open on a Tuesday. I had to answer that I'm always open when
that's far from the case. I can tell you the whole complex is that way.
We're not really gathering that information well. This question, we said
we've got 73 percent, I think it is, response rate. Is that when we're
comparing it against other databases? How do we really have a good sense
of who didn't answer?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Through the efforts that I outlined earlier for Council
Member DuBois, we have a list of companies in Palo Alto that are subject to
the Business Registry. That's just over 3,100 at this point.

Council Member Burt: You're pretty confident that that's a close to reliable
source?

Mr. Fehrenbach: I'm fairly confident that the margin of error is much
smaller than it was even three months ago.

Council Member Burt: Do we know whether the large employers are almost
fully signed up? That seems like—we only have a limited number of large
employers that would capture probably 80-90 percent of all employees. Do
we have a sense of that? Have we checked?

Mr. Fehrenbach: We do. We specifically did some more direct outreach to
the larger companies, and most if not all—certainly the largest of the
companies in Palo Alto have registered. My memory of the exact 800 or so
at this point is a little frayed, but I don't believe there's a ...

Council Member Burt: I think that's something we basically want to not only
know but insist on. When you send a notice out that companies have not
registered, are you sending it only to those who have not registered?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Correct.

Council Member Burt: Isn't the EIN number now optional under our survey?



                                                                        Page 25 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
