                         TRANSCRIPT
also our understanding really is how the process works. It's a two-year sort
of cycle process to get a submission on the Section 190 funds. One would
take a tremendous amount of work truncated in a short period of time with
the fact that to be really eligible to receive it anyway you've got to have a
project way further down the road than we are right now. We'd be just
resubmitting. Our recommendation to the Council would be to acknowledge
that this is a small but necessary funding source that is available to us, but
that we would not pursue a nomination right now, but we would not want
that in any way to be interpreted as any sort of signal that we're as a
community not committed to grade separating our interchanges and
pursuing funding in any way. Secondly though, we would say that it's
worthwhile to pursue the Section 130 funds, and that's why with the
community meetings and all of those things are developed, because they
really deal with at-grade crossings and safety improvements that would
make things better for our City. Lastly, I just would point out that I think we
made a mistake in our report by succumbing a little bit to maybe the initial
competition in the VTA measure of all of the different demands that are
potentially out there. By buying into it all that, there is a limitation on how
much of the sales tax revenue we might be able to achieve as a City. I
apologize to the Council for any sense that we are limiting ourselves at this
stage. There are too moving factors in the mix as to what the emphasis will
be on a VTA tax measure. We don't want to short-cut that. Lastly, Molly, I
do believe that we did list the title for this discussion under Number 3
broadly enough that if there are other funding strategies or measures that
the Council wants to discuss rather than just either the VTA measure or a
local sales tax measure, that this is agendized in such a way to either have
those discussions and/or direct us to look at some other options. That's all I
have to report.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I see there are some members of the public
who want to speak to this item. I have no cards yet.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Madam Mayor, while you're preparing for public
comment, may I make a comment?

Mayor Holman: Please.

Ms. Stump: I often find myself in the position when there are recused
Council Members of recalling the Council to their mind that there are
members who are not with us because of recusals. This item is agendized
with three parts called out. It's agendized as one item to allow the Council a
full discretion to cross the issues and address broadly the interlocking
aspects of the item. We do believe that to the extent that the Council can
address the specific county and other local funding measures as a somewhat

                                                                          Page 9 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
