                         TRANSCRIPT
you think are important enough for us to weigh in on, I'm sure you'll be in
touch with our Staff right away so that we can address those once we get
back from break.

Mr. De Luca:      Absolutely.    Part of our communication with the City
Manager's office is weekly updates. As you know, something that happens
towards the end of the legislative session in the midnight hours is a gut and
amend. You take a good bill and you amend it, gut it and put it into
something else. The past couple of years, CEQA has been a topic of gut and
amend. The Governor and the Legislature addressed that last year by
making legacy projects, where they've lightened CEQA somewhat, if you
meet a certain threshold for construction projects. That's one of the benefits
of having us in Sacramento. Our eyes and ears all over to hear what's going
on. If anything pops up, we'll let the City know right away and take
effective action.

Council Member Scharff: One of the things I thought we should include in
our support is AB 327, which is the public works volunteers bill by Assembly
Member Gordon. That one extends the sunset date in Labor Code ยง 1720.4,
which enables local governments to use volunteer labor on public works
projects until January 1, 2024. This means tree planting in Palo Alto. This is
allowing our people to go out and do that. It allows people to pull invasive
species. It allows people to plant new plants. It allows the public to
participate in those kinds of things which, otherwise, would be prohibited by
these Labor Codes. Are we going to make motions to include things? I
would make a motion that Palo Alto support our Assembly Member Gordon
on AB 327.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to support Assembly Member Gordon on AB 327- Prevailing Wage:
Volunteer Exemption.

Council Member Scharff: This is something that is good and has local
control and flexibility. It's all the things that we believe in. It allows our
citizens to participate. It allows them to participate in the canopy days that
we often have and tree planting and stuff like that. It would be a real
shame if it wasn't extended.

Council Member Berman: Council Member Scharff's absolutely right. If this
isn't passed, it has the possible impact of precluding people from being able
to volunteer on these projects. That'd be a shame. It's great that this is
removing the impediment to that. We should support it.

                                                                         Page 41 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
