                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I think that would be good.

Mayor Holman: That's good with Council Member Filseth? Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part C, “CAC to
discuss policy to focus on planning and development of Cubberley
Community Center” and add to the Motion, “Direct CAC to focus on the
policy of planning and development of Cubberley Community Center.” (New
Part G)
Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, do you have anything else? Jim.

Mr. Keene: May I just? This is really not so much related to the Comp Plan,
but the fact that we are working on options right now related to Cubberley,
already following prior Council. I wouldn't want anybody to interpret this
that we're supposed to stop and wait 'til this goes through the CAC and all of
this before we're having dialog. I'm meeting actually with the School
Superintendent tomorrow on this issue, just an example as a starting point.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, are you complete?

Council Member Wolbach: Just to clarify for City Clerk. I know they're
working on a couple of things right now. Going back to my proposal for C-5.
It was actually to add not just "and the unhoused," but it would be to add
the language from the original Goal C-5 while also adding "and the
unhoused."

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, is that ...

Council Member DuBois: Yeah (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: It just hadn't been reflected yet. I just wanted to
make sure that we were all on the same page about that. I can work with
...

Mayor Holman: Do you have anything else, Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach:          Those     are   my    only   questions        and
recommendations for the time being.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. Just so I understand. When you say, for
instance, Goal C-3 up there, you're talking about the proposed goal.

                                                                       Page 59 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
