                          TRANSCRIPT
1 Community through the Building Code enforcement grading system. As
you know, we're a Class 1 organization now, which means that the residents
and property owners in Palo Alto get the benefit from reduced insurance rate
as well as be assured that their buildings will withstand impacts such as fire
and hazardous events such as earthquakes better and more resiliently than
buildings that are less than Class 1. We were awarded the Most Electric
Vehicle Ready Community back in 2013 and our Green Building Leadership
Award received in 2013 reflect the advancement that we've made in green
building. This is the visual facilitation diagram that we produced at our
green building retreat. It speaks to the direction. It gives a nice narrative
that we use to follow the discussion. We talked about water, emissions,
energy, materials and waste and indoor air quality, all of which were
identified, prioritized and pursued. This quickly is a timeline of our efforts.
On the top you'll notice the timeline from 2014 all the way through to 2050.
In bold, 2016 and 2019 represent Code cycles. I take that back. The green
buttons represent the Code cycles. That's 2015, which just passed; 2017 is
the next Code cycle; and 2019 is the Code cycle after that. Those represent
the Code cycles that we need to be in advance of, so our Ordinances have to
include all the local amendments. We need to go through the adoption
language in advance of those goals. That's what drives all of this effort to
make sure that our Green Building and Energy Codes are adopted well in
advance of those periods in time, those January 1st deadlines. Step one is
before you tonight. That's the Green Building and Energy Reach Code. Step
two is the Zero Net Energy Code which will be coming before you in advance
of 2017. Hopefully by June 2016 we'll have that wrapped up, which means
we have to start that work immediately after we finish this effort before you.
That Step two is going to be focused on zero net residential energy. We're
going to study where to draw that line and pursue Zero Net Energy through
the mandate of solar power on rooftops as well as identifying what is cost
effective, which we'll get into. Finally, Step 3 we're calling a roll out. This is
in advance of the 2030 goal established by the State which identifies when
we want to try to be Zero Net Energy for commercial buildings, a much
higher threshold to achieve. Technology still has a ways to go to catch up
with that, but we are going to try to see how we might advance and beat
that deadline here in Palo Alto. Again, it's a rolling effort. We will start that
after 2017 when we adopt the next step. Below, at the bottom, you'll find
the three projects that this is paralleling; the Comprehensive Plan, the
Sustainability/Climate Action Plan which Gil made mention of, as well as the
electrification study or the fuel switching study that's currently under way.
All three of those efforts are aligned with the work that we're doing. We
collaborate regularly with those departments to make sure that we're on the
same page. Training and outreach was a big focus in this effort. It's the
reason that we received the ISO Class 1 rating. We need to educate the
construction, the architectural, and the engineering community about these

04/20/2015                                                                117- 327
