                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. If I could respond to the
Airbnb comment. We did in this Phase 1 of the program limit the number of
permits that could be obtained by individual residential addresses. Each
address was entitled to four permits and then two transferrable visitor
passes. That, I think, would address that issue. Of course, we're interested
in your thoughts about potentially expanding the area. I appreciate the
point that you made, which is at some point you expand it so much that it
should be maybe separate or different districts. In terms of the issue of
assigning permits to blocks rather than concentric zones or other zone
configurations, it just adds to the complexity, I think, of the Program. Our
thought was that you could adjust the number of permits that you issue
within the zones, whatever shape they are, so that we wouldn't experience
the phenomenon that you suggested would happen, where everybody is
bunched in the middle or you get some disproportionate distribution of the
permits. The idea of creating the zones would be to kind of manage that in
some way.

Council Member DuBois: I think it just goes to you need a small enough
zone that you can control the number of permits. Once the area is too big,
then you'll get bunching.

Mr. Mello: I can answer a couple of your questions as well. I've heard a
couple of comments that a half mile may not be far enough for the eligibility
zones that we're seeking to create. We had to walk a little bit of a tightrope
because there are neighborhoods that don't want to be included. They don't
feel that they're currently experiencing any type of overflow. We would
essentially be bringing them into a program that they may not want to
participate in. We were a little conservative when we looked at creating
those eligibility zones, but we can certainly look at expanding that area if
you think that's appropriate. In regard to Menlo Park, I just happened to
have coffee with my counterpart at the City of Menlo Park last Wednesday. I
talked to her about whether they were experiencing any impacts from our
RPP. She said at the beginning they had a minimal amount of overflow, but
she hasn't received any complaints from residents. It doesn't appear that
there's a great deal of spillover occurring. I'll let Sue-Ellen answer the
questions about moving cars around in the zones and street cleaning
(inaudible).

Ms. Atkinson: We have had some comments from residents regarding the
street sweeping. In Downtown North, there are signs posted, and we did do
double signage on every single sign post in Downtown North where that
program is established.    Elsewhere where there is intermittent street
sweeping and signs are posted on the trees, I believe the individual
residents have been working with Public Works, because the street sweeping
                                                                       Page 53 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
