                             MINUTES
Kristen Anderson indicated the park owner had not complied with the
Municipal Code. The owner had not identified a similar community, because
there was none. Proposed relocation costs would not cover the devastating
costs to 400 Palo Alto citizens.

Lydia Kou attested to the fact that Palo Alto's excellent schools were a prime
selling point. Buena Vista families knew that Palo Alto's excellent education
was the pathway to a brighter future. Buena Vista families should be fairly
compensated for the loss of quality education.

Mark Weiss believed the report of highest and best use ignored or
undervalued the community's covenant with residents of Buena Vista and
created an unrealistic valuation. The press had blurred the distinction
between ownership entities. The community would not be the same if
residents were forced from their homes.

Robert Moss urged the Council to reject the relocation plan as grossly
inadequate. Comparisons of Palo Alto to Mountain View, Sunnyvale, and
Santa Clara were not equal. Home values were based on data from 2011-
2012. The City should utilize eminent domain to seize the property and save
affordable housing.

Ellen Forbes, League of Women Voters of Palo Alto President, urged the
Council to proceed with statesmanship and a vision of the community's
future health. Negotiation was more likely to produce a solution that
benefited all parties involved.

Jennifer Munoz-Tello wanted to continue attending Palo Alto schools and
hoped her younger sister could do the same. Buena Vista parents wanted
good educations for their children.

John Kelley was confident the Council would do the right thing in light of
community unanimity on the issue. The proposed relocation package did not
compensate residents for the value of lost educational benefits. The Council
had the power to take equitable action and to keep Buena Vista open.

Jennifer Wells believed there were no equitable relocation packages and no
comparable scenarios for Buena Vista residents. Stability, location, and ties
of the community were extremely important.

Sea Reddy compared the closure of Buena Vista with the Holocaust of 1939-
1944. Relocating residents was unfair. The community had an obligation to
retain the residents.




04/13/2015                                                             117- 213
