                         TRANSCRIPT
basically listed it as a Tier 1 as exceeding, which was confusing. I wonder if
you'd give us a quick explanation of the issue with extremely hazardous
substances. The last question is why not include the City Plant under the
ordinance since there's no sensitive receptors, no residences near our Plant.
Why exclude ourselves from the ordinance?

Ms. Stump: I think all of those are questions for the Planning Director and
our expert. I'd like them to at least take the first shot. Thank you.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. Let me take the first
shot, and then I'm going to need Rod's help on the extremely hazardous
substance issue. First, your question about whether the ordinance would
apply only to Tier 2 uses in industrial zones. Yes, that is the case. The way
the ordinance is currently drafted, it's an amendment to the section of the
Zoning Ordinance for industrial zones. We did an inventory of where Tier 2
uses exist. We found that they were all in the industrial zones with the
exception of the three that Rod mentioned in his presentation.

Council Member DuBois: Does that mean that some of these Tier 2 uses
would be allowed in retail zones, for example?

Ms. Gitelman: I'll let Rod respond to that question. I mean, I think
technically they would be allowed, but his research has shown that there are
very limited applications or opportunities for those kind of uses outside of
our industrial or manufacturing zones. Your second question was about
whether a Tier 1 use can become a Tier 2 use if they ...

Council Member DuBois: In the Q&A, it talked about a Tier 1 use that
exceeded CUPA. Doesn't that make it a Tier 2 use at that point?

Ms. Gitelman: It would be if it had materials that were classified as toxic or
highly toxic. It depends not just on the quantities but on whether these
materials that are identified in the Fire Code are those materials that exceed
the CUPA quantities.

Council Member DuBois: If it was a toxic substance that was below CUPA
and then went over, it would become a Tier 2.

Ms. Gitelman: Then you're correct. It would become a Tier 2. Your
question about why not include the City Plant. Again, the ordinance is
structured as a regulation that would affect the City's industrial zoning
districts. That's the section of the Code we've amended. If we wanted to
address facilities in the public facilities zoning district, we would have to
include and amend a whole other section of the Code. I think our feeling
was that that would be an effort that really is not necessary given the nature
                                                                           Page 79 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
