                         TRANSCRIPT

excluded from this new set of criteria.        I think what would be more
appropriate would be to give notice to any of those applicants who were not
appointed that we're going to have a second round that is appointments by
the Council but based on this set of objectives. If they wish to have their
application considered by the Council, then they just simply have to notify
you. They don't have to fill out another application. It would be an opt-in
rather than an opt-out. They'd understand if they're from outside this set of
criteria that they probably shouldn't bother to opt-in.

Council Member Wolbach: Two hopefully friendly amendments. One, the
word "including" before "greater age diversity," I don't know why we need
the word "including." I would suggest removing that if the maker and
seconder would be okay with that.

Council Member Burt: I can answer why I asked for it.

Council Member Wolbach: Help me understand.

Council Member Burt: I wanted to make it clear that it wasn't either/or.

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine.

AMENDMENT:    Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to replace in the Motion, “For the City Manager” with “For
Council.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Wolbach: Also, I'm guessing that one's unlikely to be
friendly, but I'm going to offer it anyway. I'd like to offer an amendment.
Instead of "for Council to directly appoint," I would like to see that changed
to "for City Manager to appoint five additional Citizen Advisory Committee ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois as maker?

Council Member Wolbach: I thought it would not be accepted.

Mr. Keene: I would respectfully decline.

Council Member Burt: Remember on the "who owns it" thing too, we're
going to own it this way.

Mayor Holman: I had just a couple of quick things. There's no reference
here to subcommittees. Council Member DuBois.
                                                                      Page 130 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
