                         TRANSCRIPT
houses that are also in the row as well. It would be nice to have a second
story, but I'd give up that right to preserve the privacy that we have. I hope
that others would do that as well. I'm for the original single-story overlay.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Monica Lynch to be followed Pradipta Ghosh.

Monica Lynch: Good evening. My name is Monica Lynch. I live on 1046
Metro Circle. I'm here with my family, my husband and two of my teenage
boys. We're here to show our support of the single-story overlay zoning
petition. Both my husband, Kevin, and I are school teachers in the Palo Alto
Unified School District. I teach second or third grade little kids at Ohlone
School, which is less than two blocks away from our house. Kevin teaches
seventh grade science at JLS Middle School. We feel extremely lucky and
proud to live and work in this wonderful town of Palo Alto. Before we
purchased our house on Metro Circle, I used to take lunch walks around the
Ohlone School neighborhood.        Metro Circle was one of the streets I
frequently visited and enjoyed. As a matter of fact, it was on one of those
lunch walks when I spotted the house we ended up buying. I was eight
months pregnant at that time with my second child, and I was giddy with
the fantasy that our children might grow up here in this neighborhood that's
calm, friendly and unpretentious. We live and work in Palo Alto. We plan on
staying in Palo Alto Unified School District for another 15 years also, and we
plan on retiring in our Metro Circle house. We like the character of our
neighborhood the way it is, and we support a single-story overlay. Thank
you.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.     Pradipta Ghosh to be followed by Mike
Murnane.

Pradipta Ghosh: Mayor Holman, esteemed members of the City Council, my
name is Pradipta Ghosh. I live on 2743 Greer Road. We moved here in
2007, and we specifically chose a single-story, close-knit neighborhood to
raise our two boys. Our house is a single-story Eichler; we recently
remodeled it. We added another bedroom, and still it is 1,800-square-foot
house. It feel much bigger than it ever was. We also have parents come to
stay with us, but that doesn't pose a problem even though our lot size is
6,000 square feet. We are plenty comfortable in the small lot that we have.
We have expanded our house and kept it single story like we always wanted
to. My wife and I, we volunteer in several different ways in the community.
Both of our boys are boy scouts, and I am a scout leader. My wife is a PTA
chair at Palo Verde. As a family, we love our neighborhood's look and feel.
We love the fact that we are predominantly single story. We love the fact
that there are children in the neighborhood, and we share good times with
our neighbors, and we are there for each other. One thing I would like to

                                                                         Page 119 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
