                          TRANSCRIPT
past 101 to Middlefield. Again, a beautiful, wonderful bike path. What are
they doing that we can't do and what's the Water District doing?

Mr. Mello: Sarah has done a little research on Stevens Creek based on the
comments you made at the last Council meeting.            We wanted to be
prepared, so she reached out and did a little bit of research. I do want to
preface that by saying I don't think we're here tonight to tell you that we
couldn't build a trail along the creek corridor. It's just that there's some
major challenges around construction, agreements with the Water District. I
don't want to give you the perception that this is something that we couldn't
do, if you charged us with continuing the feasibility study of the trail. It's
just we wanted to check-in with you and let you know that we've
encountered some fairly significant challenges and ...

Vice Mayor Schmid:        I'd just add to it there is currently feasibility
discussions, active discussions, going on with Sunnyvale, Cupertino and Los
Altos to extend the Stevens Creek Trail.

Ms. Syed: Yes. That's a great point. We did take a look at the Joint Cities
Coordinated Stevens Creek Trail Feasibility Study. That is an active effort to
extend the existing Stevens Creek Trail. What the feasibility study process
is considering are a number of options including on-street trail facilities. As
they get beyond Fremont Avenue in Sunnyvale, they're finding constraints to
extend to Homestead. What they're looking at doing is making one of their
local streets into a one-way road, Bernardo Avenue, to build a separated
bikeway. They did a very quantitative analysis, looking at the County Trails
Master Plan. The recommended minimum width is about 25 feet to be able
to put in a Class 1 trail. They looked along the corridor and did a mapping
exercise of where they have less than that and can they work around it.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess my time is running out. I only want to make
the case that communities near us are dealing with this issue, going through
it. At least to have that shared information would be important. A note on
Loma Verde. You've pointed out that you could fit bike lanes in there, but I
see you eliminated parking on one side. That has a consequence. Ramps,
you say there's problems with ramps, but two of the ramps are at the
beginning at Alma and at the end where it goes under 101. Actually that
ramp takes you into the Baylands. The ramp issue is not quite as daunting
as you say. The barriers, I think the barriers can be talked about, adjusted
for uses. I guess the sharing of experiences of our neighbors, of what kinds
of problems and issues cropped up when they went through a neighborhood,
I think that's essential.



                                                                            Page 37 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
