                         TRANSCRIPT
toxic, extremely hazardous materials, EPA and OSHA regulations, CUPA
thresholds. The issue before you is really straightforward. It's about safety,
our safety, safety of other sensitive receptors and the location. That's the
important word, the location of some very hazardous materials. CPI has
over two tons or just about two tons of acids and cyanide compounds that
are extremely hazardous substances. This has been the same amount that
they've had for the last several years. All their materials are at the back of
the building, about 50 feet from the residents that live in Barron Park. Let
me just ask you a question. Ask yourselves what would you do if a new
proposal were to come before you for a plating shop located this close to
residences with that much extremely hazardous materials. What would you
do if it were to come before you for a prescreening review? I'm sure you
would say, "No way. Don't build it there." Unfortunately, you were not
given the option at that time, but you can do something now and prevent
this from happening again. Now, this is not the only case of zoning mistakes
that have happened. There have been places elsewhere where officials have
allowed facilities with extremely hazardous substances to be located too
close to residents. Some of those have had accidents. This is a photo from
an accident that happened just last year in Lawrence, Massachusetts. It was
a nitric acid spill by a metal finishing company. The accident scenario is
very similar to that which was actually described in the AECOM report. The
folks in Lawrence waited too long to make changes to their zoning. Don't
make that mistake here. I don't know if you have any familiarity with
hazardous materials, perhaps you worked in businesses using them. I know
that Council Member Burt owned and operated a plating business for many
years, but none of you live next to one. You don't, as Council Member
Scharff mentioned last year, live in fear of smelling an odor that might be an
indication any time of a toxic gas release. The AECOM study demonstrated
that we residents are in risk. Internal safety systems and standards that CPI
described are certainly necessary, but they are not sufficient. Accidents do
happen. Just a month or so ago, a CPI employee at another of CPI's
facilities was seriously injured in a hazardous material accident and was
transported to the hospital. Just two weeks ago, toxic gases from the
garage at the Westin Inn sent a dozen guests to the hospital. If those
people had been 300 feet away, they would not have been affected. The
key to ensure the safety of sensitive receptors when you might have a toxic
gas release is distance, distance between them and extremely hazardous
substances. The separation suggested in the Staff Report of Tier 2 and Tier
3 recognizes that. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.     Lynnie Melena to be followed by Romola
Georgia.


                                                                           Page 56 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
