                          TRANSCRIPT
exclusions from GreenWaste hauling.        There may be something in this
section.

Mr. Bobel: I think what Mayor Holman is asking for is sort of a more holistic
approach and a more proactive approach than just allowing for an exclusion.
I think I understand.

Mayor Holman: Exactly. My time is up. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I'll just follow up on what Council
Member Holman said. If you go to page 17, packet page 347, "F" for
instance. That talks about the authority of a licensed general contractor
under contract for the demolition or reconstruction to salvage items and sell
them. What's interesting to me is you added the word "general contractor."
Immediately what came to mind is, say, you hire a roofing contractor to put
on a new roof. The old Spanish tiles are really great, so you want to salvage
those. You might not hire a general contractor; you might hire a roofing
contractor. I couldn't understand why you would, for instance, put the word
"general" in when it wasn't in the ordinance before to limit it so that a
roofing contractor couldn't do that. I actually have tons of little questions
like that, that could go on for quite a while. I guess what I'd like to do is—I
think you guys should come back to Finance on this. I totally support what
you're trying to do. I totally support applying this to commercial properties.
You've actually gone far beyond that in the ordinance. I might agree with
what you're doing; I just don't necessarily understand the thinking behind
everything. There's another example, for instance, on special events. It
says you can't provide drinks and condiments including without limitation in
individual packages; they have to be in bulk servings. Does that mean we
can't use—it means you can't have a Coke can at a special event in an
individual thing. It's those kind of things which you didn't come to Finance
and discuss. With that, I'd actually like to make a motion that we refer this
back to Finance for further vetting of the ordinance after you've had a
chance to go through it and make the changes you suggested tonight.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman: Beat me to the punch.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to refer this Ordinance to the Finance Committee.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, would you care to speak any
further to your Motion?


                                                                        Page 29 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
