                              MINUTES
"Policy and Procedures 1-48/ASD (Procedure for Sale/Transfer of Surplus
City – Owned Real Property"); adding to the last sentence of Procedure
Section A.3, "and shall provide public notice of any deed restrictions on the
property."

Vice Mayor Schmid indicated the additional language applied specifically to
the Grand Jury Report regarding the 7.7 acres. The Council directed Staff to
prepare a list of all City property and land donated to the City. The Council
adopted a policy to hold public votes before moving into a Closed Session.

James Keene, City Manager, inquired about the distinction between deed
restrictions and other kinds of special restrictions that could exist on various
property.     An easement on property could have some environmental
significance. He preferred the language be more general in order to identify
any conditions.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Procedure Section A.3 “and shall
provide public notice of any deed restrictions, easements, or any other
encumbrances on the property.”

Molly Stump, City Attorney, clarified that for real estate Closed Sessions the
property must be identified on the Agenda. The 7.7 acres did not have a
street address; therefore, it was identified on the Agenda by the Tax
Assessor's parcel number. A description of adjacent properties would be
provided for future parcels without street addresses. The Council procedure
to vote to convene a Closed Session could be an opportunity for Council
Members to inquire about the real property.            That discussion could
accomplish Vice Mayor Schmid's purpose.

Council Member Berman asked if there was any reason for not stating any
special conditions pertaining to a parcel of real property.

Ms. Stump answered no. The City Manager wished to broaden the language
to include more situations. The Council would want Staff to disclose any
additional relevant items.

Council Member Berman would support the Motion if it did not create a
hardship for Staff.

Vice Mayor Schmid concurred with the language inclusion of easements.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 DuBois, Scharff absent




02/17/2015                                                               117- 19
