                          TRANSCRIPT

notice on Slide 12 that it references Homer Avenue and Channing Avenue.
As I live on Homer, if there's any discussion about Homer beyond where the
pedestrian bicycle tunnel is, the underpass is, I'd ask Council Members if
you'd hold those to the end. If need be, I can step out of the room. It
seems not likely, but just in an abundance of caution. With that, Council
Members, questions? Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I have a few comments and questions. I'll let you
kind of jot down the questions and maybe answer them toward the end.
One has to do with places where we have off-road bike paths. I know you
mentioned that some of the ones around schools you'd looked at widening.
I wanted to find out whether we're looking at segregating pedestrians from
bikes potentially where we have combination paths of bikes and pedestrians
and long term having a pedestrian path and a bike path next to each other
where space allows. I also am interested in within the Ross and Greer bike
boulevards whether there will be consideration of some turn restrictions,
whether they're closures like we have on Bryant or simply partial restrictions
that would reduce the use of those boulevards for kind of longer distance car
travel, still making them accessible for local driving. With the Matadero or
the Midtown bike path, do we have a clear intention to have a pedestrian
crossing under the tracks to connect that with the Matadero path that is on
the, we'll call it the southwest side of the tracks? If so, would it cross under
both Alma and the tracks, given that we don't have a signal there currently
or would we add a signal? Mayor, your potential conflict is with Homer on
the other side of Middlefield. I don't think there's an issue out toward Alma,
so I'll just lay this out as a question of whether there's a reexamination of
once we hit High Street and we have the counter-directional lane. There
had been discussion a few years ago about either potentially putting a
counter-directional on High or turning High from Forest to Homer into a two-
way street. You may not know that historically that section down there of
one-way High Street was driven by Peninsula Creamery trucks needing to
turn in. That's been a while since we've had that need, but we kind of have
this artifact of a two-lane one-way street. On Bryant, one of the things that
I've been concerned about for a long while is cars that cross Bryant aren't
really notified clearly that they're crossing this heavy traffic bike lane and
whether there'd be warning signs at the stop signs and/or stencils on the
street. I know I've been told that stencils on the bike boulevard aren't a
typical practice. At an intuitive level, when I'm a driver, they are a real
strong reminder that I'm crossing a bike boulevard. Even though I'm also a
rider, I know that I need that kind of reminder to double check that I'm not
just looking for cars and an occasional bike; I'm looking for a lot of bikes. I
think they're real valuable. I'm glad that you're looking at the Downtown
                                                                           Page 7 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
