                         TRASNCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I seconded Council Member Wolbach's.

Mayor Holman: I didn't hear Council Member Wolbach have a motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, I was waiting to hear whether it was time
to make motions. If it's not the Chair's prerogative, I'll make one. It's up
on the board. If it pleases the Chair, I will speak to the motion.

Council Member Burt: We've got a substitute listed there too. I'm confused.

Council Member Wolbach: Which has not been seconded.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Was that a substitute to my motion? I'm
just concerned that we need to be clear about the five we're taking action
on. I'm not sure how you do that in a six-person vote. I still think we'd like
a majority, so my proposal is vote for five and then vote for one, and clarify
five we're taking action on, one we're taking a straw poll.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Mayor
Holman, if I can interject. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I think
both motions are really the same. Council Member DuBois is just making it
clear that the five would be appointed this evening. The sixth would be
placed on consent to come back.

Mayor Holman: My point is we have not decided that we want to appoint a
sixth. That's my point. We've not decided we want to do that.

Ms. Gitelman: Both motions currently end up with six appointments. One
...

Council Member Wolbach: The big (inaudible).

Male: Cory wants to check six boxes. Tom wants to check five boxes.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois is saying to vote for five members
and then vote for the—okay. That's what your motion is. They are the
same thing. Essentially.

Council Member DuBois: They are.        Mine's more about process.          I am
motioning that we vote for six.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, I haven't seen a second to your
substitute motion yet. Given that, we will be ...




                                                                       Page 66 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
