                         TRANSCRIPT
loss of about 12,000 square feet of auto service uses. Both of those
applications came, all three of those applications came in 2014. We've been
working with them to get through our process. At the Council's last
discussion on this, the vote was to allow those to proceed without this
Ordinance applying to them.

Council Member Scharff: What was the second one with the 2,500, where
was that?

Ms. Gitelman: 3877 El Camino, the Compadre's site.

Council Member Filseth: There are no other applications that would be
between whether the application was received or whether it was approved
that would be affected by that?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. There are no other pending discretionary
planning entitlement applications that we believe would be affected by the
Ordinance. These are ministerial actions.

Council Member Filseth: These three go forward with both language?

Ms. Gitelman: Pardon me?

Council Member Filseth: These three would go forward with both language,
with both versions of the language?

Ms. Gitelman: No. The Amendment that you've suggested, all three of
them would be precluded as I understand it.

Council Member Filseth: Oh, really? I thought 429 would go through.

Ms. Gitelman: At least two of them would be precluded. I think there'd be
an argument about 429 University. Under the proposed Ordinance, all three
of them could go forward without paying attention to this Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff: We haven't included automotive services, so the
only one this would affect would be the Compadre's site. Correct?

Council Member Filseth: Unless we come back and put automotive services
in.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff: If it would just affect retail on El Camino, which is
the Compadre's site.


                                                                        Page 40 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
