                          TRANSCRIPT
of focus from the satisfaction survey is the report process and the various
reports that we receive and the facilitation of the Closed Session. Now, I'm
looking at Page 5, the bottom of Page 5 of the Staff Report. Again, very few
comments here, but I think comments worth noting. We really have no
recommendations other than to say great feedback, we'll take it into
consideration moving forward next year. I think the question for the
Committee is did the reports that you received meet your needs and did the
facilitation meet your needs. My thoughts to share with you, first of all,
about facilitation. We were all getting to know each other. I think as a
facilitator, I was not shy, but getting to know each other is an important part
of facilitation. Personally, I tried to strike that balance between guiding you
and not interfering with your conversations. That's probably the good city
manager in me. Clearly, if the Council is interested in more assertive
facilitation, that can happen. That's the kind of thing we can just feel out. I
know you were not shy about asking me questions. I think the comment,
though, that I received in the feedback was really you have a lot of
knowledge to share, don't be afraid to share your knowledge with our
Council to help them, because Council Members too are at various stages in
their growth. I remember even you, Pat, during session would say, "How
did you do this," just like you did, Liz. Very comfortable in doing that. I
think that was great feedback that happened through the survey. We'll just
bear that in mind moving forward.

Chair Burt: Let me ask, colleagues, out of the questions that we had and if
we reflect and compare them to the sorts of questions we formerly had, are
they ones that we like, do we have any different directions that we want to
take or do we want to continue with that set of questions that we had this
year?

Council Member Kniss: That set worked well this year. I don't know. As I
said, I'll be anxious to hear from the CAOs too and see if they felt that that
really elicited the kind of information we wanted. Evaluations are difficult.
Getting them so that they (inaudible) that line between this side and that
side is tough. Sometimes you're evaluee is very direct in telling you about
whether or not they felt that was successful or they never got a chance to
kind of shine in their questions and their feedback.

Ms. Figone: There's self-assessment that helps with that, teasing out the
things they want you to know, which is part of the two-way conversation.
The second part of this, before we get to the bigger picture, is in the reports
that you received. You probably felt like you were on this treadmill of
meetings and reports and discussions. There was a method to the madness.
As I mentioned, at the front-end there is input that comes from your online
survey, my one-on-one interviews with you, the direct reports, and the self-
                                                                                    Page 11 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
