                          TRANSCRIPT
Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Holman. City Attorney Molly
Stump. Council may recall that Council Member DuBois was conflicted and
recused himself from the prior discussion on the growth limit. The reason
for that is that the Council Member has Stanford University as a source of
income, and Stanford is a major land owner of lands that are currently
zoned office and R&D. The California Fair Political Practices Commission
issued a written opinion based on the initial policy framing that was done by
the Council that the decision to either include or exclude Stanford was
sufficiently significant or could be sufficiently significant that he should not
participate. As the decision has moved forward and is further defined, we
have returned to the FPPC for further advice. They did issue a written
opinion following up on their initial opinion and have ratified the following
procedure. It is this. Council would first consider the question of confirming
the proposed outer boundary of the regulated area which as proposed, as
recommended by the PTC and by Staff, would exclude Stanford lands.
Council Member DuBois should not participate in that part of the discussion
and voting. If Council indeed confirms that that is the feature that you want
in your Ordinance as far as the outer boundary, then Council Member DuBois
may return to Council and participate in the remaining policy decisions about
the type of regulation including the inclusion or exclusion of the coordinated
area plans, the beauty contest, etc. With the Mayor's approval then, Council
Member DuBois needs to identify Stanford as a source of income and recuse
himself. We'll come and get you when this part of the discussion is over.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I want to thank the City Attorney. We spoke to
the FPPC this morning. I will be recusing myself because of my wife's
employment for the discussion about the geographic boundary. Hopefully
that will be a short conversation, and I can participate on the details of the
process, exemptions and land use. I'll be recusing myself now. He left the
meeting at 10:05 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman:    Thank you, Mayor Holman.          I have two slides on the
boundary question. As the Ordinance is drafted, it would apply to the
boundaries shown in Figure 1 and in one of the attachments.              It's
Attachment G as referenced on the slide. Is the recommended boundaries
from the Planning Commission.          These boundaries include parcels in
Downtown, the California Avenue area and El Camino Real Corridor that are
zoned for office development. The boundaries are a little different than the
boundaries in the Comprehensive Plan monitored areas designation. In
general, they're a little larger than those areas, except in Downtown where

                                                                         Page 81 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
