                    ACTION MINUTES
C.   Resolution Amending Utility Rate Schedule D-1 (Storm and Surface
     Water Drainage) to Increase Storm Drain Rates by 2.7 Percent Per
     Month Per Equivalent Residential Unit for Fiscal Year 2015; and

D.   Resolution Adopting a Wastewater Collection Rate Increase of 9.0
     Percent and Amending Utility Rate Schedules S-1, S-2, S-6 and S-7;
     and

E.   Resolution Adopting a Refuse Rate Increase of 9.0 Percent and
     Amending Utility Rate Schedule R-1; and

F.   Resolution Amending Salary Schedules for the Management,
     Professional, and Confidential Unit, the Utilities Managers of Palo Alto
     Professional Association, and the Service Employees International
     Union:

     1.    Amended Salary Schedule for the Management, Professional,
           and Confidential Unit; and

     2.    Amended Salary Schedule for the Utilities Managers of Palo Alto
           Professional Association; and

     3.    Amended Salary Schedule          for   the   Service    Employees
           International Union; and

G.   Refer to the Finance Committee a discussion of changes to the Public
     Art Ordinance to simplify the calculation of the Public Art Fee and a
     discussion of usage and replacement of pool vehicles.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff and the Finance Committee to return in six months
with an update on the Animal Shelter.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to direct Staff to investigate increasing the Business Registry late fee
monthly for for-profit organizations and remain the same for non-profit
organizations.
                                                                          Page 6 of 8
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 6/8/15
