                          TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: You're removing your second?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach has moved, seconded by—I need
a second—to vote for five members for appointment to the CAC and then
vote for one additional member for future appointment. We need a second
please. I'll second. Council Member Wolbach, do you care to speak to your
motion any more, any further? Presumably not. I don't need to speak to it.

Council Member Berman: One quick question. I'm just trying to remind
myself of when we set this up months ago. We did say that they all have to
be Palo Alto residents, correct?

Mayor Holman: Correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I propose a substitute motion in which the Council
Members vote for six members on the first round to appoint five.

Council Member Filseth: Second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to vote for six appointments, with five appointed, followed
by the future appointment of one additional member.

Mayor Holman: Do you need to speak to your motion?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think we have over 50 candidates, and we want to
sort through and get a sense of where our colleagues are. It's beneficial on
the first round to have the total number of votes that we want ultimate
candidates. Just from a process point of view, it seems to make more
sense.

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, what he said.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, I see no more lights. Vote on the board
please.

Male: Which are we voting for?

Mayor Holman: We are voting for the substitute motion.

Council Member DuBois: It's not really a substitute. It's an amendment.

Council Member Berman:      It's an amendment.      It's an addition to the
process.

                                                                     Page 68 of 127
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/31/15
