                          TRANSCRIPT
would be—this came up actually in our pre-Study Session meeting as well.
When an item is concluded at the Commission, that if the motion could be
repeated, that way there's clarity, everybody knows what they're voting on.
It's also very concise at the end of the Minutes of that item. Also, if those
who are voting nay or who are in the minority, if they could state their
rationale for why that also provides good clarity on rationale and guidance to
the Council and rationale to the Council and to the public and perhaps to the
body itself. In the past what we've done is when something has come to the
Council that had a minority and majority view from the Commission, both
perspectives were presented. Not just a one-person minority, but if there
were two or more Commissioners who had a minority opinion, then that was
also reflected in the Staff Report to the Council. That way no voices are lost.
Again, not a one-person minority, but at least a two-person minority. We
have issues that we're grappling with, whether they're transportation or
housing or office. We've not given specifically clear guidance on that yet,
because we're grappling with those issues and we're undertaking the update
of the Comprehensive Plan. That said, what I think would be most helpful to
us as Council Members and the public and to each of the Commissioners
together is when talking about housing, talk about the pros and the cons of
housing. In other words, what are the impacts of housing? What are the
likelihood that housing would be occupied by X, Y or Z populations? What
traffic is that likely to create? What kind of demand on parks and open
space is that going to create? It isn't just a housing only issue in a silo.
Likewise office, it isn't for the sake of restricting office that the Council took
that step. It was because—I'm sure Council Members will correct me if I'm
not understanding the whole intention of the Council. It's while we are
undertaking the update of the Comprehensive Plan, we did not want to be
exacerbating conditions, so that we could understand those in an
Environmental Impact Report and so that we wouldn't be chasing our tails
while we were also updating the Comprehensive Plan. It wasn't for the sake
of limiting office itself or per se. I hope those are helpful comments. I see
Council Member Burt has his light on.

Council Member Burt: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Then Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Burt: I'd just like to ask as a follow-up to this meeting for
the City Attorney to provide with greater clarity to the Planning Commission
their proper purview and responsibilities as it relates to review of zoning. It
doesn't have to occur here at this time. If you have (inaudible) because I
heard a repetition of something that I've heard stated in public previously by
Commissioners that is different from my understanding and different from
what I understood from the City Attorney.              I think there was a
                                                                             Page 65 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
