                          TRANSCRIPT
Sobrato folks where they were indicating that their plans for the main part of
the site are four or five years off potentially. That's what they say. I'm a
little bit different from Hillary. I'm not agnostic on this. I have an opinion,
but I'm also supportive of whichever way the Council goes. We've gotten to
where we are by a couple of main drivers that may not be quite as strong
right now as they were a year, 18, 24 months ago. One was this grant
funding, and we had a PTOD district. We go, "A PTOD district, grant
funding. There's a match to get some funding." Secondly, concern about a
potential urgent development application on the Fry's site and the need to
have a more detailed foundation for consideration of that application pushed
us to this point. The more logical process and probably more manageable
one is to try to focus on the Comp Plan Update and refining the policy
guidance in the larger Cal. Avenue plan. As we're going through that, if
suddenly you feel we've got to dive in deeper and faster and more
specifically on the Fry's site, then we do that or we take our time and move
through that methodically and let those overall policies drive the Fry's site
project. The downside to that is most likely you would be saying we would
forego the grant or there could be some potential risk. In my view, if we
were designing this from scratch, that's the approach we would take. The
real question is, is there the same sense of urgency right now, as it relates
to the funding or as it relates to the development pressure, to move away
from that more logical, thoughtful process to something that's a little more
of an intervention. In my view, I would opt for that methodical process.
Again, I'm supportive of whichever direction the Council would want to go.
One of the things that we were talking about was, are there ways to secure
a postponement of any potential development application from the owners.
Our conclusion was that's pretty difficult to do, because that site right now is
a key part of our certified Housing Element. Having the appearance or
reality of removing something from our Housing Element creates its own
problem. We backed off looking at memorializing something like that.

Mayor Holman: In a perfect world, I would agree with your scenario. The
question remains if we don't proceed with this, because the Fry's portion of
this site is only a portion of the 15 acres, there isn't anything to preclude the
owner from coming forward with a project on the rest of the site. Is that
correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Other than the existing leases that were referred to by the
owner's representative, there would be nothing in the City Code or nothing
we could do that would prevent an application from coming forward. Any
application that came forward obviously would have to conform to our
zoning and setback requirements. There are a lot of existing buildings on
the site, which is going to constrain what portions of the site could be
developed in the short term.
                                                                           Page 73 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
