                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Burns: We've actually shrunk. I believe in 2003 we had 173 employees
in Police alone, not including OES, not including Fire administration. It's
been primarily as a matter of cost cutting to make the bottom line.

Council Member Burt: We had a reduction, but we're anticipating a future
growth. That's going to be one of the things we're going to need to look at,
what are those assumptions that are driving that anticipation that we'll go
up again fairly significantly in staffing. I don't know if this question is better
directed toward Brad or who. On that same page, we have the first line
which is Police, Fire administration, personnel and training. Right below it
we have Fire administration. Is that double counting or are those referring
to two different groups of people on the Fire administration?

Mr. Eggleston: I'm not certain. I'm pretty sure that it's not double counting
though. This is a summary of the program, and the program itself is much
more detailed than this and contains specific square footage numbers for
every single person that has an office or any office space in the facility.

Council Member Burt: It's confusing. Although the Chief has already
clarified that that total staff number that we have here is low, we're going to
want to get those different point in time comparisons. We also have a
training space under that first line, part of the 2,573 square feet. We have
the ECO/training room. Are these two different training areas?

Ken Dueker, Director of Emergency Services:           Good evening, Mayor,
Honorable Council Members. Ken Dueker, Director of Emergency Services.
Part of the reason that you see these different conflated terms is the fact
that there's a 30-year history of trying to make compromises and fit
different programs in. Some of the nomenclature has drifted. On behalf of
Staff, I apologize for the lack of clarity. The EOC can and is currently being
used for training from time to time. It has a different function than what's
envisioned up above. In fact, some of that is also Staff space for training.
Perhaps Lieutenant Lum from the Police Department might want to come up
and give further clarity. I want to point out that the EOC is not a training
room.

Council Member Burt: Is it under the new facility design intended to be dual
purpose?

Mr. Dueker: It depends on how we do the layout. There will be a core of it
that will not be dual purpose. In the new model, we keep our EOC active
during normal business hours as an adjunct to the 911 Center. A larger
breakout space when we collect other Staff could be dual-purpose or
multipurpose.

                                                                           Page 40 of 63
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/6/15
