                          TRANSCRIPT
3.    CAC will work on policies and programs according to Comprehensive
      Plan Vision Statements and Goals set by City Council. Staff is directed
      to bring topics to CAC and then to Council ideally within a month of
      each other to keep the groups in sync.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to ask the City Manager a question. Do
you have any concerns about any of that?

Mr. Keene: The only clarification that I would want to get is under "3." This
is still begging the question of the Council defining the vision statements and
goals themselves. We still talk about that in everything from very general
ways to others. If that's a guide, then that's going to put some burden on
the Council to get clear about what that is. I'm not saying that as a
criticism, just as a statement of fact. It could be relatively easy if you would
think about it in terms of tensions between directions and giving an
indication of where the balance tilts without having to get it perfect. The
other thing I would want to qualify is this "ideally within a month of each
other." There might be a little bit longer cycle that's going on with the
committee. They may need a little more time to get to a point where there's
something ripe enough or it needs some Council feedback. As long as the
qualification is on "ideally."

Council Member DuBois: That was the stated intention. If it's not exactly a
month, whatever.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can interject a little more on that last point, Number 3.
First of all, I am concerned that to get the Council's concurrence and
essentially buy-in to the goals is a tremendous exercise. There are a lot of
goals in each one of these elements. We shared them with you and thought
you might have some overarching comments about whether to start from
the base of the existing Comp Plan or start from the base of the P&TC's
recommendation. The Council's desire is to dive down into the language and
decision making on these goals. If we were to do that, we'd have to set
aside a couple of full days. Even then, I'm not sure we would get through it.
The other concern I have is in the beginning of this back and forth between
the committee and the Council, the Council still has quite bit of work to do
on just the issues. Never mind the sections of the Comp Plan, but the issues
of retail preservation, the idea of metering the pace of job growth or office
growth, the idea of potentially relocating some housing sites. I could see
each one of those issues taking a significant amount of time at the City
Council that we wouldn't be able to spend reviewing sections of the Comp
Plan like the committee will be doing. There will be some crosswalk between
the two groups, but I don't want to create the expectation that the
committee and the Council will be doing the same thing at the same time.

                                                                        Page 109 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
