                         TRANSCRIPT
area. We were going to have to write a proposal that was consistent with
those ideas.

Council Member Scharff: Let me walk you through what I’m saying. I am
looking at packet page 214, which is Attachment A, our application for the
grant. Our application for the grant says things like the goal would be to
generate densities that would support substantial use of public
transportation; a significant portion of the large (inaudible) is being zoned
Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development.        It says the success will be
measured in terms of the increased number of housing units and
nonresidential square footage. It says the goal would be to encourage
development at the higher range while also ensuring that negative impacts
would be avoided. That's what we've promised under the application. The
resolution that we adopt says that the project will be implemented as
described in the completed application. That is what we're promising to
MTC. I wanted to get your take on that. I'm assuming we're supposed to
be acting in good faith. If we say this is what we're going to do and we take
this money, that's the outcome that we are agreeing to do upfront.

Ms. Gitelman: It is true that when we decided to apply for the funds, when
we put together the grant application, we knew it was transportation dollars.
We knew it was to implement the sustainable community strategy. This was
our priority development area. This is probably one of the few sites in Palo
Alto where there's an opportunity for and zoning for high density housing in
addition to some commercial uses on the site. There was an opportunity for
mixed use near the train station. That's what the grant application reflects.
That's the policy choice before the Council. If you want to accept the funds,
it's to further the grant application that was submitted. If we don't want to
do that, it gives us more flexibility in terms of timing and the objectives of
the planning process.

Council Member Scharff: I was confused in how the CEQA process goes. Do
we start the CEQA process immediately?      How does that tie into the
Comprehensive Plan? What does this mean, "we tier off of it"? I don't
understand how this works.

Ms. Gitelman: The draft scope of work we put together envisions doing
quite a bit of the planning process in advance of the CEQA effort. Towards
the end of the planning process, we'd initiate a CEQA review. Presumably by
that time, we'd be far enough along in the Comp Plan EIR that we could tier
off of that document. We think that process will work. It becomes a
question of timing.



                                                                         Page 69 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
