                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I guess I'd leave it up to you guys to clarify this. I
just don't want to put something in there that isn't what we mean.

Mr. Lait: I think I have sufficient guidance on that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, you had turned your light on as well.

Council Member Kniss: Yes. I had been hoping something would happen
that would let me support this. I think it's time for it to be incorporated into
our governance as an Ordinance. Three things have been very persuasive to
me. One of them was just the one that the Vice Mayor brought up, which is
like you just borrowed the words right out of my mouth. I think looking at
this in two years is really important. We really need to know what has
happened rather than it just drifting back to us gradually that they're having
difficulty. I am very concerned about the parking. I think that's one of the
areas that we really need to be vigilant about It's hard to imagine a—for
example, I hate to keep using Pete's but it is my favorite coffee store. It
would be hard to conceive of a lot of parking along Cambridge, because
people frequently go to Pete's for a meeting or they sit there for a while.
I'm trying to think where they're going to park in that area. Even though
Pat tells me from the graph that we just had that most people don't have
any trouble parking there, which is kind of interesting. The other one that
really is persuasive for me is that I was very concerned about the
requirements for the retail formula stores which exists there at the moment.
Once we've added that in, that gives me comfort with going forth with this.

Mayor Holman: Jonathan.

Mr. Lait: Just to clarify that in my presentation, I made note of some
administrative changes, non-substantive changes to the substantial remodel
provision, if that could also get incorporated into the motion. Also, just to
clarify that we're going to look at this area between Park and the right-of-
way and make some refinements to the map based on that conversation we
had.

Mayor Holman: Do you want a "J" added to cover the—I don't have the
address. Actually it's numerous addresses.

Mr. Lait: 2701 Park.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry.

Mr. Lait: (crosstalk) that. These ...

Mayor Holman: It's Palo Alto Central is the whole development, is it not?

                                                                         Page 77 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
