                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman understood the discussion would be a dialog. More likely the
consultant would indicate the methodology suggested by the Council
Member was not reasonable and would suggest a reasonable method. Staff
could agree to purse the alternative.

Vice Mayor Schmid concurred.

Mr. Kawahara reported that the various methodologies used for the project
were consistent with all the other ones he had seen. The Council's proposed
methodology veered off the course of typical and went beyond what
everyone else did. There was some discomfort that came with that.

Ms. Prince requested the Applicant have the benefit of the consultant's
analysis. If the consultant determined the proposed methodology was
unreasonable and Staff chose another consultant, then it would be unfair for
the Applicant not to receive a copy of the consultant's analysis.

Council Member Scharff did not understand the direction for the parking
analysis to capture the effect of the loss of parking on Page Mill Road.
Caltrans required elimination of the parking. The Municipal Code stated the
amount of required parking.

Council Member Burt explained that calculating the amount of the parking
exemption for a mixed-use project should include the impacts of the project
on parking demand. Part of that consideration should be a loss in on-street
parking, not just solely in isolation the onsite parking. The impact of the
project would go into the evaluation of the amount of parking the Applicant
needed to provide.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the work Staff would have to perform
for that analysis.

Ms. Gitelman would disclose the loss of on-street parking and compare that
to the calculated parking demand and notify the Council if they anticipated a
spillover impact.

Mayor Holman asked if the County required removal of those parking
spaces.

Mr. Reich explained that the County intended to eliminate those parking
spaces in order to extend the left-hand turn lane westbound from Page Mill
Road to southbound El Camino Real.




                                                                       Page 36 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
