                          TRANSCRIPT
that is causing Palo Alto to lose its competitive edge. Together let's preserve
Palo Alto's premier City services. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Lynn Krug to be followed by Matt Johnson.
Again, if folks would move to the front, that's really helpful. Thank you.

Lynn Krug, SEIU: Good evening, City Council Members. I'm Lynn Krug,
Chapter Chair of SEIU employees for the City of Palo Alto. I've worked for
the City of Palo Alto for 15 years and lived here for 12 of those years. I love
Palo Alto, and I take great pride in my work and dedication to serving the
residents of Palo Alto. When you talk about being a residentialist, I think
that includes all the people in the face of Palo Alto which are the frontline
employees which are the SEIU employees. We are extremely dedicated, we
carry the institutional knowledge, and we have a personal investment in our
City and all its services. We believe in quality service and dedicate ourselves
to ever improving the lives of Palo Alto residents. It is the residents of Palo
Alto that gain from the institutional knowledge of our Enterprise Fund
utilities. We are about the maintenance, best practice and performance of
our utilities. We consider the long-term function and sustainability of our
utilities. As Palo Alto employees, we have an investment in making sure the
residents get the best service possible, and we will continue to do so. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.     Matt Johnson to be followed by Raymond
Herrera.

Matt Johnson, SEIU: Thank you for your time, Mayor and Council Members.
I appreciate you giving us the opportunity here. I'm currently in the
wastewater industry. I've been in it for—thank you. I've been in the
industry now for 23 years. The past 15 years, I have worked at the Water
Quality Control Plant here in the City of Palo Alto. At 15 years, I'm just
about the longest term operator there right now. The high rate of turnover
in operations is causing a constant training of new Staff. It takes about four
years for a competent, Grade 2 worker as far as the Grade 2 operations
goes. In my opinion, the advanced treatment that we do there, a Grade 2
operation is about our minimum requirement. In general, we are having a
major attraction and retention issue for all jobs at the plant. In the past
years, many operators who would normally have 5, 10, 15 years with us
recently have gone. Now the norm is three to four years before people are
jumping ship and leaving the City. We need to have better compensation,
better pay as well as being able to afford to live closer. The reason they are
leaving is for better pay, better compensation, and they can afford to live
closer to where they live, which is often an hour, two hours away. In the
last few years, we have had a difficult time attracting State-certified Grade 2

                                                                           Page 71 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
