                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. North: You just divide the 35 million divided by 950 acre feet.

Mr. Bobel: First they divided the ...

Council Member Burt: No, I did that. It didn't come up with that.

Mr. Bobel: No.

Council Member Burt: No, that's 12,000 acre feet.

Mr. Bobel: You've got to convert the 35 million to a annualized figure, and
then make the division. I can't repeat it off the top. That 35 million has
been converted to an annual figure, and then that has been divided by the
900 acre feet per year that Karin's talking about.

Council Member Burt: Is that with the debt service on the 35 million?

Mr. Bobel: Yeah, the debt service. You've got to create an annual figure to
convert.

Council Member Burt: I understand that, but none of that's explained there.

Council Member Scharff: Just briefly. I've got to say I think when I asked
the question about the 35 million, because that's the number you put down
in 2008 and then I was told that I shouldn't pay much attention to the
numbers here. I'm telling you if it's 35 million in 2008, it's got to be—I
mean, I think construction costs, as I said, have gone up 40 percent. To use
that to derive the 2,700 acre feet, I think it's worse to put numbers in a
report that are clearly magnitudes wrong and then say, "We're not really
focused. We thought it'd be better just to put something there." It makes
no sense to me why you guys would say that and not talk about how you
derived these numbers.

Mr. Bobel: Maybe we shouldn't have included them at all. They are old
numbers, and they need to be updated. The function of the EIR isn't to
estimate costs, so we didn't spend the money now to update them once
knowing we'd just have to update them again when we actually came to you
with a financial decision. It costs money—it costs big bucks actually every
time that we have the consultant redo these cost figures. We didn't feel
there was a need to spend that kind of money to finalize the EIR since it is
not related to cost.

                                                                      Page 127 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
