                          TRANSCRIPT
be extremely expensive if not impossible to retrofit to Essential Services
Standards.

Council Member Wolbach: This is where my colleagues who have been more
involved in this and also Ken Dueker might have thoughts as well. As one of
the new guys on the Council and being new to this issue, not that I'm
advocating in favor of splitting them up, but where are the real harms and
what would we lose as a value for the services and for the City if, worst case
scenario, we decided to go for two separate sites that were smaller, easier to
get for the real estate reasons and split Police from Emergency Services or
from Fire, either three separate sites for three different components or two
separate sites? What would we lose if we did that? Just looking at a
backup, worst case scenario.

Mr. Eggleston: I wouldn't try to speak to the operational issues. We did
some work looking at that back in 2012 when the program was finalized and
we came down to the 44,800 square foot number. Part of what was looked
at there was some alternatives, potentially splitting off certain functions that
didn't need to be in an Essential Services Facility to be housed offsite
somewhere else.        Functions that were looked at were the parking
enforcement unit and the property and evidence. One of the alternatives
where it looks like we were looking at potentially shaving 6,500 square feet
off the size of the Public Safety Building, we found that we would reduce the
cost by about $4 million. It was less than 10 percent, maybe on the order of
a 7 percent cost reduction.

Council Member Wolbach: Marginal gains financially.          It looks like Ken
Dueker might have something to add on this one.

Mr. Dueker: I would address the operational efficiencies.

Council Member Wolbach: That's really the question.

Mr. Dueker: You have a fiscal disadvantage. The operational disadvantages
are actually manifold. Now you go from one central site that you have to
protect and build to Essential Services Standards and all that good stuff to
possibly more than one. You have the transaction costs, if you will, of
having people separated by distance. One concern that exists in the realm
of the Emergency Operations Center and the 911 Center, as we move
towards looking at all the possibilities, we want to make sure there wasn't
just a random reason that all of our Public Safety Buildings to date put the
911 Center next to the EOC as part of a core Public Safety function. It
wasn't just for convenience; it was for operational efficiency, protectability
and cost savings. The marginal cost savings that you get don't amortize or

                                                                          Page 48 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
