                             MINUTES
Mr. Saccio utilized an interest rate of 4.75 percent to 5 percent. The rate
would depend on the date debt was issued.

Vice Mayor Schmid expressed concern about pension obligations.          He
inquired about the pension obligations of Public Safety Employees currently
paid through the fire services contract with Stanford University.

Mr. Rossmann had not fully explored that. The City Attorney indicated Staff
should review the contract with Stanford University to determine whether
the obligation could be transferred to Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Schmid assumed increased productivity over time would result in
fewer workers. Therefore, the ratio between existing employees and retired
employees would decrease. He inquired whether that would change the
City's pension obligations.

Mr. Rossmann reported larger issues in relation to pensions. The City
implemented a three-tiered retirement system. Staff requested the actuary
determine a timeframe for a change in the ARC and unfunded liability as
more active employees comprised Tiers 1 and 2. The actuary determined
the change would occur in approximately ten years.

Vice Mayor Schmid was concerned that Tier 3 employees would contribute
more in order to fund retiree benefits.

Mr. Keene stated that was a possibility. If the ratio of active employees to
retirees declined, then existing employees would carry more of the burden to
pay for that liability.

Mr. Rossmann added that existing employees paid normal costs only, not the
unfunded liability. All unfunded liability was currently paid by the City.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted Staff forecast the number of jobs and residents
would grow faster than in the past. He asked if that had implications for the
LRFF.

Mr. Rossmann reported Staff had not integrated the Comprehensive Plan
direction into the LRFF. Staff was performing a study at Council direction. If
the study was complete, he expected Staff would include that information in
the following year's LRFF.

Vice Mayor Schmid suggested the Council would make a mistake in using the
current LRFF to inform decisions regarding the Comprehensive Plan.

Mr. Keene was not worried about that issue.


03/09/2015                                                              117- 83
