                          TRANSCRIPT
to be in the Motion. Put that in people's minds. The other final thing was
about "within a month." That's probably too tight and overly prescriptive. I
would say "ideally within two months." That's ideally; it's got a qualifier, but
one month is putting a lot of pressure on Staff to be timely.

Council Member DuBois: Hillary, in the original schedule you had the
committee talking about the elements, and then you had it coming to
Council later after a Draft EIR. I wanted it to be much more in sync than
that. Two months is fine, but it was more along the lines of what happened
with the Housing Element.

Council Member Burt: We could say two months or less, but I didn't want to
put an overly demanding time burden. Maybe "two months or less."

Mayor Holman: Could I offer "approximately within a month"? That gives
Staff great flexibility. "Approximately within a month." Is that acceptable?

Council Member DuBois: That was the intention.

Mayor Holman: To Council approximately within a month of each other.
Council Member Scharff, are you good with that?

Council Member Scharff: Yep, I'm good with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part 3, “ideally” with
“approximately.”

Council Member Wolbach: I don't think it's going to get much support at
this point. That last clause was unnecessary, and I was going to propose
striking everything after that semicolon.

Male: Where do want to propose that striking?

Council Member Wolbach: In "3," after the semicolon.

Council Member Scharff: It'd end where?

Council Member Wolbach: At the semicolon.

Mayor Holman: It'd end after "City Council."

Council Member Wolbach: Guidance by City Council.

Council Member DuBois: No, I don't accept that one.


                                                                        Page 116 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
