                         TRANSCRIPT
efforts. It is one thing to design a building; it is something else to actually
build it. We can't underestimate how difficult it is for a construction
community that's been building buildings one way for decades, which is now
being asked to build it a different way. This leads to cost overruns, delays
and other things. We're trying to get ahead of that by training and reaching
out to the community of contractors, engineers and architects to make sure
that they're aware of how to build these things, which is not in your
traditional way. As this Code reads, it's focused on the construction of the
shell of the building. It stays clear of any mechanical requirements such as
Heating, Ventilating, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) systems, heat pumps and
other things. That's because that is what we're going to be seeing in this
next Code cycle, which requires that contractors understand the science of
building buildings. There needs to be a press from us as leaders in this
space, ahead of all other municipalities, to educate the construction
community on what it is that we're expecting them to do above and beyond
all of our surrounding cities. We take that mandate seriously, and we will
talk a little bit about what we're doing to achieve that. The first is our new
green building webpage has been overhauled, thanks to the hard work of
Melanie, which has a lot of informative Pages and forms and documentation.
We've also included in our green building handbook that we're providing as
part of the Construction Guidelines. Our community presentations and guest
speakers that we're having on a quarterly basis, we're going to have
speakers every month going forward to talk about where the bar is in Palo
Alto and how to achieve some of these measures that we're implementing.
We have a Green Building Advisory Group, the GBAG that I mentioned,
which we meet regularly. Our Development Center has commercials now. If
you go down to the Development Center (DC), you'll see a large monitor
displaying commercials educating and directing people to where they can get
more information. Finally, we published a Development Services newsletter.
If you aren't a recipient of that, please let us know. We'll be happy to add
you to the mailing list. Not only does it have information about what we're
doing as a department, but also construction updates. With that, I'm going
to pass the baton over to Melanie. She'll quickly go through our Energy
Reach Code Ordinance. If you have any questions, feel free.

Melanie Jacobsen: Thank you, Peter. Honorable Council, thank you for
hearing this Ordinance today. The two Ordinances before you are broken
out between the Energy Reach Code Ordinance and the Green Building
Ordinance. The Energy Reach Code Ordinance improvements include three
primary amendments above the baseline State Energy Code. We're calling it
the new Reach Code Ordinance, because it does reach beyond what is
minimum.      What's proposed for new construction is a 15 percent
improvement over the baseline State requirements.        That's increased
stringency over State requirements by 15 percent for all single-family, all

04/20/2015                                                             117- 328
