                         TRANSCRIPT
resolution. It omits private return for rental income. That's not a basis for
an overriding consideration. You'll ask yourself why is there the difference
between what you're going to adopt and what's in the Staff Report. That is
not a principle of CEQA. That's for a private benefit of a private party.
That's an inappropriate overriding consideration.      I also address your
attention to the other issues raised in writing concerning whether or not
there was a fair hearing before the Planning Commission. Thank you.

Kristen Hughes: Good evening, Mayor Holman, Council Members. My name
is Kristen Hughes. My family and I are residents of Downtown North, and
we're investors in 255 Park. The existing building, we feel, is neither an
historic asset nor, in its current state, an asset to Palo Alto. It had the
seismic issues that we saw and contains asbestos and lead. We're proposing
to replace it with a building that we feel will be an asset to the City. The
proposed building is a modern, green, LEED Silver building, as you heard
earlier. I live in Downtown North, so parking is a huge concern for our
family and very important to me as well. We've talked a lot about parking
and it being fully parked at 92 spaces. You can consider the option of 82
spaces with a Caltrain GoPass program. My son is now a daily GoPass user,
because the building he's in has the program. He uses it every weekday, so
we know firsthand as a family the benefits of that program. As to the roof
feature, we feel the proposed building is designed for the next generation of
workers, both with the roof access and within walking distance of California
Avenue and hopefully with the use of Caltrain as a major factor. The
building at 37 feet is within the height restriction rules, as have been
discussed, except for the stair towers and the elevator tower. The roof
terrace is a real asset to the workers and to this building. I hope you'll
follow the recommendations of the ARB and the Planning Commission and
approve the project. Thank you.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I agree with
the complaints of a number of the people who have objected to this project.
I want to make a few points. I don't think you can make the three findings
to justify the Design Enhancement Exception. There's nothing exceptional
about this site or this building that would allow converting the roof to an
office space. That's what they're proposing to do. The canopy on there and
the extensive area, where they're talking about having office workers go
onto the roof, effectively is going to create a place during 300-320 days a
year when the weather is nice, the office workers will take their laptops up
on the roof and do their work there. It's just going to be office space.
Second, it would be detrimental to the general welfare because it would
allow design exceptions which will open the door for others in the same area
and throughout the commercial areas all over the City. I want to talk about
some specific issues related to hazards that haven't been talked about. The
                                                                      Page 57 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
