                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Municipal Code Section
18.85.207 – Selection Criteria to be weighted as Sections a-b (Impacts),
Section c (Design), Section d (Environmental Quality), Section e (Public
Benefits), Sections f-h (Uses), and Section i (Pipeline).”

Council Member Burt: On the self-mitigating projects, I didn't really like the
wording in Section 1. What I thought might be more appropriate would be
language to the effect of "would provide rental housing for more workers
than would be employed within the project." There would also be a "2," the
transportation as well.

Council Member DuBois: Again, it just seemed overly complicated and a
pretty big exemption to a two-year annual cap or annual development limit.
I don't know why you want to prescribe rental necessarily. What if it wasn't
rental? Again, if we're giving points for use which includes substantial
housing, I think we're capturing it under the scoring.

Council Member Burt: It was one of the ...

Mayor Holman:      Are you not accepting that amendment then, Council
Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I guess I would have that be a separate
amendment. I would not accept it.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, do you want to offer it as a separate
amendment then?

Council Member Burt: Yeah, I will.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to replace in the Motion Part A with, “(1) would provide rental
housing for more workers than would be employed in the project; and (2)
provide substantial transportation demand management strategies
(individually or in cooperation with other projects or programs) to improve
the current parking and traffic conditions.”

Council Member Burt: I'll just briefly say that I think this captures a little
more clearly what we actually voted on, I believe, in the original Motion and
supported. It's not a departure from Council direction. It's consistent with
the Council direction. Please correct me if that's wrong.
                                                                      Page 115 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
