                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Burt to add to the Motion, “direct the CAC to develop
language providing for Coordinated Area Plans to become a regular Planning
tool.”

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, at the risk of overstaying my welcome here.
We have the same question about Item C, whether it's the Council's intent
to actually put a goal in the Comp Plan to develop policies and programs or
whether it's your direction to the CAC to develop policies and programs.

Mayor Holman: Yes, I believe it's the latter.

Council Member DuBois: Let's make a similar change. Let's finish this.

Council Member Wolbach: I have a number of amendments, so let's vote on
this one unless there's more comments.

Mayor Holman: This amendment was seconded by Council Member Burt.
Did you need to speak to this any further?

Council Member Burt: Briefly. I just want to caution. As somebody who's a
big fan of coordinated area plans, Council Member Wolbach, you're under-
appreciating the complexity of the process. I still want to see this occur, but
I don't know whether Mountain View uses the concept in a much simpler
way or what. Having gone through this, I can tell you that our use of them
languished because of how many years it took to do them. I think one of
the important things that we need to do is deconstruct our past use to
determine how we can make this tool function more efficiently. That doesn't
have to be part of the motion, but I think that can be a guidance to Staff.
That's something that I've felt and repeatedly said, that we would use them
more if we would look at how to make our process better with them.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to clear the lights and see if there are any other
comments on this. We're spending a lot of time on this one amendment.
I'm clearing the lights to see if there are any questions on this one. Seeing
none, the amendment is to direct the CAC to develop language providing for
coordinated area plans to become a regular planning tool. Before we vote
on this, I'm having a real hard time with this. It goes with what you're
saying, Council Member Burt as seconder of this. "Become a regular
planning tool" is troubling to me. I'm sorry to be spending more time on
this, because of my own comments. "To be utilized appropriately as a
planning tool" or " be utilized where appropriate as a planning tool." I need
some other kind of language there, because a "regular planning tool" speaks
to exactly what Council Member Burt's saying.

                                                                        Page 84 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
