                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I was going to point out that at the start of the
list under 18.85.101(b), it says retail-like uses including but not limited to.
When Staff is considering whether a place that sells, essentially retail,
gasoline or tires or anything, there might be some breadth here, even if we
don't articulate every conceivable use.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, can I point out please that Staff
has asked us to specifically weigh in on service stations.

Council Member Wolbach: I will, however, be supporting this Amendment.

Council Member Kniss: In a case like this, which obviously I'll support, our
real problem is lack of service stations. There were far more ten to twenty
years ago. I'm not even sure I've heard of anyone recently who wanted to
open a so-called gas station. Protecting this seems like an obvious move. I
wish there were more, so I didn't drive way out to the freeway or down to
San Antonio Road frankly.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to make one comment. Service stations are also
going to become increasingly sites to get services for EVs. The sites are
important too. I'll be supporting this.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, do you have anything else?

Council Member Filseth: No, I'm done.

Mayor Holman: Other Amendments? Does anybody else have any other
uses they want added to the list? Council Member Burt, do you have a use
that you want to add to the list?

Council Member Burt: No. I'm thinking about procedurally. We basically
treated these Amendments as if they're straw votes on how we would vote
on the primary Motion.       On the one about automotive services, I'm
interested in ultimately placing that back on the floor as part of the main
Motion, bearing in mind that as a standalone it had seven votes to two
against. There will be a decision that colleagues would need to make
whether that would be so objectionable that they would vote against the
main Motion. I want to ask procedurally would it be permissible to place
that back on the floor as an Amendment that would be part of the main
Motion.




                                                                         Page 48 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
