                         TRANSCRIPT
office/R&D which is tracked separately from other nonresidential uses. The
cumulative totals are not all that useful when we're talking about the pace of
development; they're just an incomplete picture. You have in your packet
Attachment C which shows the development on an annual basis since 2001
using this CMP data set. We've translated it into a bar graph here. You'll
see that in this period from 2001 to 2015, there were only five years that
exceeded the 50,000 square foot number that the Council proposed as a
limit. In other words, if a limit were adopted at 50,000 square feet a year,
there would be out of every 15-year period, if this is a good model, five
years in which the cap would apply and the pace of development would be
slowed. Just one caveat. The Staff Report that you have before you was
prepared in mid-April in response to the Council's direction in March, so the
data is current as of the end of March. There have been a few projects
considered by the Council since then, one in particular that's been approved
since then. The numbers have changed a little bit. The Staff Report does
contain a discussion of the land uses that could potentially be considered in
the "office/R&D category." Those are listed on this slide and on the next
slide. I should mention also that if we were to develop a pacing mechanism
that talked about office/R&D, it would not necessarily include accessory
office uses. When a retail store or a hotel has an office use associated with
it, it would not be captured. Also, the pacing mechanism would potentially
not apply to government offices, which could be considered as public uses
rather than in one of these categories. Tonight we're seeing your direction
to get a little deeper into this issue that was discussed in March. We have
divided the discussion into four points and then next steps. We'd like the
Council's input on each of one of these. The first is the boundaries that
should be included in the annual limit. The Council told us Downtown, Cal.
Ave. and El Camino. We have a map that's proposing to you what we think
those boundaries should look like, but there's some choices there. We have
a question for you on the uses that should be covered and the exemptions.
Then the process and criteria that should be used, and the pipeline projects.
For each of these in the Staff Report, we offer recommendations in a couple
of cases that's based directly on the motion that you gave us in March.
We've also offered alternatives in each case. This evening we'll make a
couple of additional observations in the course of the presentation. Let's go
to the question of boundaries. You have a hard copy map of this at places.
Essentially what we're recommending is a boundary that's based on zoning
district boundaries, rather than General Plan boundaries. If you look at that
map, you'll see the colored areas that were included in the Comprehensive
Plan monitored areas I referred to. The easiest way to look at one of the
drawbacks to using that definition is to look in the Cal. Ave./Ventura area,
where the monitored area is much smaller than the area that's actually
zoned to permit office development. By using zoning rather than Comp Plan
boundaries as a basis here, we're suggesting that you cast a broader net in
                                                                       Page 32 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
