                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Just a couple of quick things. The arguments that
this program in and of itself does not significantly alter our resiliency
through renewables is only partially correct, because it isn't in isolation. It's
in the context of our existing and our future local renewables. As page 5
shows, our technical potential in the community is around 17 percent local
renewables, which would be very significant. The 4 percent itself enables
such things as—I know that we had discussions. I don't know where we
stand today about, for instance, being able to hook in emergency power
supplies for ongoing Emergency Services at City Hall from a source that
would be able to supply power in the event of an ongoing power loss in a
severe emergency like a major quake. I also would disagree with the
argument that it doesn't cut emissions at all. These 4 megawatts would be
added to new renewable energy that would be added to the utility-scale on
other renewables that we own as a City. All that replaces brown power. It
does in the net reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Those are my comments
at this time.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Madam Mayor, can I ask a clarifying question?
Is the motion with respect to the non-solar element intended to be a
modification of Council's prior action to purchase power from the anaerobic
digester at the avoided cost?

Council Member Burt: The prior was that we replaced it as a floor or a
placeholder. I remember we had a significant discussion about this.

Ms. Ratchye: Right. There was a policy on pricing then, and that was
adopted. Also on May 12th, 2014, Council did approve a policy for payments
for it at the avoided cost. There was also a floor put in that was in another
document that was lower than that. This is explicit Council policy. It's on
page 12 of the report, on the first full paragraph. There's a hyperlink there.
You can go to where that motion is.

Council Member Burt: I would be amenable to having the power from the
Waste to Energy Program be instead continued at the avoided cost. I'd
modify the motion if the seconder agrees.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. We ended up with the right numbers. We
were talking about $310,000 of annual costs, less $154,000 of revenue from
leasing. We're looking at a 0.13 percent rate increase, not a 0.25 percent as
was stated. I do view this as a pilot program to test local generation.
Before the motion was made, I was contemplating to lower the cap a bit for
the projects in the pipeline. It's good to allow a little bit more for the
Community Solar Program to startup. The 3 megawatts or the one year
allows that. It is important to recognize that the price of solar is dropping

                                                                           Page 44 of 56
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/27/15
