                          TRANSCRIPT
with questions and comments. No one wants to go first. Council Member
Burt.

Council Member Burt: Not because I wanted to go first. First, I want to
thank Staff for putting at our places in the last few minutes the findings and
the Context Based Design Criteria. That's what we really need most of all to
be focusing on, whether a project, any project, meets these criteria. The
additional requests that the Council had for more review and study were in
response to certain concerns that were articulated about basically the ability
of the project to meet those criteria at our last Council meeting. My first
real question I guess I'll ask of Staff. I need to ask you to be as succinct as
possible because we're limited in time. We had concerns about University
Avenue and Kipling. The project as the changes have been made have
responded to those concerns. I won't say that it makes those street faces
ideal in terms of how this project responds, but I think it's a significant
response to those concerns as our Zoning Code is currently written around
them. What appears to be the case is that we have now created greater
problems in terms of how this project interacts with the alleyway. We still
have an entire wall that appears to be a solid wall—I'll call it the west, but
it's probably the southwest side of the building—that is clearly visible from
throughout University looking that way, because the buildings next door, I
think, one's even one-story right next door. Has Staff looked at solving one
problem and creating another by these design changes? I really didn't see
that addressed in a significant way in the Staff Report. I saw that the ARB
kind of did some hand-wringing over it but, as Chair Gooyer stated, the
TDRs and the zoning prevent in this case removing a fourth floor. Whether
that's setting back or removing or whatever, I was confused by that
comment and that sentiment that seemed to pervade the ARB feeling that
they didn't like it but were constrained that they were actually obligated to
allow a design that they might have found had certain incompatibilities
because they thought zoning would not allow them to insist upon another
change. That's a combination of both—boy, I can't even get that far—a
question and a comment. Can you provide any insight on your thinking on
that?

Mr. Lait: Sure, and I'll try to be brief. I think there's a couple of different
points there. One, the Architectural Review Board certainly in its initial first
three reviews did feel constrained by the Zoning Code as what it sets forth,
the standards. I think perhaps that continued over into its re-review just a
few weeks ago or a couple of months ago. One thing that I thought was
interesting is that when they looked at the project in the context of the
vicinity, I'll say, they found that when you looked at a broader area that it
achieved a compatibility. When you looked more narrowly at the structures
and mostly from Kipling, they were troubled by that. At least two of the
                                                                            Page 21 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
