                          TRANSCRIPT
Public Hearing opened at 10:39 P.M.
Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I
wanted to thank the Staff for bringing this forward. It's great that you're
looking at closing these loopholes permanently. I hope you go after other of
the loopholes. I wanted to particularly tonight address several points in the
ordinance before you. First of all, on packet page 214, they left in a
sentence that says unless an new ordinance is adopted to permanently
establish these provisions, these Zoning Code amendments shall sunset on
November 4, 2015. That is next month. I think you'd probably want to
remove that from the ordinance so that no one is confused that it may be
self-expiring. On packet page 219, there's another error which is that
although the intent of the ordinance was to remove the rule about vacant
space not having to be parked, they left that in. It starts at the very last
word of page 219. I think it starts "however," and it continues onto the next
page. It is removed from another part of the ordinance, but not this
particular part. The third change is one that's not exactly about parking, but
it is about the rules that's there. If a building is up to 3.0 FAR and it's doing
a historic renovation, it gets up to 25 percent bonus. If it's over 3.0 FAR, it
gets a 50 percent bonus. That means if you have one extra square foot on
your property, you get 25 percent more bonus which could be worth $1
million or more of TDR for one extra square foot. I don't know why the Code
has such a discontinuity in it. If you can't fix that tonight by just omitting it
or something, then my recommendation would be to add it to the omnibus
zoning changes consideration that's going through the process, so that it
could be fixed that way. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have a second member of the public who
cares to speak to this. Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members, again. As I listened to
this, I'm always impressed by how thorough you people are with all these
ordinances. It really is inspiring. It does take a long time. Really it's
something that you have to think about and that we're all going to have to
live with for a long time. I'd say congratulations. I'm (inaudible) can't be.
The concern I had though, as I was listening, is about where's the land for
all of this going to come from. Is it squirreled away some place that we
don't know about? I remember Council Member Klein a year or so ago
saying we have a lot of land in Palo Alto that we don't—this isn't the last
piece of land. Oh, really? That's a well-kept secret. If we don't have the
land for it, I'm worried because everything you do seems to have the hidden
agenda. There seems to be that unseen hand moving the Palo Alto City
Council to perform actions, every single one of which increases the value of
Palo Alto land. I'm not sure it's intentional. The thing is if you're increasing
the value of the Palo Alto land, you better get the land early, first, before it
                                                                         Page 94 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
