                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Why did the fifth ARB Member recuse themselves?

Mayor Holman: Council Members, I think we're looking for an answer here
from Staff. Jonathan, do you have an answer?

James Keene, City Manager: They're discussing it right now.

Mr. Lait: There's five Board Members. One of them recused herself from
the last proceeding. We would suspect that she would recuse herself again
for comments previously made on the project.

Council Member Scharff: Why did she recuse herself?

Mr. Lait: For comments that were previously made, before she was a Board
Member, about the project, comment letters.

Council Member Kniss: How many voted?

Mr. Lait: When the project was approved, there were four members.

Council Member Kniss: First time.

Mr. Lait: When the project went back more recently, only three members
participated. There was a vacancy, and then the recusal. There is a new
member now that's been appointed to the Board. I believe, I'm not certain
about this, that he may have an office in one of the buildings that's
scheduled to be demolished. I don't know what the tenancy is of that, if it's
a short-term or a term-long or what the implications would be.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Madam Mayor, we can ...

Council Member Scharff: Liz, I'm going to have to say no, because we may
not be able to do this.

Council Member Berman: It's impossible.

Council Member Kniss: We may never have an ARB that can fully vote.

Council Member Berman: It's a quorum. It's (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: I think City Attorney would like ...

Ms. Stump: The rules are detailed and complex. We'll take a close look at
them and we will, as we always do, endeavor to have participation from
every member who's able to participate. That may be three. We may be


                                                                         Page 40 of 132
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 11/30/15
