                          TRANSCRIPT
three years, to expire at the end of May 2018. I was wondering if you could
give us short thoughts about whether it needs to be that long a contract,
whether we might want to revisit it before that. We might decide to switch
to something else before that or in 2018. I'd mention that there is also the
reverse possibility. You might decide that we appreciate this partnership
and want to expand it. Thoughts about timeline for any modifications.

Ms. Gitelman: We envisioned this pilot RPP Program for Downtown initially
as a six-month Phase 1, and then probably a year-long Phase 2. That's our
estimate based on the Council's direction last December. We wanted a
contract of sufficient length to make sure that we could handle that period.
Obviously at the end of that pilot as we design any changes to the program,
we'd also like the ability to keep using the contractor through a transition to
whatever permanent program we put in place. This contract is of sufficient
length to give us the ability to get through the pilot and make some
decisions going forward after that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The Council committed itself to the RPP Program and
making it work in December 2014. This is a critical step to make sure that it
starts on time. We absolutely need the information from this to get an idea
of how many cars are out there and how they split and what to do about it.
I am struck though that we are using General Fund money to foster this. I
note that earlier this evening we approved a $2.9 million TDR, which is a
Transfer of Development Rights, from elsewhere into the Downtown. Our
Downtown development cap evaluation pointed out that over the last 15
years we've added 140,000 square feet of commercial space above zoning
through TDRs. That has included 532 exempt parking places. There has
been a sizable private benefit engendered in the Downtown, and part of it
has resulted in parking issues. I don't think we can grapple with the
problem without knowing the data. We need to start this program to get the
data. I am supporting the request for funding. It is important that we have
a discussion about fair share of funding. I do note that the Planning Director
has identified a date in September where the Council will have a discussion
of fiscal impacts, that I assume is the appropriate place to talk about
parking, General Funds, other sources of revenues. Is that a correct
interpretation?

Ms. Gitelman: We've talked about having a discussion of fiscal impacts in
the context of the Comprehensive Plan Update. We do hope to schedule
that sometime this fall. I think September is a little optimistic. We have
consultants working on that study right now. I should clarify that the action
before you does use General Fund support, but it's anticipated to be largely
supported by permit revenues. Until we have practice ...


                                                                         Page 43 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
