                         TRANSCRIPT
Tom Asp, CTC Technology and Energy: I just have a couple of highlight
slides to go over what I call the uses of funds. When you look at about Year
7 when kind of the estimates are stabilized, the network could be all
constructed. It kind of gives you a snapshot of what the expenses, both
what are the operating expenses that you have and what type of debt
service types of payments and replenishment funds you'd be looking at.
These numbers are based on the 72 percent estimate. If you used an influx
of say that $20 million, your amount of financing would be reduced;
therefore, your P&I payments would be, therefore, reduced and then your
construction costs would also slightly be reduced. When we look at the
construction costs, one of the key things is the estimates that are used are
using not City labor, but they're using contract construction labor but using
the prevailing wage that's required in the area. It's based on the core
outside plant, is about $40 million. Your core electronics, about $4.4 million.
Your average drop and your **** at a house, at about $760. Then about
$500 for the CP and that equipment. When you look at the key breakdowns
of the uses of funds, you're looking at about 53 percent just covering the
debt service and the ongoing network replacements. One of the things with
the electronic costs, you're having to replace those ranging from five to ten
years, depending on what level in the network they're at. What we set up
was a debt service reserve fund, a sinking fund, that is established to cover
those ongoing costs. The other piece, you do have some substantial
operating expenses. You've got about 15 percent of the usage just on the
operating expenses for the network OEM, the dark fiber. The remaining of
it, about 32 percent based on the business operations to operate the
network on a day-to-day basis as a standalone enterprise. When you look at
all the different categories of the uses of funds and the expenses that you'll
do, you have quite a few buckets, anywhere ranging from churn to bad debt,
in quite a few areas of expenses that you have to account for when you're
operating a for-choice business like this. I think a couple of key things is
you have about four of the operating buckets that account for about 85
percent of the expenses. I think those are the areas where some of the
buying power and some of the key advantages that some of the private
sector areas have. When you take somebody like Google, they may have,
like, your vendor maintenance contracts pretty well go away, because they
have a lot of that staff and expertise on hand. If you added another 10,000
subscribers to Comcast, they're not going to have to really increase the
number of customer service representatives; although, they probably
should. Their costs of scaling are so much greater, and that's one of the
challenges when you start-up kind of a start-up business like this. Again, I
think, again to repeat it, where the public sector really has the long-term—
you're taking a look at this long-term investment, being able to look at a 20
to 30 investment and kind of the dark fiber assets, and that's something that
you can do well. You can look at that long-term outlook for the financing.
                                                                        Page 16 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
