                          TRANSCRIPT
looking at having Ross Drulis and Cusenbery study up to three or four sites,
according to the Staff Report ...

Mr. Keene: That was how we came into the meeting. You can't vote on this
tonight, but clearly there's one or two of these sites that you just don't even
think are worth the effort at this stage, that we can save the time and
money in doing that. You guys don't disagree with that, do you?

Council Member Wolbach: You're just looking at the list in totality and just
wanting to make sure that we haven't ruled out any of the other options.
Speaking only for myself, all the ones on the periphery of the City are out.
All the ones by Bayshore are highly problematic again. If there is an
opportunity, a need, a desire to look at more than a single site at Sherman,
which of the highlighted options are definitely the best. We've heard a lot of
concerns, important ones, that are probably manageable around circulation
of traffic, etc. around Sherman. It's definitely at least currently the top site.
I agree with that. If there is a desire or an opportunity to look at backup
sites, my current thinking is that any other backup sites that we're looking
at, any other alternatives should be in that general vicinity, even if that
means picking up a conversation with Stanford, especially if we do encounter
problems with Sherman that haven't already been discovered. Sherman's at
the top of the list for very good reason. Really appreciate the work that
Staff's done in getting us to this position. That is it for me.

Mayor Holman: A couple or three questions. I missed something that I’m
going to ask about in a minute. I agree with pretty much everybody here.
The ones east of Bayshore are non-starters. The one on the PG&E site,
because of liquefaction issues, is a non-starter. In a way I feel like we've
been presented with three options, two of which aren't options. That's what
it feels like. It feels like we've been directed to the Sherman Avenue site.
You came up with these three for reasons that were clearly explained, but
you understand what I'm saying. It seems like we've been presented with
one possibility actually. I have a couple of questions, which other people
have brought up. The Courthouse site, I heard Council Member Kniss say
that the County has not abandoned that. They have, however, cut back
services there. They vacated some offices and those are taken up by other,
I've forgotten exactly what's there now that replaced those services. Maybe
Council Member Kniss knows, not that it matters. I don't know how big that
site is or if there's any opportunity there to co-locate. Was that considered
at all?

Mr. Sartor: Back when the Police Building Blue Ribbon Task Force did their
work, there was some communication and discussion with the County about
potentially locating a Public Safety Building on that site. We're certainly

                                                                          Page 50 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
