                         TRANSCRIPT
don't we just do the number? Really what you have is you have 1.7 left in
the cap. We start with that today on a going forward basis, and we say
everything in the City counts but only on a going-forward basis towards 1.7.
If you wanted to then monitor for historical reasons, because you feel you
have sunk costs and it's useful information, I wouldn't tell you not to do
that. I would say when you're looking at what's left in the cap. I don't know
if that was your intent, but that's what I understood.

Mr. Keene: If you combine that with a pacing mechanisms discussion, it
could be decided that you would pace that out over 20 years or 25. It's not
automatically in the 15-year period of the Plan.

Council Member Scharff: Correct.

Mayor Holman: Exactly.

Council Member Filseth: If you lock in 1.7 today, does that include the 1.3
in the Med Center or does that include ...

Mayor Holman: Again, we're talking on a going forward basis, so additional
development. Council Member Scharff, as the maker of this motion, do you
want to come up with the language that expands L-8 on a going forward
basis that the monitored areas will be Citywide? I will do it. One or the
other.

Council Member Scharff: I'm happy to do that, but the reason I was doing
that was because Council Member Filseth suggested it, but I'm not sure he's
interested in that. I haven't heard his response. I mean I ...

Mayor Holman: Whether or not, your seconder is in support of that. We
think we're capturing Council Member Filseth's concerns, at least partially.

Council Member Scharff: I'm fine with that if you want me to come up with
the language. Why don't we have a new sentence that says "Policy L-8 shall
be redrafted"—think about it for just a second. Policy L-8 shall capture the
idea that we have a 1.7 left on the cap and that that cap will apply Citywide.
Does that capture that or not?

Mr. Keene: Generally, yes.

Council Member Scharff: A million square feet of development left.

Council Member Filseth: I'm probably going to vote against that.

Council Member Scharff: Then I'm not going to offer that if you're going to
vote against it. That's what I was saying.
                                                                      Page 116 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
