                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a quick comment on that. We have limited to
what? 2,100 employee permits in the current RPP District. Obviously
there's been some spillover. We don't know whether it's 200 or 500 or 800.
That's the critical question. If it's a large number, if you go to zero in those
outlined areas, they'll all come back and recreate the problem we started
with. Phase 2 has to answer that question, what is the spillover. Burt, did
you want to ...

Council Member Burt: I think I have four things that I'd like to have Staff
and the stakeholder group evaluate and return with recommendations on.
The first is additional data gathering by Staff and leveraging partners, and
then I'll explain what I mean by that. In my explanation, not part of the
motion, is that we have the neighborhood folks who have been data
gatherers and have volunteered to do additional data gathering. We have
Friends of Caltrain. We haven't, to my knowledge, surveyed the Caltrain
riders to find out what happened when we excluded them from permits.
Where are they parking? What did they used to do? What are they doing
now? We have Stanford. We pushed out in theory who would jump on the
Marguerite and park in the neighborhood. Stanford has this incredible
Transportation Management Agency with their own great TDM program. I'm
not aware of us engaging with them and having them be part of at least the
data part if not the solution part. The first one is data gathering by Staff
and leveraging partners. The second is to recommend the number of worker
permits in the annexed areas. My comment to that, not part of the motion,
would be at most it should be significantly lower than what is in the
concentrated areas. I am concerned that possibly if we eliminate any
worker permits, we could have another overflow which is just outside the
annexed areas. These are hopefully reasonable compromises we can come
up with. The third is evaluate variable pricing or discriminatory pricing,
which I prefer variable pricing as a term. I'll just comment to that to say
that I think that this is really potentially something we should evaluate. I
know Council Member DuBois had a concern about it, but it just seems
logical that if you have to buy a permit, and it’s a half mile or a mile away,
that ought to be cheaper. We'll see. I'll defer to that recommendation. The
final one is to review the pros and cons of one block side parking for workers
in the most highly impacted areas. My comment to that is meaning that in
each zone you get a concentration of the parkers right at the edge of that
zone, and those are the blocks where you may want to look at one side.
That's the only way you're going to let people on those streets have parking.
Otherwise, within a zone you get some folks who—we can kind of see it
here—got great benefit and others who got none.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Kniss, how does that sound to you?

                                                                        Page 67 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
