                             MINUTES
Consent Calendar

Molly Stump, City Attorney, noted an at-places memorandum. With respect
to Agenda Item Number 6- Appeal of Director of Planning and Community
Environment’s Individual Review Approval of a New Two-Story Home located
at 3864 Corina Way, there was an inadvertent communication between a
quorum of the Council. The involved Council Members disclosed their
communications in the record. As Council Members considered their interest
in removing a Consent Item in the future, Council Members should notify the
City Manager of their interest on an individual basis.

James Keene, City Manager, inquired whether the City Attorney mentioned
the going forward date.

Ms. Stump replied no.    Council Members needed to remove Agenda Item
Number 6.

Jean Tooker Stephens, appellant, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 6.
The Planning Department disagreed with the two basis for appeal. The rear
of the home had been placed on the interior side setback. Her privacy was
impacted by walkways, entrances, and a patio. The proposed house did not
fit the IR Guidelines as written.

Bob Marinaro spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 6. He supported the
appellant. The developer was not considering the best interests of the
neighborhood.    The Council should support the residents of the
neighborhood.

Shani Kleinhaus spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 6. If the house fit
the guidelines, then Staff needed better direction with regard to interpreting
the guidelines. Notice of the second design was not posted at the site.

Glen Fisher spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 6. The proposed home
would be visible to both the first and second floors of his home. The
presence of the proposed home could be mitigated if the site layout was
more appropriate. The second design of the house was never noticed on the
lot. The proposed home would be 50 percent larger than any other home in
the neighborhood.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois, third by Mayor Holman, and fourth by Vice Mayor Schmid to pull
Agenda Item Number 6 to be heard on February 23, 2015 on the Action
Agenda.




02/02/2015                                                             116- 435
