                          TRANSCRIPT
round, so be it. Could I suggest that we do three-minute rounds that are
questions only, and then we'll come back for comments and Motions.
Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Madam Mayor. I wanted to just kind
of follow-up on this issue of amortization and the ability to, I believe it says
make substantial investments. I'll kind of just get all my questions out
before I give you guys an opportunity to answer them. One question is
what's the definition of substantial investment. The second is—I'm just not
necessarily understanding—maybe just the law doesn't say this. If that's the
case, then it's a questionable law. Once an amortization study is conducted,
somebody's on notice that a community is considering limiting their ability to
operate their operations as they currently are at some date in the future. I
just don't understand why somebody would be able to—once they're on
notice, once there's a clear understanding that a community is uncertain
about whether or not they want that company to be conducting those
operations in a certain area, why they could then just make a substantial
investment and restart that clock. I'm just still not really understanding how
that—if that is really what the law says. If it is, then it is. That just seems
to fly in the face of why anyone would go through this process at all. Maybe
I'm misunderstanding things.

Ms. Stump: This will be a tag team effort. The legal and planning issues
overlap closely. Council Member Berman, Planning Director will jump in at
some point, I'm sure. Thank you. The question about investment. The
question is capital investments that are subject to depreciation that the law
requires the municipality to recognize in the amortization process. As the
Planning Director indicated, there hasn't been a building permit issued. It is
possible that there are investments that are of a nature that would need to
be taken into account, if the amortization period were reached other than by
a process that involved agreement. Additional investments do not restart
the clock. They may in fact add to the company's property right in the sense
that there are some additional items there that they're entitled to get the
economic value out of before their use is terminated.

Council Member Berman: I'm going to interrupt, just because I see I have
the yellow light. I better get my questions out, and then let you guys
answer after it buzzes. That's to say that if—let's say two years before
whatever amortization period is decided upon is to end, a company decides
to invest $1 million in that facility. They would then have a legal right to the
benefit of that investment?

Ms. Stump: Many amortizations programs do include an exception process
where companies are able to request adjustments towards the end of the

                                                                             Page 62 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
