                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I don't think it would be a Code cleanup. I think it's a policy
discussion, if we choose to have it.

Ms. Stump: It sounds like there are policy considerations. My suggestion
would be that you allow the Staff to review it and if the Staff believes that
it's something that we would professionally recommend, that we would bring
that back to the Council in an appropriate forum. Even a policy cleanup is
something that comes back to Council for full discussion.

Mayor Holman: I guess what I was trying to get clarification on is, like, is it
a policy concern of the Council. I did not hear it included in your motion.
It's not a Code cleanup; it's a policy discussion.

Council Member Scharff:       I'm happy with what the City Attorney just
suggested.

Ms. Stump: Mayor Holman, also, the item is not on the agenda tonight. It
really isn't suitable for a full discussion tonight, in addition to the fact that
we're not prepared on the topic (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Right. I just wanted to know if it was going to be included
in the motion or not. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: City Attorney, where is that third reference?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:              It's on
packet page 215, subparagraph 5.

Vice Mayor Schmid: 215, paragraph 5.

Mayor Holman: Yes, Number 5.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights. With that, we are ready to vote on
the board. That passes unanimously. Thank you very much.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Resolution 9551 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Combating Human Trafficking, Including Staff Training, Assistance
      in Identifying Vulnerable Populations and Legislative Advocacy.”
Mayor Holman: We now can move to Item Number 14 which is a Colleagues
Memo recommending adoption of a Resolution combating human trafficking
including Staff training, assistance in identifying vulnerable populations and

                                                                         Page 97 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
