                         TRANSCRIPT
infrastructure we're talking about. The right Staff with the right demeanor
and style are very important. At the same time, it's a decision support
system in who's communicating to who, where the contractor has a single
point of contact with the City, and there's clarity on how decisions, how
questions are answered and the timeframe in which those happen. That's
during construction. The same applies during design, having clear ability to
make decisions.     Again, that's especially where it can be challenging,
because those decisions are design decisions. They effect the vision, the
intent of a project and ultimately can be difficult decisions if the driver is
schedule, if that becomes the critical point in order to maintain costs.
There's some tradeoffs that need to be made along the way. Ultimately,
having the organizational infrastructure and the discipline to keep working
through those issues are the key components to being able to deliver a
program of this magnitude.

Mayor Holman: I think what would be helpful in Council Members making a
decision about what happens or what doesn't happen in terms of bringing on
additional Staff is if we could—we've never seen this. We've had dialog
about what didn't work well at Mitchell Park Library. We've never seen, to
my knowledge, what went so very well at Rinconada Library. Drawing those
down, doing some kind of comparison, why did this not work, what were the
failings on this one, just kind of in chart form and very visual graphic form
and then what went so very well with Rinconada Library. I don't mean to
paint a picture that we can't do this, but we can do this. Clearly, we have
the capability somehow or other, because we had so many projects that
went really well this last year. Then, we had this major failing with Mitchell
Park Library. If we can draw some kind of graphic, grid kind of format of—I
think it'll help Council Members and the public to understand what kind of
positions we might need to inter-fill here. Jim.

Mr. Keene: Thank you for that. I'm glad that you kind of corrected. When I
was listening to you the first time and sort of what maybe some of the
community chatter has been, I would take issue with the characterization
that the City does good projects and does bad projects. I think it's a rarity
that we don't deliver a good project and so often many of these complicated
projects actually meeting or under-budget or on schedule. Mitchell Park,
clearly in the past number of years a real anomaly that really was more of a
situation of having the wrong contractor and, in many ways, having the
wrong construction manager. Like any bad relationship, managing through
that and extricating oneself from it gets to be really difficult. That's what
happened. I still don't want to lose sight of the fact—I know that the Council
shares this. We have an award-winning building that was delivered under
the budget in the end. The issue was the mess at the time of being engaged
in really just a bad relationship. Could we have said we might have had
                                                                        Page 24 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
