                          TRANSCRIPT
things. Neither hand has very much in it when it comes to dealing with
salvage. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I just wanted to say that I think everyone is wholly
behind the goals of where we're going here. We don't want to lose time in
making this rich resource available to our community. I think it is important
to come back and look carefully, but let's make sure that it moves on
promptly. We will be responsive.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just wondering what this is going to do to your
schedule in terms of starting to enforce it in April.

Mr. Bobel: We do have a State requirement for April. We'll see. We've
done, I think, good enough outreach on this that I don't think it's going to
shock anybody if they get less than the roughly six months that they'd have
now. We'll cut into the time a little bit. Let us see if we can't stay with the
same schedule for that April 1st start date and still get to Finance and get
back.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I'd just like to say I don't feel strongly, I
guess, one way or another about it going to Finance. I think if we wanted
Staff to come back with changes and bring it back to Council. Again, I think
for what it is on the composting side and not so much the salvage side, to
me it looked pretty good. I'm just concerned about adding extra work and
extra process here. I'm not going to fight it if everybody else feels like we
need to do that.

Mayor Holman: I think you've gotten a number of comments this evening. I
think you've heard this pretty much; while we do have some concerns and
comments, really appreciate the goal you're trying to achieve and the work
that you've done to this point in time. I'd sort of anticipated this which is
why I was asking you to make the copious notes. Appreciate that you've
done that. With that, we'll vote on the board. The motion is to refer the
ordinance to Finance Committee. That motion passes unanimously. Thank
you, Council Members and Staff.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

8.    Comprehensive Plan Update: Comprehensive Plan Structure, Including
      Goals, Vision Statements, and Related Issues for Each Element (Part
      III: Land Use and Community Design).



                                                                        Page 31 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
