                         TRANSCRIPT
instances. That, again, could be changed depending on how the Council
feels about adding banks and financial services to the list of protected uses.
Sorry to go deep into those details, but I thought it was worth taking the
time. Also just to note, there are a couple of waivers in the Ordinance
before you, in response to legal requirements.          We're proposing an
Ordinance for economic hardship and another for multifamily housing to
allow the Council to make one of the required findings. In both cases, we're
saying that the applicants would have to provide substantial evidence
including an economic analysis and that it would be the Council that got to
make the decision about whether a waiver should be granted. Finally, in
terms of next steps, if this Ordinance is adopted this evening, it would be
effective immediately and for a period of 45 days. In that timeframe, Staff
would be working to prepare an extension of the Interim Ordinance. We
would also be working on an identical Ordinance that would be adopted
through the regular process with a hearing at the Planning and
Transportation Commission, two readings at the Council. Finally, we would
begin development of permanent adjustments to the Zoning Regulations.
The Council meeting next week on the 18th contains the first of likely
several discussions about retail protections on California Avenue and what
form those should take. We also, as you know, have underway a consultant
analysis of retail trends in Downtown, and we'll be bringing the results of
that study and recommendations regarding Downtown back to Council as
soon as we can. With that, we'd be happy to answer any questions. Of
course, we're interested in hearing the public comment this evening,
comments and questions from the Council.

Public Hearing opened at 8:20 P.M.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. This is
something that we've needed for years. We've had a real problem with
offices replacing ground-floor retail. One of the obvious reasons is that
office rents are much higher than retail rents. The property owner can make
more money by going to offices. If we have too many offices on a block, I
don't know what the right number is, whether it's 10 percent or 20 percent
or 30 percent, but at some point the offices make the retail much less
desirable and much less economical. People want to be able to shop in a
number of different stores, just go walking down the street. If they have to
go down three or four doors in order to get past the offices, it makes it less
economical, less successful.     Offices, of course, also have a lot more
employees per square foot than retail. That creates traffic and parking
problems. It hurts the jobs-housing ratio, which over time puts a lot of
pressure on developing more housing in Palo Alto. This creates financial
problems all the way around. We do need to preserve the retail and limit
the office conversions. In the Staff Report, I did notice that when they refer
                                                                         Page 20 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
