                         TRASNCRIPT
Keith Reckdahl: Thank you. Good evening. As you mentioned, I am the
Chair of the Parks and Rec. I'm speaking for myself tonight; this hasn't
been cleared with the rest of the Commission. I suspect it's representative,
but no guarantees. On the Commission, we deal with a lot of "in the
trenches" work, where should the swing sets go, where should the picnic
tables go, that type of stuff. The questions that we're dealing with are
immediate, and they're very specific. Now, the Master Plan is almost just
the opposite. We're dealing with big-picture concerns and they're big-
picture concerns way in the future. It's really a change of pace for us. One
of the things that concerns us is that sometimes when you have the big-
picture study, they can be so nebulous that they don't provide anything
useful. Early on, we pushed back and really wanted the big-picture look, but
we wanted actionable data.        We wanted something that, when we're
deciding where to put the swing sets or the community gardens, how many
community gardens do we need and how many swing sets do we need. We
wanted data to go along with the big-picture recommendations. In specific,
what does the community want right now and how will the community be
changing and how will those needs be changing in the future? Those are the
two big issues that we wanted some support. Both the Staff and the
consultants, they've been very good in accommodating our requests. We've
made their life a little more hectic, but they've been very helpful. We
appreciate that. The two things that I really wanted to point out is over the
years we've had a lot of requests for bathrooms. Yet, when we go to the
park planning and outreach meetings, we have a lot of neighbors that say,
"Don't put a bathroom in our park."            We want to know which is
representative, the people who are requesting the bathrooms or the people
who don't want them. This park survey that we did late last year was very
good. It provided very strong support for bathrooms, so now we know. It's
just not guessing from anecdotal responses; we have data that shows the
public really wants bathrooms. We're going to find that very useful. The
other thing is that we have limited budgets, and we can't do everything we
want. Now, what priority do we put on things? Do we put nature back in
the parks or do you put other things, soccer fields? What do the people
want and what do the people need? This upcoming prioritization study will
be very useful, because it tells the community, you have a fixed amount of
money, tell us what your priorities are. Do you want to split them evenly?
Do you want to put all your money into soccer fields? Do you want to put all
your money into flowers in the parks? That's going to be very useful for us
when we're planning future parks, to say what should we put in that park.
We've done a lot of work so far; there's still a lot of work left. We're
confident that we've made very good progress the last few months. We're
very optimistic that this Park Master Plan will give us something that's big
picture, stretch us, tell us information that we hadn't thought of. When
you're sitting on the Commission, it's kind of a mind thing; you always think
                                                                      Page 18 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
