                          TRANSCRIPT
for a Statement of Overriding Considerations? I'm struggling with that. I
don't know if the applicant would want to offer something else. We'll see
where the comments come down if there are any. That's my struggle with
this, precedent setting with the statement. We'll vote on the board. That
motion passes on a 6-2-1 vote with Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Member
Holman voting no, Council Member DuBois abstaining.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:                 6-2 Schmid, Holman no, DuBois
abstaining

Council Member Wolbach: First I'd like to say thank you to Council Member
Burt. I had mentioned the idea of a stop sign or traffic calming a couple of
times earlier in the discussion. Nobody picked up on it at all. Thank you for
offering your thoughts on that. Directing Staff to install a stop sign is
premature, but I wanted to make sure we had a conversation about it. I
would like to call for a condition of approval stipulating adoption of the
parking alternative.

Council Member Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to:

A.    Adopt a Record of Land Use Action approving the Architectural Review
      application for a new office building for the property located at 2555
      Park Boulevard, with the following amendment:

      1.    Add a condition of approval Selecting Parking Option Number
            Two – the applicant shall be required to submit a Transportation
            Demand Management (TDM) plan including the provision of
            Caltrain Go Passes to all building occupants annually for the life
            of the building/occupancy.

Council Member Wolbach: As I stated before, this helps alleviate a number
of concerns. It improves parking at the site by providing visitor parking. It
diminishes the queuing problem; it probably doesn't eliminate it completely,
but it improves that. It is certainly part of the direction that we should
move, of getting developers and employers to get their employees out of
their single occupancy vehicles. I am confident that on an average day of
employees coming to that building, given the proximity to Caltrain, that it
will more than make or at least compensate for the reduction of ten spaces.

Council Member Scharff: It does two things. It goes with our policy of
getting people out of their cars. It reduces the traffic trips in the EIR, which
is what we want. It has better guest parking. That will make a much better
                                                                         Page 96 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
