                         TRASNCRIPT
acres for Council's consideration. That completes the presentation. We're
available for any questions.

Mayor Holman: Could you restate something. A least to a couple of us it
wasn't clear. You said that the Acterra lease was scheduled to expire this
month?

Mr. Anderson: Yes, the beginning of August.

Mayor Holman: Staff extended it for five years. I couldn't understand what
the ...

Mr. Anderson: I'm sorry. On April 23, the lease was renewed for an
additional five years. There was a condition in their existing lease that they
could add on five years with City Manager approval. It was done through
the Real Estate Department. An additional five years was added on. The
new lease is five years from April 23.

Mayor Holman: I'm not understanding then how that lease could terminate
with the hydrology study being concluded.

Mr. Anderson: It's the clause that allows for a 90-day termination on either
party's part.

Mayor Holman: That's the part I didn't understand. That helps. I have no
public comment on this item. Chair Reckdahl, did you have any comments
that you wanted to make?

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: We do have cards; I just didn't have them yet. Before we
go to the public, do we have results of the UAC vote?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Madam Mayor, we do. We have Council Member
Berman voting for Mark Harris; Council Member Burt voting for Arne
Ballantine; Council Member DuBois voting for Arne Ballantine; Council
Member Filseth voting for Arne Ballantine; Mayor Holman voting for Arne
Ballantine; Council Member Scharff voting for Arne Ballantine; Vice Mayor
Schmid voting for Arne Ballantine; and Council Member Wolbach voting for
Arne Ballantine. With seven votes, Arne Ballantine is appointed to the UAC.

Mayor Holman: It's like a heavyweight bout. Thank you, once again, to
everyone who applied. It obviously was a difficult choice to make. I do
encourage other people to stay involved and continue your interest in the
City of Palo Alto, of course. Thank you to the City Clerks to finish that
voting. We have three speakers who wish to speak to this. Alexandra Von
                                                                       Page 48 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
