                         TRANSCRIPT
can invest. They can neutralize the supply and demand, so that when they
hire people, they don't displace the people that are living already there.
Things like that. I think we need to also allow people to earn more. All the
owners are making a lot of money. I think greed cannot be the only thing.
The owners are not the only ones that are making all the money. I think we
need to go to $20 an hour wage (inaudible) and pay them more, so they can
afford to pay $3,000, $4,000 for a one-bedroom. I don't think we want to
change the quality of life. There's only so much land. We need to work with
Stanford. It's only a City for about 60,000, 70,000 people. We can't be
having 100,000, 200,000 people here; it's just not possible. I think that's
the reality. We need a lot of capital that's coming from industry into the
housing, not just the way that we're doing it, to allow a neutralizing, rapid
inflation, 40 percent increase in the housing and all that. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you all. Thank you to all the members of the public
who came this evening. Bringing this back to the Council then, we'll be
addressing the Community Services and Facilities first as you can see on the
screen. When we conclude that portion of the item, we will then look to see
if we will be able to get through land use this evening or if we will need to
continue that to another meeting, as was previously mentioned by Staff. I
have lights from Council Member Berman and Council Member DuBois.
Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I actually got all wrapped up in the public
comments about the land use, and was prepared to talk about that. I'll wait
and keep those comments until we get to that element.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that.       Do understand it's just going to be
more orderly if we do one at a time.

Council Member Berman: Totally understand.

Mayor Holman: As the Staff has on the screen. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think I'm going to attempt to address community
services pretty quickly, so maybe we can move to land use. If it's okay, I've
actually just emailed a motion to David. A couple of things, I guess. In
terms of Policy C-28, the acreage per resident, I'm in favor of retaining that
as is.    We heard from one of the members of our Parks and Rec
Commission; I've heard from some others. They prefer to see it both in the
Comp Plan and the Master Plan. I think the quantitative parts of our Comp
Plan are important. This is one of the few places where we have a kind of
quantitative metric. I'm sure when the previous Comp Plan was written, it
was very difficult to agree on these quantitative numbers, as it will be now.
They were able to do it, and I think we need to try to do that as well. It's
                                                                       Page 51 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
