                          TRANSCRIPT
those jobs primarily. We now have to look at whether it's wisest to spend
those tens of millions of dollars on a water distribution system parallel to our
potable water distribution system, or to invest it in advanced recycling
technology of potable water that would either be percolated back into the
ground or blended or other decisions that we have on the horizon. These
are really important decisions and ones that we need to begin to agendize
and give some at least preliminary policy direction which will probably mean
initiating studies, perhaps by the Santa Clara Valley Water District to give us
a data-based foundation for alternatives in which way we should go. Right
now we aren't taking either direction because we're like deer caught in the
headlights. We don't know which of these major capital investments to go
down, and we need to begin to tackle that. That coupled with water
efficiency use in the homes, water recapture that we've heard about through
gray water and otherwise, and then water efficiency in our landscaping
which is an even bigger factor. It's not smart to grow rice in the desert. It's
not long term very smart to have big lawns that we don't have insects and
birds that can rely off of natural ecosystems in our vegetation, but instead
they're green, sterile land. They look great. They feel cool. They aren't
progressive. We should have them where they're recreational and people
actually use them. To have big landscapes for decorative lawns is probably
not a wise solution. We're going to need to move in that direction. That
alone is a big impact. The water issue is imminently solvable as much as it
feels overwhelming in the midst of this drought. I want to talk about a
couple of the other aspects that we've been addressing. The notion of
renewable energy credits, whether they be electricity or gas, we treated
them as a bridge for our renewable electricity supply. That's the way we
should think of them in natural gas. They're not the long-term solution, but
they may help us get from where we are to where we are intending to go. I
also want to encourage Staff to look at within our natural gas another partial
solution, which is renewable natural gas. There are supplies available. We
have Compressed Natural Gas dispensing for vehicles, our municipal fleet
and for the public. My understanding is this is a no-cost impact alternative.
I'm frankly disappointed we haven't yet moved anywhere on evaluating that.
I want to encourage Staff to look at renewable natural gas. We, for
instance, use it as part of our renewable energy from landfill natural gas.
These are the sorts of sources that are now being able to be purchased for
natural gas. We may have a multifaceted approach on this fuel switching
and gas, which is switching to heat pumps and other electric-based utilities
and renewable natural gas and building efficiency that reduces the need for
use of natural gas. As I was saying earlier with the Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC), we may not have the end solution in sight, but we can
begin moving down that path. If it's getting 25 percent reduction in our
natural gas in the next five to ten years, then at that time we start looking
at what's the plan for the remainder. I want to look at the broad goal. Gil

04/20/2015                                                              117- 294
