                          TRANSCRIPT
you want to continue asking questions of Staff, if you want to save your
questions, written or otherwise, for Mr. Bartel, or if you have thoughts or a
motion about this going to Finance versus the full Council. Looking for what
the Council's direction might be for this.

Council Member Burt: I'd just as soon go ahead and direct questions to
Staff and those that they can answer in whole or in part, great. Otherwise,
they've captured them for Mr. Bartel.      That doesn't mean we can't
supplement with other written.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not sure, Pat, whether you meant to eliminate
the Finance Committee or not. It would seem to me as though this is one of
those ideal things to go to Finance where it can be distilled even more. This
is such a complicated topic. Then come back to Council after it goes through
those deliberations and comes back to Mr. Bartel. Otherwise, I feel that
we're—this is a big topic. There are nine of us. Starting with four would be,
I would think, advantageous.

Council Member Berman: I guess my (inaudible) question is what are we
trying to do. I felt like this was very helpful as an informational and a Study
Session, and it'd be great to follow up with questions for Mr. Bartel. Are we
trying to drive towards does the City want to take some action to address
the issue? I just don't know what the goal was. That would help determine,
for me, whether or not we need to go to Finance for more or kind of what
the next steps are.

Mayor Holman: Lalo might have actually a best response to this. Certainly
tonight we're not going to take action.

Mr. Perez: I think given the unfunded liability that we have, it'd be good for
us to work on potential options for you to consider. One of the goals for us
would be to at least, one, understand the issue as a community. Second,
understand our options in light of everything else that we have, all our other
obligations, infrastructure and so on. We believe that there are options for
you to consider on how to address it. It's a matter of having that talk and
education about what the options are, what the pros and cons are. It could
be something that could go to the Finance Committee. I'll look to Jim as
well to give you more of his opinion. We can work out some of the details
and then bring it back with more concrete information as to what it would
mean. If we go to a trust, how would we fund it? What ideas do we have?
What potential methodologies we could use to explore. John mentioned that
some other agencies have a three-legged stool approach when there's
excess revenues. We've been fortunate the last few years that we've had
some excess revenues, and we purposely, through Jim's recommendations

                                                                         Page 16 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/9/15
