                          TRANSCRIPT
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Berman to direct Staff to investigate increasing Business
Registry participation, up to and including increasing late fees.

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, it was a Substitute Motion.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it.

Council Member Scharff: This is an important issue, and I'm glad Council
Member DuBois raised it. I don't think we have a lot of information at this
late hour. To be prescriptive and to say, without much thought, "Let's do it
on a monthly basis." You want Staff to give it some thought like they
normally do, vet it and come back to us with how do we solve this issue. It
may very well be increasing monthly fees. There may be other things that
need to be done as well. It's a mistake late at night to use the budget
process to be prescriptive without vetting the process. There's a lot of
things we could do that's in the budget. We're unhappy with leaf blowers,
for instance. Let's do similar things. We need to think this through and
solve the issue, but give Staff latitude to come up with what they think is the
right approach.

Council Member Berman: I agree. It's definitely a problem that we haven't
had the uptake that we wanted or anticipated. We did anticipate that it
would take some time, but clearly results haven't been what we were
looking for. We might find, we probably will find that there are a lot broader
problems than just the size of the late fee. This allows us to accomplish the
concern that Council Member DuBois raised, that the late fee might not be
large enough, but it allows us to also take a look at other possible solutions
to increasing the sign-up rate for the Business Registry. At the end of the
day, that's the goal.

Council Member Burt: I don't disagree with that. The only thing the Council
needs to act is directing a fee increase. Staff on their own, I would assume,
is looking at a variety of measures to improve the uptake, but we would
have to authorize a fee increase. I'm seeing the City Manager nod his head.
You're not sitting on your hands as a Staff and doing nothing or thinking of
nothing about how to improve the uptake on the Business Registry. Is that
correct?

Mr. Keene: Yes, that's correct. However it comes to us, a discussion with
Council is obviously nearing. Do you know what I mean? We're going to
have some ...



                                                                         Page 75 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
