                          TRANSCRIPT
plans to determine what amount of additional or not additional office would
be included in the cap.

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor.

Mayor Holman: Can I say—I think we've gotten ahead of ourselves a little
bit.

Mr. Keene: Yeah, I was ...

Mayor Holman: I think we've gotten ahead of ourselves a little bit. We're
looking ...

Mr. Keene: It's a good discussion, but if you could bifurcate it ...

Mayor Holman: It needs to ... (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: That's right. It came up under a boundary. Maybe
it's ...

Mayor Holman: It did.

Mr. Keene: I think that if we could be cognizant that—if you could deal with
the Stanford issue, then Council Member DuBois can be here for the
discussion.

Council Member Burt: All right. Let me then—after I spoke extensively to
that, let me leave it for a moment. On the Stanford side, we had significant
discussion about under what conditions we would exclude Stanford from the
initial office cap. I spoke to that at the Council meeting at the time.
Stanford had made—there were reasons why they potentially should be
carved out. The most important thing in my mind was that they would need
to demonstrate between now and the adoption of the Comp Plan that they
had implemented a comprehensive transportation demand management
program for the Research Park. I didn't see any follow-up on that. Is there
any development? This influences my and perhaps others' determination on
whether they should or should not be included in the cap.

Ms. Gitelman:     Thank you, Council Member Burt.              I do recall that
conversation and the Council exhorting us to work with Stanford as we
developed the Comprehensive Plan to make sure that issue was thoroughly
addressed. We have a member of Stanford's team on our CAC for the Comp
Plan Update.     We fully intend to include something, as the Council
suggested, in the policies and programs in the Comprehensive Plan. We
have not yet developed the plan language, come up with the requirements
or gotten to any level of specificity. I do also recall that it was the Council's
                                                                         Page 83 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
