                          TRANSCRIPT
If I look at Numbers 3, 4 and 5 on the list, that adds up to almost 90,000
square feet. Am I correct? 28, 29, 29. It's 2747 Park, 3045 Park, 2755 El
Camino. As I recall that is the PC that's at the corner of Page Mill and El
Camino. Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Kniss: That one has been on hold for a long period of time.
Most of them at this point, if the application is incomplete, what will it take
to complete Numbers 3 and 4?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question, Council Member Kniss. As I
indicated earlier and as it says here at the top of the table, this data was as
of the end of the first quarter, so as of March 31st. It may be that those
applications are now already complete. I would have to check with the Staff
involved in processing those.      Typically an application is reviewed for
completeness within the first 30 days. We give the applicant a laundry list
of items necessary to complete the application, and then they typically work
diligently to provide us with those items. It may be that those and the
others that are designated as incomplete here may already be complete. I
don't have the information right in front of me.

Council Member Kniss:     We're sure Number 5 is incomplete, because that
was a PC.

Ms. Gitelman: The PC, we don't know if it's complete. It hasn't even been
reviewed for completeness, because it's been on hold.

Council Member Kniss: If it's a PC, we've got our PCs on hold. As I look at
the other two though, unless those applications were incomplete as we look
at this tonight, it looks as though that 119, at least 90 of that is in question.
I'm hearing you say there's a possibility that in the last three months, 2 1/2
months, those have gone to completion, but we don't know that. Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know that this evening. I could certainly find out for
you.

Council Member Kniss: Because we're looking at something as sensitive as
the pipeline, which we've brought up a number of times before, it would
seem as though, looking at this, those are the three big ones under the 119.
If you were to take 90 away from that, you'd end up with a pretty different
figure. Looks to me like you end up with about 30,000. I'm simply calling
that out. I can certainly tell that the PC one on hold is probably not going to
come back for while. As far as the rest of them, it would help if we did know
whether or not those were complete.
                                                                         Page 40 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
