                               MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman reiterated that she would have to provide a response at a later
time.

Council Member Wolbach inquired whether the Council could add a
Conditional Use Permit to require occupants park onsite as suggested in
public comment.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the Council could adjust or add to the Conditions
of Approval within reason. She cautioned the Council about adding a
Condition of Approval that would be difficult to monitor or enforce.

Council Member Scharff requested Ms. Gitelman relate her experience of
whether sharing of parking was feasible.

Ms. Gitelman reported that was a typical provision to reduce parking
requirements in a mix of uses. In her experience, it was warranted and it
did work. Those types of uses peaked at different times; therefore, she did
not anticipate all parking spaces would be filled for both uses at the same
time. Some modification or adjustment was typical and warranted.

Council Member Scharff seemed to recall that use of parking exemptions
began in the 1990s. He asked about the length of time that had been tested
and tried.

Ms. Gitelman did not recall.

Mayor Holman inquired whether the proposed parking included spaces at the
curb that were slated for removal.

Ms. Gitelman did not believe so, but could not recall the number of spaces
being removed.

Mayor Holman noted the street trees were located by the building, rather
than on the street side of the sidewalk. Placing the trees next to the
building seemed to be unsafe and unappealing for pedestrians.       She
requested a rationale for placing the trees against the building.

Mr. Reich reported Staff spent a great deal of time working with the
Applicant to locate trees between the street and sidewalk. The location of
existing utilities prevented that from occurring.

Mr. Northway believed the number of parking spaces being removed was
five and some driveways would be closed. He had assumed the existing
trees would remain; however, the County would not allow trees in its
easement.

                                                                      Page 19 of 39
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 1/26/2015
