                           TRANSCRIPT
percent enclosed, it's not excluded from floor area. I know elsewhere you've
made a ruling about exterior walls. At what point does a porch become an
exterior wall? Is it 50 percent covered?

Mr. Lait: Is the reference to exterior walls in the basement definition?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Mr. Lait: A porch would not be construed as a—the potions of the porch
open to the elements would not be construed as exterior walls.

Vice Mayor Schmid: An exterior wall is covering 90 ...

Mr. Lait: It's the exterior walls of habitable space is a way of looking at it.
The exterior walls of the building would be the exterior walls to the habitable
space inside. If you have a recessed porch or a corner cutout of a porch, if a
corner of your house is notched in like for a recessed porch, the exterior wall
would be the wall, not the porch.

Vice Mayor Schmid: On the porch.

Mr. Lait: Not the porch.

Vice Mayor Schmid: How much has to be covered? I mean you have a nice
window there.

Mr. Lait: I'll let Amy speak to the percent coverage. I wanted to make clear
the distinction as it related to basements. To the 50 percent.

Ms. French: If it is gross floor area, if it's considered floor area, this kind of
thing, it still doesn't mean—if you're talking about basements—that that's a
place to put a basement.

Mr. Lait: It's not a (inaudible).

Ms. French: Right. No, but I think it's relating back to that. Am I right?
Okay. If you have a porch that has partial walls, that's going to be 50
percent open. It might be more than 50 percent enclosed. Still it's not
considered a wall that encloses interior, heated space. It's still a porch. As
it relates back to footprint ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: It is a different definitional issue.

Ms. French: Correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

                                                                          Page 58 of 110
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 12/7/15
