                          TRANSCRIPT
Transportation Commission recommended rezoning only 47 parcels with
frontage with Metro Circle and Moffett Circle.       Does Staff have a
presentation? I know there are members of the public who want to speak to
this item, but I don't have the cards yet.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:                 Mayor
Holman, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director.

Mayor Holman: Excuse me just a second. If members of the public who are
here for the last item, if you would move to the lobby, it would help us be
able to move forward with the next item. Including City Manager Keene.
Staff, thank you.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. We're getting our presentation organized. We do have a brief
PowerPoint, and then we'll turn it over to public comment. Mayor Holman,
Council Members, I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I'm joined by
Amy French who's been handling these single-story overlay applications for
the department. I'm going to turn this over to her for a brief summary.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official: Good evening, Mayor and Council
Members. This may not be as brief as the last time I spoke to you on the
Los Arboles, simply because there is a bit more discussion for this one. The
goal of single-story overlays, of course, is to preserve and maintain
predominantly single-story neighborhood character.       They end up with
common home remodeling constraints. In this case, because it's a flood
zone, the 17-foot height limit that is normally put in place for single-story
overlays can go up commensurate with the amount of fill that is needed to
get the finished first floor up above the base flood elevation, in this case
10.5 feet with a maximum of 20 feet above grade for those new homes.

Mayor Holman: Would you state that again please?

Amy French: Yes. It's a bit complex; there's a formula. New homes in a
single-story overlay typically are limited to 17 feet in height. In a flood
zone, because there's a base flood elevation of 10.5 feet in this case, in this
neighborhood, they're able to go above 17 feet by half of the additional
height needed to raise that finished floor of the first floor to the 10.5-foot
base flood elevation level.     They're getting their first floor above the
floodplain. For that they get to go above the 17 feet incrementally based on
the formula up to a maximum of 20 feet. It's that complex. I just wanted
to make sure that point was made. I'm going to go ahead and forward this
to the neighborhood. Greer Park North is part of the larger Greer Park tract
which began with the Van Auken Circle single-story overlay back in 2002.
This would be the other half of the tract completing that single-story overlay
                                                                          Page 107 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
