                          TRANSCRIPT

encouraging people who might sometimes take Caltrain and sometimes drive
to take Caltrain and not necessarily buy the monthly pass, as Adina
mentioned. Also to provide some relief for low-wage workers to move into
our parking garages as they move out of the neighborhoods. A lot of the
people who park in the neighborhoods now, it looks like it's people working
in service industry and hospitality industry. A lot of those people are not the
highest paid people in Palo Alto.        We want to make sure they have
somewhere to park. Also, just to discourage the cheating of people just
parking and trying not to get caught parking in the Caltrain parking lots and
then filling up those lots and forcing people who are trying to use Caltrain to
park in the neighborhoods. For a lot of reasons, I think that's worth
carefully exploring. We should also make sure to look at long-term funding
for the TMA. That's something we might want to talk about later in this
evening's agenda, whether that's money from VTA or wherever. We do need
to think about the long-term sustainability of the TMA if we want it to be
effective. Regarding just getting the bang for our buck, as was mentioned
again earlier, $300 a month. If we're going to build parking spaces in an
expensive parking garage or if we're going to spend that money some other
place, I'm agnostic about which policies are the best solutions. It really
comes down to making sure that the numbers pencil out. If we're going to
spend $300 a month, let's make sure we're getting the bang for our buck.
Keeping in mind, as Council Member Filseth said, the emphasis should be on
quality of life for our residents. I would also add making sure that there are
places for us to park when we go to Downtown to enjoy shopping, using
restaurants and when our friends come to visit us from out of town, and to
make sure that our retail businesses and their customers have enough
places for people to park. A couple of other things. Just kind of a contextual
thing. I always think it's worth just a quick mention. I'll probably change
after we have the RPP go into place, but right now we don't really have a
lack of parking spaces. We have poor use of our parking spaces. If anyone
goes to the top floor of the Webster-Cowper garage pretty much any time of
day—that's the one right across the street from Il Fornaio-- you will find it
almost entirely empty. I think I've seen at most three cars there on my
several visits there in the middle of business days. There are spaces, so the
question is how do we use them efficiently. We're moving in that direction.
One of my questions is what can you tell us about what we're going to do to
make it easier to transfer passes among employees. A business could buy a
few passes, whether they're door hangers or log-in license plate numbers
into the system in the future and then we have license plate readers at the
garage entrances to check how many total cars from a particular company
are parking anywhere in Downtown at any given time, what kinds of things

                                                                        Page 17 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
