                              MINUTES
Throughout the CEQA process, Caltrain conducted additional stakeholder
coordination beyond the minimum required by CEQA. Long-term benefits
included full funding for electrification of San Jose to San Francisco service
by 2040, utilizing 100 percent EMUs, reducing greenhouse gas emissions by
nearly 180,000 metric tons annually, reducing Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT)
by approximately 620,000 miles, and reducing engine noise. In most
locations, engine noise would decrease primarily because EMUs were quieter
than diesel locomotives. Criteria air pollutants would be reduced up to 97
percent. Daily ridership was projected to increase up to 111,000. Key EIR
issues were visual aesthetics of new facilities, traction power facilities, tree
removal and its effects on aesthetics, dust and noise, localized traffic,
bicycles on board, freight and its compatibility with electrification,
consideration of alternatives, and the CEQA issue regarding HSR and
segmentation. Some people were of the opinion that the Project could not
be analyzed in its own EIR, separate from the HSR analysis between San
Jose and San Francisco. CEQA had longstanding rules about whether
projects could be analyzed together or in separate documents. Tests include
whether a project required the next project in order to operate; whether
there were different proponents; whether the project had logical endpoints;
and whether all impacts would be disclosed and could be fully disclosed. The
Caltrain Electrification Project could operate with or without HSR. Obviously
there were different proponents for the two different projects. The Project
had endpoints of San Jose and San Francisco, and no endpoint would be
electrified for some purpose other than Caltrain electrification. The EIR
covered HSR's conceptual impacts at a rough level in the cumulative
analysis. HSR would have to comply with all processes required by law for
full service. Caltrain's EIR did not clear the construction of additional
facilities to accommodate HSR beyond what was necessary for Caltrain
electrification. Under those rules, Caltrain opined that the Electrification
Project could be analyzed in a separate document.            The JPB adopted
mitigations to screen traction power facilities with vegetation and to place
poles carefully to ensure they did not affect historic structures. The EIR did
not find a significant health effect from electrification, but there was some
concern about interference with freight signals. Proper management could
mitigate those effects.       Hydrology and water quality were a concern
primarily during construction. The EIR contained mitigations for localized
traffic effects and some pedestrian and bicycle effects.           Construction
mitigation concerned managing temporary effects on air quality, cultural
resources, erosion, sedimentation, noise control, utilities, traffic control
plans. Because HSR intended to utilize the Corridor, Caltrain considered it in
cumulative mitigations, as well as increases in freight and other passenger
rail. Noise was a cumulative impact that would be significant. One of the
primary ways to reduce noise was to fully electrify operations.


01/12/2015                                                              116- 297
