                          TRANSCRIPT
contrasting either.     It doesn't mean mimic; it doesn't mean starkly
contrasting. Compatibility is a nuanced but important element. Jonathan,
can you tell me to what degree we looked at whether Kipling has some form
of unity in its design?

Mr. Lait: For that answer, I'm looking to the Carey and Co. report from
August 14. Toward the end of the document on packet page 318, it talks
about Kipling Street as a street that imparts character as described in the
Downtown Urban Design Plan, but that it does not appear to constitute a
potential historic district, which is not the level that you're trying to achieve.
It does note that the parking structure at Lytton and Kipling was very
disruptive to the character of Kipling, and that a lot of other additions to
some of the buildings out there have lessened it. The specific question of
does—I would say that Kipling does have some historic elements because it's
got the buildings that are there and it's got the single-story type of
residential structures. The historic report talks about it having character,
and that's as far as it goes to answering that question.

Council Member Burt: I guess my interpretation of that is that it really
didn't address this particular part of the findings. I'll add that, if you look at
essentially the preamble sentence under "D," it's a little bit convoluted in its
language. It says neither the Director nor the City Council on appeal shall
grant architectural review approval unless it is found that, and then it lists all
of what is below. That means that legally per our Code, we have to make a
determination that a project has complied with everything below there on
the findings. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Burt: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff. If any other Council Members
have questions or comments, this is the time to put your light on. Council
Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I had a bunch of other questions too.                 Do you
remember what they were?

Mr. Lait: There was two that I recall.

Council Member Scharff: No, three.

Mr. Lait: One had to do with the flower shop and the concerns expressed. I
think the question was is there anything about the redesigned project that
would cause that to be a worsened condition. No, that would not be the
                                                                             Page 30 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
