                          TRANSCRIPT
and Mimosa. We may be trying to hatch at this too much. I would be
willing certainly to take out the "El Camino from Page Mill to Stanford," if
that's not consistent with what Council Members want and that's causing a
concern by Staff.        That could be addressed probably with zoning
considerations with CS and CN. Is that okay with the seconder? Council
Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: I would be fine with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER removed from the Motion Part A, "El Camino Real
from Page Mill Road to Stanford Avenue.”

Mayor Holman: That limits that to some extent. Extending Park Boulevard,
again I don't think there's too much there, too much likelihood. It's a way to
potentially connect to the Fry's site. That's why I put that in there.

Council Member Burt: What is that direction to P&TC as it's written? What's
the impact of it?

Mayor Holman: If there's any viability of extending retail. That's why it's
"consider extending retail."

Council Member Burt: If I'm on the P&TC and this comes from the Council,
we've got certain things that are considering what we really mean to be
pretty close to a directive with some latitude, and other things that we're
just throwing in. I don't think that's very good guidance for them.

Mayor Holman: Extending Park Boulevard can be determine pretty easily. I
think that can be determined pretty easily. It is an interest, but I don't think
it's a big deal to determine.

Council Member Burt: I'd have a problem if it's included in this Motion.
That's extending too broad of a net at this time. I don't preclude a future
consideration there, but I go back to what Council Member Filseth warned us
on before. Let's do some meaningful things. We don't have to throw that in
to have done some very significant changes to our Cal. Ave. retail with the
balance of this.

Mayor Holman: I can take that out if we're leaving in "b," which is consider
linkages from the California Avenue area to the Fry's Electronics site.

Council Member Burt: That was my next one. Good.

Mayor Holman: If we're leaving that in, I can take this out.

                                                                         Page 80 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
