                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: It's unfortunate, but we do need the water rate
increases if the fund is to be solvent. It's not for profit. It basically covers
the costs, and they're allocated according to the study that we do. I'm glad
you brought this issue to us. This is the right approach.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We’ve had several years of very low rate increases. We
were quite aware of the capital investment that was being made in the Hetch
Hetchy system, and approved that years ago. We are now seeing the capital
costs of that emerging. It is prudent that we decided to split the rates and
make sure that we had the updated study for the full one-on.

Council Member Burt: First, there are two issues before us tonight. One is
how much overall increase we do need and, second, to assure that we're
doing this in the correct proportions to comply with Prop 218. On the first
one, we've glossed over what is in the Staff Report. I wanted to see if Staff
would take a couple of moments to review for the public what are the drivers
in the need for an increase at all. It's not an insubstantial one, so it's
important.

Mr. Abendschein: As Council Member Schmid mentioned and as many
members of the public are aware, we're in the middle of a nine-year $4.6
billion improvement to the Hetch Hetchy water system. Each year another
year of work is done on that project, and each year another round of debt is
issued to fund that year's worth of work. When that new debt is issued, the
debt service that gets allocated to all the wholesale customers in the Bay
Area, which includes Palo Alto, goes up. The SFPUC passes those costs
directly onto us. For us to continue to receive water from the SFPUC, we
need to raise rates to cover those increased costs. That's been the main
driver for those increases over the last few years. This year the SFPUC is
increasing rates nearly 32 percent. That translates into a 14 percent
increase to our costs. We're proposing to increase rates by 12 percent, and
use our Rate Stabilization Reserves to spread the remaining portion of the
rate increase over subsequent years.       That's a summary of what we
discussed with the UAC and the Finance Committee.

Council Member Burt: Can you clarify the 32 percent increase by SFPUC?
Essentially the Hetch Hetchy water system, covers the capital improvement
program. Aside from those increases from the Hetch Hetchy system, I
should have said what portion of our increases are being driven by those
changes and charges to us.

Mr. Abendschein: The entire rate increase is being driven by that this year.

Council Member Burt:      On the second item which the City Attorney
explained—correct me if I don't get this right—we're basically holding back
                                                                          Page 11 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
