                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bernstein:     The answer lies in Board Member Beth's comment,
education. When an applicant goes to the Development Center to say, "I'm
thinking about doing this," unless that applicant asks, "Are there any
incentives involved for my historic house," I've been in the business for 30
years now, people always say, "I didn't know about that." That goes back to
my earlier question, how can the HRB assist the Council in getting that
information to property owners.

Council Member Kniss: In other words, we as a City need to do a better job
of indicating what is out there and what other options exist. I'm glad you
mentioned that. I know that it was something we discussed a great deal
before. I would think if I knew about that, that would be one of the options
I would look for.

Mr. Bernstein: Picking up on that conversation, I hear often, "I don't want
my house historic. You can't do anything to it." That's as far from the truth
as possible. That goes back to how does a property owner learn of the
incentives. Even without using incentives, there's still flexibility because of
the Secretary of Interior Standards.

Council Member DuBois: Thank all of you for coming and for serving on the
Board. It's much appreciated. I have been the liaison, and I have gone to
meetings when my schedule allows. First of all I'd like to say to the
recommendations, at least in my perspective and hopefully my colleagues
will weigh in, we should do all of those things you mentioned. Updating the
Inventory, adding the Federal and State historic sites. To me that's a no
brainer. Yes, please do that, make the recommendation. We need to do a
survey and make sure that we're up-to-date on our own properties outside
of those Federal and State buildings. Yes on the properties since World War
II. We're Silicon Valley and none of the buildings from the start of Silicon
Valley are on our Register at this point. Finally, we do need to think of some
incentives that apply more outside of the Downtown area, particularly if we
do add those post-World War II buildings. They're going to be further south
in Palo Alto. In terms of the Mills Act, I didn't know much about it. From
my fellow Council Members I've learned a bit about it. It's basically a
program that a city can set parameters to incent people through relief of
property tax to commit to a maintenance program. They have to have
defined maintenance, and there needs to be a process to make sure that
maintenance happens. I would like the HRB to come back and propose
some parameters for an updated Mills Act application for Palo Alto. You guys
need to strike a balance for the right amount of incentive for preservation
without taking too much revenue away from the schools and the City. Just a
little incentive there could help particularly for some of these Eichlers and
those kinds of buildings. On Monday night, we heard about a project that
                                                                         Page 10 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
