             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                             August 31, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Scharff arrived at 7:02
           P.M., Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:    Kniss

Mayor Holman: We do know that Council Member Scharff will be joining us
as the meeting progresses. There are a couple of things I need Council
Members to pay attention to this—if I could have all the Council Members'
attention please. We have some different agenda items this evening. One
of them is the appointment of one UAC member, and we have several
applicants also for the CAC, Community Advisory Committee for the
Comprehensive Plan. What we haven't done in the recent past but used to
do—and I think tonight is an appropriate time to reintroduce this—is for
Council Members to be able to make comments or a statement ahead of
voting on each of those items. You'll get to speak once; I think that's
appropriate and efficient. I'm asking Council Members—if you want to speak
for someone or speak to your perspective, you're welcome to do that. That's
not what we typically do, but what we will be doing this evening. Any
questions on that? Seems like not.

Study Session

1.   Presentation of Palo Alto City Library Strategic Plan, 2015-2017.

Mayor Holman: Monique, welcome.

Monique LeConge-Ziesenhenne, Library Services Director: Good evening.
Thank you, Mayor and City Council. I'm Monique LeConge-Ziesenhenne, the
Library Director. Please forgive my laryngitis. It is actually getting better,
so we'll get through this half hour easily. We wanted to present to you the
Strategic Plan for the Library for the next three years and to give you a
background on how this was developed, why now and what we intend to do
with this Plan going forward. When I arrived in 2011, the Library had just
completed the renovation of the Downtown Library and were in the middle of


                                                                     Page 1 of 127
