                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Our prior Motion incorporated Sections 16 and 17. Yes, it
did, because we went to the end of page 27.

Mr. Lait: Mayor, you're a couple of sections off from how we've aligned the
PowerPoint presentation. We did capture your other comments on—there's
been a couple that have sort of drifted out of that area, but we have those
recorded as part of the Motions that we've been making.

Mayor Holman: I'm going by how this afternoon they were identified.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. That slide reflects sort of how we've presented the
different groupings.   I'm sorry, this evening—I apologize for the
miscommunication on how ...

Mayor Holman: That's how we're doing this.

Mr. Lait: Yeah, that's exactly right.

Mayor Holman: It is Section 16, which we already did, and Section 17.
Hang on, let me catch up here. Through Sections 21. We're on the same
page now. That is the Motion on the floor, Sections 16 through 21. Vote on
the board please. That passes on an 8-1-0 vote with myself voting no and
Council Member Burt absent.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Burt absent

Mayor Holman: Then we go to Group 6, beginning with Section 22 on page
30. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I thought these were all good changes. I actually
didn't have any issues with any of them. I think we should go forward with
it. I'll move approval of all of them on the Group 6 policies.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Ordinance Sections 22-24, modifying Municipal Code
Chapters 18.70-18.77.

Mayor Holman: Care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Scharff: No, but if anyone has any stuff, I may come back
to it but not now.

Council Member Berman:       Council Member Berman, care to speak to your
second?
                                                                   Page 102 of 110
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                              Transcript 12/7/15
