                         TRANSCRIPT
doesn't help or it doesn't fix our problems or not enough goes into the
snowpack and so forth, what kind of action should we anticipate from
Sacramento next year that we ought to be thinking about might be coming
down the pike?

Mr. Gordon: Let me first say two comments. One is that I chair a Select
Committee, which in the Legislature a Select Committee is a study group. I
have a Select Committee on water. We are holding our first hearing in a
couple of weeks in Sacramento. We're going to be looking at all of the
issues related to water in California, looking at what our needs are, what we
might expect, and what are some of the alternatives, and how do we look at
additional desalination, what does that mean, how do look at additional use
of recycled water, some of those things. In terms of the information that
we're getting in Sacramento is it seems fairly clear that even if we have a
good wet El Nino, it's not going to get us out of the drought, not going to
solve the problem. We don't have enough capacity to collect and manage
the water that would come; we don't have enough storage for it. More
importantly, all of the modeling seems to say that it may not help the
snowpack very much, because the temperatures may be too warm. Last
year in the Sierra Nevadas, the average winter temperature was 32 degrees,
average winter temperature in the Sierra Nevadas. You wonder why we
didn't have a snowpack or it's so reduced. If we get those temperatures
again and we get a lot of water, it will run into our streams and we'll have
flooding, rather than water containment. We have taken some short-term
action on water, some drought emergency action. We, I think, would
immediately be revisiting some of these activities if we got continued
drought. I suspect that some of the things we'll be looking at is providing
greater opportunities to streamline recycled water projects is one thing that
I would expect would come up in Sacramento. I think we would be looking
at making it easier for the State to have some role in water transfers
between those who have and those who don't. I think those are some of the
things. The Governor has also expressed interest in looking at Prop 218. I
have a piece of legislation that's a vehicle around the discussion for Prop
218. Both in terms of water conservation pricing which is impacted by Prop
218, but also the ability to build infrastructure is impacted. There may be
some discussions along those lines in Sacramento next year. We are a long
way from, even with a good wet winter, a long way away from solving this
problem in California. This is a much longer term problem. It's something
that we candidly neglected for years. We simply relied on the Sierra
snowpack as being our reservoir. We didn't act quickly enough when that
began to shrink over the last decade. Our entire water delivery system is
built on that being the reservoir. We're going to have to change some
things pretty dramatically over time. There is a lot of work for us in this
regard.
                                                                      Page 17 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
