                          TRANSCRIPT
something to another night. Apologies if we do have to do that. We'll do
the best we can.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Holman: Our next item on the agenda is City Manager Comments.
Jim.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor and members of the
Council. I'll try to move through this pretty quickly, but I do have a number
of items to report. First of all, in the realm of community meetings actually
this week, I did want to remind folks that PG&E will be hosting a community
open house this Wednesday, December 2nd, from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. That'll
be in the large El Palo Alto Room at the Mitchell Park Community Center.
That's in relation to some of the upcoming gas safety work they are
anticipating in Palo Alto and other communities. It really is including efforts
to work with the City and local residents to check areas above natural gas
transmission pipeline for items that could pose a safety concern. This really
was generated about contact from PG&E to potentially hundreds of our
residents relating to the possible need for tree removal related to these
safety concerns. We had the chance to have some initial conversations with
PG&E, and looks like they've dialed back the number of trees from 600 to
maybe under about 300, but that does have some significant impact. Most
of them are on private property, so it is the sort of thing that a lot of our
public will be interested in. Again, that's Wednesday, December 2nd, from
7:00 to 9:00 p.m. We have more information posted on the home page of
the City's website for folks who are interested. Secondly, the Council will be
hosting the second of your neighborhood Town Hall meetings this Thursday,
December 3rd, from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. That'll be held at the Cubberley
Community Center Auditorium. Each of the Town Halls that you've asked to
set up are to focus on a group of different neighborhoods throughout the
City. That really is focused in south Palo Alto including the neighborhoods of
Adobe Meadow, Green Meadow and a few other adjacent neighborhoods in
the very far south of Palo Alto. Next up, we did just want to put out a
reminder that in the area of the minimum wage that the minimum wage of
$11 an hour that the Council has set for Palo Alto will go into effect on
January 1st. The City mailed an outreach piece to all businesses in town
that includes an official notice for posting.       We're planning additional
outreach efforts through December via email as well as on the City's website
and via social media. More information, frequently asked questions and a
know your rights poster and a City contact is available at the City's website,
cityofpaloalto.org/minimum wage. As it relates to the Business Registry
which will be discussed soon at Committee or before the Council, as of mid-
November 2,533 businesses or an estimate of about 87 percent out of a
                                                                           Page 67 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
