                          TRANSCRIPT
is looking at it carefully and closely, now obviously more than they had
before, to see if we can get some Bay strategy in place for that. It's going
to cost a lot, and that's really going to be, I think, one of the major
challenges, where those funds are coming from. It's certainly obvious it's
something that we need.       For us and for me, the realization of the
tremendous economic impact it would have on all of us.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, questions for the Senator.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It's a pleasure to have the opportunity to grapple a
little bit with the local and state issues together. We focus so much on the
local. I'd like to bring up property tax. Property tax is the local tax ...

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor, I think what we're going to do is ask questions
of the things the Senator's addressed, and then we'll come back to the
property tax.    If you have something for housing that we've already
discussed or sea level change, excuse me, for climate change.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If we'll have an opportunity ...

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Vice Mayor Schmid: ... I do want to tie it into housing and other elements
we've talked about.

Mayor Holman: If you want to tie it in, go right ahead.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The key thing about property tax is it accounts for 25
percent—business accounts for 25 percent of our property roll. That's been
going down since 1979, continues to go down even though we are building
more commercial office space than we are housing. That sets up a unique
disparity between local governments and State governments. The fact that
we're tied to property taxes where the business is spending less and less.
The State getting its revenue from income and capital gains does much
better with the growth in business. The discussion we had about the MTC
and the ABAG and local governments is important. That can be seen as an
allocation of funding, that the MTC has the funding that they give to ABAG
and thus controls a lot of the decisions. That's why the influence and power
within those organizations are with the flow of funds rather than local needs.
It comes down to the Legislature came close this year to getting passed a
reform, a (inaudible) roll on the property tax. The Governor didn't agree.
That would certainly change the balance of funding that comes in, if we
could deal with it in getting to the housing issue. The solutions are regional,
but the funding source, if local government had more housing funding that
they could utilize effectively, they could take the place of redevelopment and
                                                                            Page 13 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
