                          TRANSCRIPT
thing. The problem that we're finding is there's no willingness that I've seen
on the part of the Governor or some parts of the Legislature for a long-term,
sustained program implementation increase.          That doesn't solve the
problem; I know.

Mayor Holman: If you can identify any ways that we might help advocate
for some relief in that regard, especially given that homeless situations
actually cost more money than it would be to house people. If you can find
some avenue for that.

Senator Hill: We will continue to look at that especially this year, because
we will not have—if the revenue enhancements that we've had and the
increases to revenue this year, we should not have the same Prop 98
educational requirements at the end. We would have resources that we can
apply more on a one-time basis than on a sustained basis.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. Before we go to Director Fong who has
some comments to make, and we have one member of the public who wants
to speak, some of us haven't seen you since yesterday. Nice to see you
again.

Senator Hill: It's good to see you too. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Nice to see you again. I'd be loathe if I didn't give you a
couple of minutes to talk about some of the things that you've accomplished
in the nearer term.      I know you've been very active in dealing with
antibiotics. We had a conversation what—gosh, it's been closer to a year
ago now—about antibiotics and cattle. Maybe you'd like to just recap a little
bit of the accomplishments that you've achieved this last year.

Senator Hill: That's nice. Thank you very much. It was a very good year
for me. We had 20 bills that were passed through the Legislature and 18 of
them were signed by the Governor. They were in a number of areas. A
couple of those that were most important. One is the use of biosimilars. We
talk about antibiotics. Right now the issue of biologics—there has been the
development of biosimilars which are similar to generics only there are no
such things as generics for biologics. They are close to but never the same.
That's why they're similars. In California you could not prescribe a—a
pharmacist could not substitute a biosimilar for a biologic at a lower cost,
because the law would not allow it. The bill that I had will now allow for the
substitution of biosimilars in healthcare. The antibiotic-resistant—I followed
for the last few years this very serious issue that 70 percent of all antibiotics
in the country are used in farm animals and agriculture. They purchase
them at a feed store without a prescription. They can apply it in water and
in feed. It's been used as growth stimulating. They use it as preventative
                                                                              Page 17 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
