             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT

                                                           Regular Meeting
                                                           August 17, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:    Scharff

Mayor Holman: This evening I'd like to dedicate this meeting to Scott Carey
who passed away August 11th. Scott Carey, from 1975 to 1979, served on
the Palo Alto City Council including a term as Mayor. He was considered an
establishment member of the Council. He was instrumental in the Council
winning support for the $7.5 million acquisition of 500 acres in the lower
Foothills which is now the core of the Enid Pearson-Arastradero Open Space
Preserve. In 1968 he joined the residential real estate brokerage firm of
Cornish and Carey. During his many years at the company, he served as
president, CEO and later chairman. In addition, he served as organizer and
attorney for the Economic Opportunity Council of Northern Santa Clara
County, a member of the Santa Clara County Land Use Commission, and a
member of the Board of Woodside Priory School as he was later a resident of
Portola Valley. I would like to dedicate this meeting in his honor and wish
his family all our best wishes and condolences.

Study Session

1.   Update on Integrated Parking Strategy for Downtown:            Parking
     Management,   Parking  Supply    and   Transportation         Demand
     Management.

Jessica Sullivan, Transportation Manager: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Good
evening, Council. We do have a presentation, and hopefully it won't take
very long since we've only got an hour this evening. Tonight we're going to
give pretty much an update on what we call the Integrated Parking Strategy
for Downtown. I think this is really kind of like a preview of coming
attractions, because we will be coming back to Council probably within the
next three to six months for the majority of these items for some action and
some more detailed discussion. This is really an overview of all of the
                                                                   Page 1 of 136
