                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt felt themes should be contemporary. The Council
directed the P&TC to make the Comprehensive Plan contemporary, more
readable, and better organized. Some topics in the P&TC draft were a series
of substantive questions and choices that were included in the
Comprehensive Plan as recommended language. The Council needed to
identify the substantive choices contained in the Draft and discuss them, as
well as new issues because Council had not discussed or decided to
incorporate those recommendations.         Environmental and sustainability
issues had to be updated to reflect current thinking. Transportation was a
fundamental part of the vision for the future and those two examples
pointed to the need for a reconsideration of themes.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the Council would review the
Comprehensive Plan Update through 2015 with a projected completion date
some time in 2016.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes.

Council Member DuBois suggested the Council discuss whether that timeline
was appropriate because he preferred quality over a deadline. Separating
cleanup, deletions, and accomplished programs from substantial choices was
useful. He requested Staff discuss citizen involvement following the Summit.

Ms. Gitelman was working with the Leadership Group regarding structure of
the post-Summit work sessions. Staff was designing a process that allowed
comparison of the existing Comprehensive Plan with the P&TC's draft in
order to structure community discussion of policies and programs.
Community sessions would focus on the details and language of the
Comprehensive Plan, while accepting input from the Council regarding policy
questions. Community work sessions were going to be scheduled with
advance notice so that residents could choose which sessions to attend.

Council Member DuBois liked the idea of comparing the two versions of the
Comprehensive Plan. He asked if work sessions would be organized around
Elements of the Comprehensive Plan.

Ms. Gitelman indicated some of the work sessions would likely be organized
around Elements. She said because of the complexity of some Elements,
they would need to be divided into topics.

Council Member DuBois suggested the Council discuss weighting and
sequencing of goals for the Comprehensive Plan.            A framework for
evaluating themes and goals would be useful, possibly utilizing categories of
core City services, additional services to improve the City, and policies that
impacted things external to the City. He asked if Staff was aware of reasons

03/16/2015                                                              117- 93
