                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Questions? Tom has questions. I see three Council
Members with questions. Are Council Members willing to persevere to get to
Item Number 7 this evening? We need to let Staff know.

Council Member Scharff: I'd rather continue it.

Council Member Burt: I'm okay ...

Mayor Holman: Pushing forward, persevering?

Council Member Burt: Either way.

Mayor Holman: I think the consensus seems to be that we're going to
persevere. Apologies to Staff for having you hang out here that long. Staff,
presentation please on Charleston-Arastradero.

Ms. Boyd: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Holly Boyd. I'm a
Senior Engineer in Public Works Department. We're here tonight to bring
forward the Concept Plan Line for the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor
Project. The plan for the corridor has been under development for over a
decade. During the past year, Public Works and Planning Departments have
been working together with our consultant team to move forward the last
phase of this project. This final phase will advance the project from the
previously approved striping plan and will construct the complete street
improvements throughout the corridor. Joining me at the table are Josh
Mello, our new Chief Transportation Official, and Admas Zewdie, our Project
Manager from Mark Thomas and Company. With that, I'm going to get
started with the presentation. We're going to have just a quick background
on the project and then go through some of the highlights of the Plan Line.
As mentioned before, this project has been under development for 12 years.
This graphic kind of outlines the timeline and the progress that has been
made since it was started in 2003. Most notably, Council approved the lane
reduction striping in 2008 for Charleston and in 2012 for Arastradero Road.
Also, Council committed full project funding in 2014. Through the project,
the goals as directed by Council have remained the same; to create a
complete street that will provide enhanced quality and safety for all users
with particular attention to K-12 students, bicyclists and pedestrians while
maintaining it as a travel corridor for vehicles. Also an objective is to reduce
the vehicle speed and minimize traffic diversion as much as possible. This
project is consistent with many City policies and plans which were described
in more detail in your Staff Report. Who is this project serving? This
corridor is an important east-west route for traffic, but more importantly it's
                                                                         Page 79 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
