                          TRANSCRIPT

existing housing, and I'll give you an example. This is quite a ways back.
About 20 or 25 years ago, there was a housing project on Alma near
Colorado. It was six townhouses. The Housing Corporation was interested
in retaining those. They'd be low-income housing. The property owner was
threatening to convert those to market rate, for sale housing. The City put
money in from the Housing Fund to purchase the development, those six
units, and turned them over to the Housing Corporation as rental units.
That was done, so it's been done before. There's no reason why you can't
do this again to preserve Buena Vista. The intent of the funding from
development projects, from the developer for housing, the basic concept is
to have low-income housing in a city which has the most expensive housing
in the entire country. The latest figures for the median housing price in Palo
Alto is more than $2.6 million. Using the funds which you've gotten from
developers, commercial developers, for preserving housing is just as
effective as building new housing, and it's more cost effective. It's far
cheaper per unit to preserve existing housing than to buy the same number
of new units. I think there's nothing wrong with doing this. There's nothing
illegal about doing this. There's precedent for doing it. It's the right thing.
I'd like to see you proceed. Thank you.

Winter Dellenbach: Hi. First of all, thank you for everybody that showed up
at the Buena Vista Thanks Supporter picnic. Really appreciate it. It was a
great picnic. More elected officials and appointed officials in one spot than
I've ever seen before. I want to speak to this item briefly. Back in the end
of June, we were all here. We brought the troops; didn't bring them tonight
out of kindness to you. We know you have a huge, packed schedule.
Thought it would be better not to have everyone here. You know the
support we have. The work you did at the end of June won't be fulfilled
unless you make these amendments, alterations, to how the Commercial
Housing Fund is used to include preexisting housing, saving it. We urge you
to do that. As you know, I sent this out. The Wall Street Journal front page
Saturday, huge article on Buena Vista in their national edition and online,
breaking the news that an offer has been made through Caritas to the
owners of Buena Vista. There is at least a preliminary offer in writing to
them. We need you guys to come through, because if something should
break and should happen, we're going to need access to those funds. We
need you to vote on this, approve it tonight and make those funds accessible
ASAP. Thank you.

Mary Kear: Hello, Council Members and Mayor Holman. My name is Mary
Kear. I'm the Vice President of the Buena Vista Residents Association Board.
We the residents of Buena Vista are relying on you to approve these changes
                                                                        Page 71 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
