                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: If that occurs, then I will be supportive of going in
that direction.

Council Member Filseth: I had some questions. I wanted to talk about
traffic too. A lot of this has been said already. It says on page 1082 of the
traffic report that the consultant projects that the delay at the Page Mill/El
Camino intersection is going to increase 1 1/2 seconds a year through 2035.
It looks to me like the operating criteria for this intersection, it looks like the
City defines no impact or the impact threshold at this intersection as if it
causes at least 4 seconds delay. I'm curious how the City would treat two
projects a couple of months apart, each of which contributes 3 seconds
delay. Would that still be no impact or how do we account for that?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm probably wading in deeper than I should on this. My
understanding is we look at that threshold that you've just cited as a way to
determine whether an individual project's contribution to a cumulative
impact is considerable. It's a threshold that was created by VTA. We didn't
make it up ourselves. It's given to us and used in our area.

Council Member Filseth: That was my next question, where does the 4
seconds come from. Why is it 4 instead of 3.5 or 4.5?

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe the traffic consultant could respond to that. I don't
know where the VTA came up with that, but there it is.

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to postulate here that maybe we need
our own criteria in Palo Alto, instead of following something from VTA or
Sacramento. It may be that what we ought to do is sit down and review our
traffic no impact criteria. A lot of concern in the community about this stuff.
The other thing I wanted to ask about the traffic. Somebody mentioned and
I was curious about it, workers who are leaving 441 in the afternoon, if they
want to go 280, you can only turn right onto Page Mill. Most likely they're
going to go through the neighborhoods in order to get back to El Camino and
then pull a left turn onto Page Mill out to 280. I didn't see that anywhere in
the traffic report or any discussion of that. Is it in there somewhere?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know if the applicant or their consultant could respond
to that.

Ms. Campagna: I can add if you turn right on Page Mill in order to get
westbound on 280, you would get off immediately at the AOL building and
go onto Park for one block, turn left on Park and go around.

Council Member Filseth: You'd go down the street, go down to Park and
then go through the neighborhood.
                                                                          Page 127 of 145
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/15/15
