                          TRANSCRIPT
nonresidential space Citywide over the next 15 years, so that we would have
your analysis of impacts when the DEIR comes.

Mayor Holman: Isn't this asking for the same thing? Impacts are what a
DEIR analyzes.

Vice Mayor Schmid: She says we can't do the same.

Ms. Gitelman: I would be more comfortable if we're going to refer to
analyzing the impacts of analysis if your direction was to analyze the
impacts of a range, small, medium, large. What I'm reacting to is the
specificity here, because I can't tell you, without going back to the
consultants, exactly what number. Is it 750? Is it 755? Is it 800 or is it
600? I just don't know sitting here this evening.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I've taken those two from the numbers that you have
consistently given us. Over time one way of measuring says that the annual
growth has been 87,000 square feet over the last 17 years. You gave
another growth measurement of 50,000. That's where my two numbers
come from, the data that we have been working with.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, as the initial seconder, did you
want to make a comment?

Council Member DuBois: Council Member Schmid, when I read this I
thought you were actually proposing more of the pacing mechanism, looking
at a range. The 50,000 a year over 15 years is the 750,000 square feet.
Would you prefer to say "evaluate a pacing method for growth of 50,000
square feet a year for 15 years to an upper range of" something like the
remaining cap divided by 15 years?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think this gives a little more flexibility in the sense
you have ups and downs.

Council Member DuBois: Right.        It's actually evaluate the annual pacing
versus the total numbers.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's another way of doing it.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to suggest language for that then?

Council Member DuBois: What's the remaining cap again? I'm sorry.

Mr. Dennis: (crosstalk) million square feet is left.

Vice Mayor Schmid: On top of the Stanford (crosstalk).
                                                                     Page 104 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
