                          TRANSCRIPT
of issues affecting Downtown office development. I don't yet know whether
those conflicts constitute a legal conflict, but I certainly would have real
concern about whether the public can view that as an objective analysis
where those conflicts do exist, and that these were not conflicts that either
didn't exist or the Council was not aware of when we made such
appointments. I'll leave it there for the moment. These are as strong of
comments as I've ever made about a body that serves the City. I regret
that I feel obliged to make them.

Mayor Holman: At the moment, I don't see other lights, so I will make a few
of my own. I think it's important at the end of this evening that we send the
Planning Commission away with some clear guidance about what is
expected. As Council Member Burt and my experience with the Planning and
Transportation Commission has been pretty long, basically to mirror what he
was saying, I was a long time as a member of the public and part of a
neighborhood association, then also for 8 1/2 years as a member of the
Planning and Transportation Commission itself, and now for six years as a
Council Member. I don't want anyone to think that the expectation is that
the Planning Commission always agree with each other or that you
necessarily agree with the Council or the Council always agree with you.
What I have found over the years to be most helpful in Council Members
appointing Commissioners is that there are balanced perspectives
represented on the Commission. What any Board or Commission does to
benefit the Council is to vet the issues. To vet the issues fully, there has to
be a difference of perspective among the Commissioners and Board
Members. I have some concern that we don't have a balance of perspective
on the Commission right now. I'm also concerned along with the regard I
have for the amount of time and effort that is put into the work that you do
and that you deliver, because it is a time commitment. It is something that
obviously all the Board and Commission Members feel about or you wouldn't
be doing this.      My concern, along with that passion, is that the
recommendations are based on the foundational documents of the City,
whether it's the Comprehensive Plan, the Zoning Code, City Charter. Those
all need to be the foundation of the discussions and recommendations. A
simple example. If there's a project that comes before the Commission and
they're asking for a variance—I'll just make this up; don't take it as being
specific to any project. The way that the Commission can be really helpful
to the Staff and the Council and the public is to weigh the findings that are
required for a variance based on Code and what the findings have to be, not
whether one thinks that the Code is wrong or whether one thinks that
something should or shouldn't be the way it is.                 Again, basing
recommendations and comments on foundational documents, that's what is
helpful. If the Commission has other things and other perspectives that it
wishes to forward to the Council, there are other avenues to do that.
                                                                           Page 53 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
