                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth appreciated the concept of prioritizing themes into
categories and commented that the Council's discussion could benefit
significantly from a quantitative element. There was no universal definition
of quality of life or growth.      Objectivity and clear definitions of and
relationships among terms would facilitate the discussion. In order to take a
system perspective, a person had to understand the interaction among
topics beyond a conceptual level.       The Council needed to attempt to
measure many of their goals for the Comprehensive Plan in order to
determine consequences.

Council Member Berman wanted to understand why Safety was included with
Natural and Urban Environment. He asked if classification of the two
Concept Plans within the Comprehensive Plan was important.

Ms. Gitelman did not believe it would be important. No matter where they
were located in the Comprehensive Plan, they were part of the
Comprehensive Plan. Both Concept Plans had received a great deal of
separate attention over the year.

Council Member Berman thought quantifying job and population growth had
merit.   The impacts of changes and addressing those impacts were
important. It was important for business and housing to remain compatible;
however, the Council was attempting to blend residential and commercial
uses within specific areas of the City.

Council Member Wolbach suggested an ideal process would include expert
lectures, community outreach, community building, and a policy advisory
group. He asked Staff to share thoughts about the divergence of the
processes for the existing Comprehensive Plan and the Draft Comprehensive
Plan.

Ms. Gitelman reported the City recognized the need to update the
Comprehensive Plan in 2006 and a process began in 2008. Because of the
elapsed time, Staff recommended the current process. The Council was
certainly able to make changes or adjustments to the process.

Mr. Keene recalled in 2006, the Council directed Staff to focus on the two
Concept Plans. The economy declined, this caused a shift in the focus away
from the Comprehensive Plan. As the Draft Comprehensive Plan was going
to be delivered to the Council, the economic turnaround arrived, bringing the
pressures of growth. The Council was aware of the big choice issues; it was
a mistake for the Council to attempt to align each component and issue.
Rather, the Council needed to identify the high-level themes with more
details, and then reconcile inconsistencies. More public input was able to


03/16/2015                                                             117- 95
