                              MINUTES
MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member DuBois agreed a discussion of growth management needed
to be part of the Summit and workshops. The Council was able to discuss
the Comprehensive Plan through a Committee of the Whole, a Committee
Meeting with all the Council Members present. Themes needed to be
evaluated with a rubric of “core services,” including “improvements to the
City,” and “external things.” “Core services” included schools, traffic, safety,
and neighborhoods. “Improving the City” meant changes to transportation,
sustainability, retail diversity, and housing supply.       “External things”
comprised of the City's global reputation, attracting startups, and Palo Alto
as a regional destination. The Council had to quantify issues and review
relationships and dependencies among data. Each of the Comprehensive
Plan themes was important. He ranked themes from highest to lowest as:
1) building community neighborhoods; 2) maintaining and enhancing
community character; 3) meeting the housing supply challenge; 4)
protecting and repairing natural features; 5) meeting residential and
commercial needs; 6) reducing reliance on the automobile; and 7) providing
responsive governance and regional leadership.

Council Member Filseth mentioned the amount of the City's failure to meet
Comprehensive Plan goals and said that was due to the City not following
the Comprehensive Plan or to the Comprehensive Plan not addressing
issues. Perhaps the Comprehensive Plan was able to include methods to
correct mistakes.

Council Member Burt felt the Council would have opportunities to quantify
goals. The Council determined when that type of ranking and a comparative
ranking were appropriate. The Council's discussions were to be informed by
the Summit. He wanted to discuss considerations in order to provide a
framework for Summit discussions. Current themes overlapped and did not
fully reflect current issues. There needed to be a high correlation between
Core Values and Comprehensive Plan themes. The Council would have to
discuss interactions among themes. Zoning Ordinance changes would reflect
changes in the Comprehensive Plan and would better implement the existing
Comprehensive Plan. He encouraged Staff to allow the Leadership Group to
play a role in the Comprehensive Plan process. A revised theme could have
a different meaning and emphasis, even though it was not substantially
different from the original theme. He wanted to understand the Council's
role in the process.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff proposed involving the Council primarily at
major issue points.    The Council's discussion of growth management
strategies was to continue on March 23, 2015. Shortly thereafter, the


03/16/2015                                                               117- 97
