                             MINUTES
The Council defined a Priority as a topic that would receive particular,
unusual, and significant attention during the year.            The purpose of
establishing Priorities was to assist the Council and Staff in better allotting
and utilizing time for discussion and decision making. There was a goal of
no more than three Priorities per year, and Priorities had a three-year time
limit. The Policy and Services Committee discussed Priorities and public
submissions in December 2014. The report of the Policy and Services
Committee was provided to Council Members on January 20, 2015. One
goal of the Retreat was to populate a work plan for the year. In setting
Priorities, the Council would consider distinctive issues that needed attention
and that delivered a strategic public value. Capacity to respond to Priorities
was a critical factor in setting realistic Priorities. Only 66 City employees
were available to work on strategic issues around Priorities and existing
initiatives. Priorities suggested by Council Members could be grouped into
themes of land use, transportation, the Comprehensive Plan, Technology and
the Connected City, and infrastructure. Priorities of Healthy City/Health
Community, social services, and transparency/responsiveness/customer
service were suggested once each. Staff began creating a work plan related
to land use, transportation, the Comprehensive Plan, Technology and the
Connected City, and zoning. He listed the elements of each theme. Staff
focused the list of elements on potential deliverables in 2015. Each person
who worked on those issues also had another fulltime job or had other
priorities that were important to the City. The Council's discussion would
allow Staff to develop processes to accomplish this work even though issues
changed during the course of the year. Staff's ability to recognize new
issues and adapt to them would be key. It was important for the Council to
have a sense of the scale of work before discussing Priorities.

Mayor Holman added that the Council wanted a means to grasp all of the
topics Staff was working on and to prioritize those under Priorities.

Council Member Kniss noted the community's concern about traffic. Traffic
was becoming far more complicated than simply congestion. She questioned
whether the City had considered using red light cameras. They helped with
traffic and were a funding source.     Methodologies were available and
effective. She wanted to consider some type of traffic control.

Council Member DuBois believed some elements on the list had to be
accomplished; therefore, there was no need to prioritize them. Segregating
required items would be useful in discussing other elements as Priorities.
Many of the projects had moved into the implementation phase and
hopefully would require less Council attention.



                                                                          Page 3 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/31/2015
