                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: That is not what we've done traditionally. It's been ten
minutes for the team. That's what I said to begin with and what the Staff
has just confirmed as what our process is.

Ms. Yob: I'm reaching out to ask for an accommodation. I did contact the
City Attorney's Office today and requested that I speak as a member of the
public for three minutes. It was my understanding that would be permitted.
If you're ...

Mayor Holman: I think our process is our process. Did you get a response
from the City Attorney's Office?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I did have that communication with Ms. Yob,
not really understanding that aspect of the issue. If we could allow an
additional three minutes for that and then also perhaps you could add three
minutes to the Appellant's rebuttal time so that both sides get an additional
time.

Mayor Holman: That seems to be a reasonable accommodation.

Mr. Hayes: Thank you for accommodating. My name's Ken Hayes. Mayor
Holman, good evening, members of the Council. Ken Hayes with Hayes
Group Architects. I'll be responding to the appeal this evening. The
architectural goals for the project were to create a building that is placed in
our time, respects the past; increases the height at the corners to support
Downtown goals of accentuating and defining corners; design for
architectural compatibility through contextual building relationships; create a
vibrant commercial frontage that encourages shopping and creates linkages
to the Kipling and Lytton commercial areas. The ARB unanimously approved
this project at the third hearing. The project they approved is a high quality,
modern design that responds to the needs of our time, yet is differentiated
by style but is no less compatible in our Downtown than other neighboring
buildings. The Downtown Urban Design Guide says that architects should
not mimic prevalent architectural styles found in the community.
Compatibility is the standard for evaluation. Compatibility can be evaluated
or thought of at an architectural level, at a historic level and at an urban
level. Architectural compatibility, in my opinion, is measured by considering
contextual building relationships. This is a block that we've designed in
Downtown Palo Alto. What I mean by contextual building relationships, it
talks about the alignment of building forms, entries, canopies, soffits,
window lines. The roof forms that are prevalent and transitions of roof
forms to other buildings. You can see here how buildings transition from the
one story to the two story to the four story. What is really important is the
syncopation or the rhythm or the texture of the buildings defined by the

                                                                       Page 28 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
