                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: The project on High Street has been reduced. Mr. Paul has
raised some questions about the net square footage we have for his
projects; although, I double checked that twice against the applications we
have on hand.

Mayor Holman: Both of the Park Boulevard projects are in question, is that
what you're saying?

Ms. Gitelman: I believe our numbers are accurate for net increases in office
space, but we'll check them again based on Mr. Paul's comments this
evening.

Mayor Holman: I've looked up again the address for 3045, I think it is. For
3045 Park Boulevard, I get a photo that comes up of Aiken's Auto Body. I'm
not sure how that is not auto repair.

Council Member Scharff: Staff's going to go check on it.

Mayor Holman: We've had an argument that it's, like, we're not replacing
auto body, we're replacing office with office. At any rate, the amendment on
the floor is that Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss, to replace in Motion Part C, which is the main Motion, "more
weight in the process," replace that with "the projects would be selected first
and weighted amongst each other." I'm sorry, Council Member Burt, your
light's on.

Council Member Burt: I'm trying to make sure I even understand the intent
here. If the second project is deemed to be a net of 28-plus, will it also the
next year be the first in line? Is that what you're saying?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, there are four projects.          They total 66.6
thousand square feet. We take them in order.

Council Member Burt: We basically, okay. This whole thing of being able to
look at the weighting criteria and have that inform the Comp Plan process is
pretty much moot if we do this.

Council Member Scharff: No, because we do it the second year completely.

Council Member Burt: A fraction of the second year's projects would come
forward. I think this really undercuts the intention. I agree with Vice Mayor
Schmid that the early March meeting was when we had discussion and, I
think, gave clear indication that we were going to have such a cap. We
finalized it subsequently, but it wasn't like we only discussed this on the final
meeting date. We first discussed it in early March.

                                                                        Page 131 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
