                         TRANSCRIPT
to do all that is within their power to preserve Buena Vista. We are
extremely concerned especially about Buena Vista Children and how quickly
families will have to act in order to get them into new schools by August, at
the latest September of this year. Time is running out, but we the residents
are hoping for a better outcome like the one that Supervisor Simitian is
working on. This will only happen if everyone pulls together, including our
City, your City of Palo Alto. Please highly consider our situation. We need
your help. Our situation is urgent. Thank you.

Consent Calendar

MOTION:     Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Schmid to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-6.

3.   Approval of a Final Map to Subdivide One Parcel Totaling 12,375
     Square Feet Into Six Condominium Units Within the RM-30 Zone
     District located at 405 Curtner Avenue. Environmental Assessment:
     Categorically Exempt From the Provisions of the California
     Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Per CEQA Guidelines Sections 15303
     and 15061(b)(3).

4.   Preliminary Approval of the Report of the Advisory Board for Fiscal
     Year 2016 in Connection with the Palo Alto Downtown Business
     Improvement District and Adoption of Resolution 9505 entitled
     “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Declaring its
     Intention to Levy an Assessment Against Businesses within the
     Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District for Fiscal Year
     2016 and Setting a Time and Place for a Public Hearing on May 18, at
     7:00 PM or thereafter, in the City Council Chambers

5.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the Utility
     Meter Audit: Procurement, Inventory, and Retirement.

6.   Approval of the Revised Joint Exercise of Powers Agreement:
     Workforce Development Services for NOVA Consortium to Include the
     Addition of San Mateo County.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Berman, Kniss, Scharff absent

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, with your okay, I'm going to
turn my seat over to Assistant City Manager Ed Shikada. With your
permission.

Mayor Holman: Absolutely. We expect you to be tracking Palo Alto Perry's
activities.
                                                                        Page 19 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Trasncript: 04/27/2015
