                         TRASNCRIPT
Deirdre Crommie, Parks and Recreation Commissioner: Hi there. I'm
Deirdre Crommie sitting on the Parks and Recreation Commission. I did not
sit on the ad hoc, but I'm a member of the Commission. I voted in favor of
our motion to do the hydrology study, because that's essential to move
forward on anything. We have to know what's going on there. I'm a real
big supporter on opening it up. It's not going to cost that much money to
put the fencing in there. I just think that we have to start envisioning that
area as integrated with our park because of really what Council Member
Schmid said, that we're going to have really hard decisions to make once the
study comes through. Just getting people in there to see it is going to be
important and also getting Acterra used to the concept that they might not
have that place long term. They're going to have to slowly kind of integrate
use. They're going to have to be a good neighbor to the residents of Palo
Alto, as they are, and figure out a way to open that up. I feel like we just
get a lack of inertia when we can't actually see what's going on there. We
won't have the kind of engagement over the final decision-making unless we
open that up. I'd be in favor of that.

Ms. Markevitch: I'm actually not in favor of opening it up. There's really not
much to see there right now. There are safety issues. I'm always erring on
the side of fiscal "why are we spending this money when it doesn't make
sense." If we don't know if we're going to use it later on or not use it, to me
I'd rather just be the fiscally responsible one and say it's 50,000 here,
50,000 there. It adds up. Let's just not do that anymore. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights. This is a hard one, for me personally,
because it's land that we own. It's supposed to be open to the public. I'm
sympathetic to both sides of this. It's a very hard call for me. I'm more
prone to go with the Staff and Parks and Rec Commission recommendation,
but it's a close call for me.

Council Member Berman: I agree that it's a tough call. This is one instance
where I'm going to defer to our Commission and kind of respect the work
that they did on this. Hopefully we come back when the hydrology study is
done and reevaluate. I definitely see where everyone's coming from on this.

Mayor Holman: With that, we will vote on the board to install the necessary
fencing and gates to ensure that the 7.7-acre site including the Acterra
nursery is safe and secure and install a simple loop trail and two park
benches and open the site to the public. Vote on the board please. That
amendment fails on a 3-5 vote with Council Member Scharff—I mis-voted. I
mis-voted. Could we correct my vote please? That's a negative vote. I
mis-voted. That amendment fails on a 2-6 vote with Vice Mayor Schmid and
Council Member Scharff voting yes.

                                                                        Page 59 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
