                          TRANSCRIPT

including Class 4 bike lanes on El Camino Real.        Five, in-house VTA bus
improvements.

Council Member Burt: I'd like to hit a few different topics. One is that one
of the most cost effective approaches and essential ones is to improve
what's described as first and last mile. That's really an antiquated concept,
because it's not so much a distance as a time to get to that transportation.
We use that term nevertheless. We have a number of programs in our list
that address that. I think we really want to emphasize it, and perhaps in
that context of prioritization. It often gets given a lower priority than big,
expensive, glamorous projects. It's really what feeds the transit system.
Second, just in response to the concern over increased California Avenue
services, I really don't think that's very much a topic under this discussion.
It's an important one. We had as a Rail Committee, I think it was two to
three years ago, that Caltrain was increasing trains. One of the real
discussions was which stops got that additional service.             As a Rail
Committee, we had this discussion with Caltrain, and it was illuminating.
The responses were, "We just added an additional stop to University Avenue.
That's what Palo Alto gets in additional service." We tried to push back and
say, "We have 60-plus thousand employees in a short distance to the Cal.
Ave. Station. We have lots of shuttle buses that go from University into the
Research Park, because they don't have Cal. Ave. service."              Basically
Caltrain explained that they have essentially political pressures that drive
their service level as much as demand. We really got heavy push-back on
this. It's something that has to be discussed at a deeper level in terms of
what are the subjectives of Caltrain of serving their political constituents,
meaning the member agencies along the line versus where the demand
really lies. Moving back to really more specifically this area, I would also
want to look at a couple of things. One that isn't in here at all, and that is—I
saw on Middlefield for instance there was a program to add bus and other
transportation improvements there. There's nothing on Alma. This was
something that was brought up when we were looking at our shuttle system,
expanding a shuttle onto El Camino when we have this great VTA bus
system with great headways on El Camino and no bus service on Alma in
part because there are no good, established bus turnouts, in particular going
southbound. This is something that I think we need to look at the physical
layout of Alma and create that. Long term that is a major corridor for Palo
Alto, and it has no transit. Another thing is the prioritization of the grade
separations for pedestrians. We have three listed, and two are redoing the
ones in north Palo Alto at Cal. Ave. I'm trying to remember which was the
other one that was listed there. I was glad to see that there is a south Palo
Alto pedestrian grade separation, but south Palo Alto has no pedestrian
                                                                         Page 83 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
