                          TRANSCRIPT

guidance to how this would be then integrated with the Comp Plan
discussions. I think it belongs in that vein. Because it's new, we're trying to
sort that through. If there are fiscal impacts, then we should flag those. If
they're significant, we'd refer them to the Finance Committee. If they don't
appear to be significant, kind of standalone or identifiable impacts, then we
wouldn't need to. There was a letter at places from Art Liberman that raised
an issue. I don't agree with kind of all the implications of what he had to
say, but I do think this is a concept that should be integrated with land use
and zoning, and how do we help assure that we've done those with an
adequate consideration of the health of the community. We're already
taking certain measures to address some of his concerns. This is at a
conceptual level. As a value that then informs creations of policies. I think
it belongs there within our land use and zoning considerations as well.
Those are my thoughts. I think, as a result, I would favor that it go to Policy
and Services. As I said, I don't see that as a protracted measure. I see it
as one discussion item, and then it would come back to the Council in the
way that we normally do it. We hear Council input, giving us guidance, and
then we flesh it out in a deeper discussion at Policy and Services. It returns
to Council reflecting both the guidance and trying to flesh that out.

Mayor Holman: I think City Clerk had looked up something.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Yeah. We had put several of the meetings on the
Council events calendar for the Healthy Cities meetings.

Mayor Holman: Again, we do acknowledge, Staff did too, that this didn't
follow the normal course and tried to explain why. I understand Council
Members' comments. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll just essentially second the comments by
Council Members DuBois and Burt. Although, I can flip a coin about whether
it goes to Policy and Services or just goes back to Staff to come back to
Council. I think Council Member Burt has made a good case for going to
Policy and Services. On the other hand, the extra Staff time required to
send it to Policy and Services, I guess that's probably the strongest case
against it. We're talking about a long-range Priority here for the City. I
don't see an absolute need for it to get done this calendar year.           I
understand the desire to do so. I certainly respect all of the work that
people have put in. It would be a nice cap on the year's worth of work to
have it done before the end of the calendar year. I fully appreciate that. As
far as Policy and Services' schedule goes, we do have a lot on our agenda,
but I think we could probably squeeze this in sometime in the next few
                                                                         Page 69 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
