                          TRANSCRIPT
to promote the Council's policy to promote additional housing density in the
PTOD district. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jonathan, anything?

Mr. Lait: No, but happy to answer any questions that the Council wants me
to follow up.

Mayor Holman: Very good. As you saw in the Staff presentation on Slide
Number 3, the plan this evening is to go through the ordinance, which is
Attachment A, and do it in bundles. Group 1 is signs. You'll notice after
each section in the ordinance itself, it refers to the matrix number or
numbers. You can cross-reference that way. Section 1—Group 1, I should
say, is page 1 of the ordinance to page 5 ending with Section 3 about a third
of the way down the page. With Group 1, signs, are there any questions or
comments by Council Members? It could be questions, comments and
Motions by Council Members. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid:       Just a quick question on the signs.       In your
presentation, Jonathan, you had a couple of pictures of the projecting sign
on the right-hand side there.       I understand the ordinance limits the
projecting sign to 5 square feet. Is that right?

Ms. French: Something along those lines, yes, small.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It seems the example you gave there has well over 5
square feet.

Mr. Lait: Yeah, and that received a sign exception. It was just more
illustrative more than trying to speak to the size of the sign. All those would
go before the ARB.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I just noticed that. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Going back and going into your own reports which is
page 4 and packet page 241. You have a more extensive look at the signs.
Of this number that you're showing, are there an enormous number of signs
that don't meet our definition now or our new interpretation? Are we likely
to hear from any number of owners? Frequently I'm asked about how can
we get some signage.

Mr. Lait: I don't know that we have an order of magnitude. I understand
that maybe there's a small handful of sign exception requests that are
processed in a given year.
                                                                        Page 42 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
