                          TRANSCRIPT
Staff to be heard on December 7, 2015 with changes as outlined in At Place
Memorandum.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Holman: Our next item on the agenda is City Manager Comments.
Jim, back to you.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Members of the
Council. I did want to call out to attention that this morning we raised the
French flag at half-staff, at the same level as the American flag, as the
President had instructed to be the situation until Thursday and as a way to
show our support to the people of Paris following the terrorist attacks last
weekend. As you now, we have some especially close ties to France through
our Sister City Albi which is situated in southern France on the Tarn River 50
miles from Toulouse. I did want to thank Council Members who asked me
about the French flag this weekend, in particular to thank Lon Peterson in
Claudia Keith's office who not only helped with the photo and everything this
morning. If you came in or if you leave through the main foyer in City Hall,
on the big screen we've got up a couple of photos with the tricolors of
France and pictures of our City in support for the folks in Paris and in France.
Thanks to the Staff for that. I've reported on these before, but just since
we're getting very close to them.          There are a couple of community
meetings we just again want to remind our community about. First again,
this Wednesday, November 18th, we are hosting a public community
meeting related to the site assessment for a new Public Safety Building on
Lot C6 and C7 between California and Sherman Avenues. We'll be bringing
that back to Council for discussion and approval next month. There's a
dedicated        webpage          for      the      project       which       is
cityofpaloalto.org/publicsafetybuilding.       It will have more meeting
information and a current draft of the presentation.           That will be at
Escondido Elementary School Wednesday, November 18th, from 7:00 p.m.
to 9:00 p.m. I think especially importantly on Thursday, November 19th,
the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority in partnership with East
Palo Alto, Palo Alto, Menlo Park, San Mateo County Flood Control District and
Santa Clara Valley Water District, which comprise the membership of the
Joint Powers Authority governing body, is hosting an important community
meeting from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. at Lucie Stern to talk about what has been
done to reduce flood risks; sand bags, when, where and how do people get
them and place them; as well as highlight the new flood warning site; and
just have a general dialog related to the potential El Nino winter. Speaking
of sand bags, we had a very successful sand bag day yesterday at the

                                                                             Page 23 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
