                             MINUTES
MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Filseth
to direct Staff to present the Comprehensive Plan Update to explore limiting
Office/Retail and Development (R&D) each year within 10,000 to 45,000
square feet.

Vice Mayor Schmid provided four reasons a growth cap was logical. The
National Citizens Survey ranked parking, traffic, planning and the quality of
development in the 40th percentile for the second consecutive year.
Residents paid $3 for every $1 paid by commercial enterprises; yet, the
commercial sector was growing two or three times as fast as the residential
sector. Residents paid three times as much sales tax as workers. Between
2001 and 2015, commercial office space grew by 517,000 square feet.
Retail space declined by 37,000 square feet.          The Council and the
community should address the issues and decide what Palo Alto should be in
the next 10-15 years.

Mayor Holman noted the time was 9:30; however, she would allow Council
Member Filseth to speak to his second. She inquired whether the Council
should offer Motions to table the pending Motion and to continue the item.
She asked if there should be separate Motions for both items.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, stated yes.

Council Member Filseth believed many of the issues were affected by the
jobs/housing ratio. TDM Programs were a partial solution. New concrete
and steel building construction added 70-80 pounds of carbon dioxide per
square foot of commercial space.       Office development had multiple
dimensions, and the Council needed to consider all of them. For a majority
of Palo Alto residents, the incremental benefits of office expansion were
outweighed by the incremental costs. Many buildings had an FAR that did
not match the statutory FAR limit. The Council should proceed deliberately
and discuss a time horizon component.

Mayor Holman asked if two Motions were needed.

Ms. Stump replied no. Only a Motion to Continue the item was needed.

MOTION TO CONTINUE: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to continue this item to March 2, 2015.

Mayor Holman advised that Council Members who did not provide comments
would be allowed to speak first on March 2.

Council Member Burt was displeased by the process. He understood the half
hour allotted for comments would be divided among nine Council Members

02/09/2015                                                            116- 473
