                         TRANSCRIPT
we received positive public feedback. Everybody was wondering when the
project would be approved. Please approve it. We did receive one comment
regarding an existing storm drain on the site. That is a condition with the
property owner that that would be improved prior to the construction of the
City project. That plan is in the City's hands for review at this point. We do
have a Planning Commissioner present to address any questions regarding
their evaluation of the project. The recommendation is for approval of the
project subject to the findings and conditions contained in the Record of
Land Use Action. That concludes my presentation. I'll be happy for any
questions you may have.

Council Member Burt: I would like to move the Staff recommendation which
is approval of a Site and Design Review and Conditional Use Permit to allow
the construction of the proposed pedestrian and bicycle pathway and the
associated site improvements based upon the findings and conditions of
approval contained in the Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Scharff: Second

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, seconded by sounded like Council
Member Scharff.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve the Site and Design Review and Conditional Use Permit to
allow the construction of the proposed pedestrian and bicycle pathway, and
associated site improvements based upon the findings and the conditions of
approval contained in the Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Burt: This is something that we made the first steps on as
a Council in 2008. It's good to see this is coming about. We don't often get
opportunities to create new pedestrian ways in the City, connecting what are
otherwise areas that are isolated from one another. I'm glad to hear, what
appears to be the case, that we don't have a parking deficit in the adjacent
higher density neighborhood, and we don't anticipate spillover parking. I
look forward to seeing the community use this.

Council Member Scharff: It's fantastic that we're creating more of these
pedestrian and bicycle ways and we're connecting an area that is a little
isolated. Really glad to see this come forward. It's been a long time coming
forward, since 2008. I'm glad we're finally getting this done.




                                                                         Page 37 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
