                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Richardson: If you'll recall Slide Number 10, that was one of the
questions that we looked at, where I commented that—you can see on the
bottom there—even though it rates fairly low, we're actually similar to other
cities.   Overall, as people approach retirement, their perceptions may
change about where they live. It may be things such as they're on a fixed
income, and it becomes more expensive. As prices increase wherever you
live, if you're on a fixed income, you're going to have that issue. If you
consider what Houman was showing, because he looked at that same
question, older people had a different perception, for example, of parking,
ease of parking in Palo Alto. They were typically people who had lived here
a long time. When you've lived somewhere a long time and change occurs,
you're more likely to notice that change and say, "This isn't the same place
where I lived when I moved here 20 years ago." Some of that is maybe
perception as things change.

Council Member Kniss: One of the observations I would make is the
National Citizen Survey—call it page 5. I don't know what it is—maintains
that Area 6 is where they rank it the most highly, which was interesting
because that's the closest to University Avenue, therefore, the easiest to
walk and get to places easily. There was one time when people didn't like to
live in north Palo Alto. Now, it has become one of the most desirable places
to live in town. There's a lot more going on in that area than there was
many years ago. That may have changed it. People often say, "We would
love to sell our house and move to north Palo Alto, to move north of
University, but we can't afford it."

Council Member Berman: Thank you, guys, for all of this information plus
the Tableau information online. I'd be lying if I said I've gone through it all
with a fine-tooth comb, but I will during our Council break in July. I'll spend
a week going through it all and look forward to asking some more detailed
questions then. A couple of general questions and comments. First of all,
thank you for the work that you guys are doing on performance measures.
On Finance Committee over the past couple of years, that's always an area
that I've wanted to ask lots of questions. I'll ask a couple of questions, and
then I feel bad for continuing to go back to them, and so I'll stop as the
meetings go on. Clearly they're an area that needed a lot of improvement.
It's great that you guys are keying in on that. I'm going to have a couple of
questions in the different documents you've provided. On page 1 of the
report to our citizens, for the median price of a single-family home from
Fiscal Year 2013 to Fiscal Year 2014, it seems like the cost of homes went
down 5 percent, which seems odd based on everything that I hear in the
community.



                                                                         Page 9 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
