                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lew: Also it doesn't say that that's exclusive. Those are examples of.
If you look in our ...

Council Member Filseth:    It does say limited to minor changes to setback,
daylight plane, etc.

Mr. Lew: I would agree. When it came in as a preliminary, the elevator
tower was bigger than it is now. It was a pretty unanimous opinion on the
Board that it was too big. They did scale it back. It's a judgment call now, if
you think it's still too big.

Council Member Filseth: You took into account the fact that it was originally
larger and had been reduced in size by the applicant?

Mr. Lew: Yeah. We do have something unusual in Palo Alto which is we
have a larger elevator requirement for emergency reasons. Not all cities
have that requirement. That's another (crosstalk).

Council Member Filseth: The requirement for the elevator is predicated on
having the roof top terrace. That would be some circularity.

Mr. Lew: Circular logic, yeah.

Council Member Wolbach: If we have a requirement for two stairways to
access the roof, clearly for safety reasons if the roof is in use, was it
considered at any point to move the stairwells closer to the center of the
roof, so that there would be less of a daylight plane impact from those
stairwells on adjacent properties?

Mayor Holman: It would be good if you asked that question of Board
Member Lew; otherwise, we'd drift into questions for Staff which we're not
ready for. If that makes sense.

Mr. Lew:      I don't think it was specifically asked.    There is a Code
requirement that the stairs have to be separated by half the diagonal length
of the building. There is a minimum requirement for that. Just in general,
though, to me ideally, because it's a corner site, if there's some sort of
higher, taller element, it would be on the corner. That where they have
vehicular access. As somebody said, that's unfortunate. Our context-based
criteria would normally encourage something taller at the corner and not
next to the adjacent property owners.

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to ask a follow on. On the issue of
exceptional or extraordinary circumstances, if I understand what you said
correctly, the extraordinary circumstance is it's a 37-foot zone. However,

                                                                        Page 37 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
