                         TRANSCRIPT
amendment that Council will have either a policy or program following the
approval of the 2016 Urban Water Management Plan on Goal N-4.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Can you just explain about how you see this
working? The water plan will come to us and, at that point, we would create
a policy?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. At that time, we would give direction to the CAC
either through a policy or a program or just a textual.

Council Member DuBois: I'll accept that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach:      Before I accept it, I'd like to hear from the
Planning Director.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Members. My understanding is the Code
of Regulations around General Plans like our Comprehensive Plan require
that the Plan be consistent with the Urban Water Management Plan. Vice
Mayor Schmid is correct.     The City needs to update its Urban Water
Management Plan this year. There are very kind of rigid requirements for
what that plan contains. That plan will be done in time for the Comp Plan
Update to reflect the outcome of that plan. I appreciate the sentiment with
which the Motion is offered, but I'm not sure that it's needed. I think
statutorily we're going to have to make sure that our Comp Plan is
consistent with the Urban Water Management Plan.

Council Member DuBois: I think what I'm hearing though is a little bit
beyond consistency. We may want to specify some policies related to water
once we have that.

Ms. Gitelman:     Again, I think we're going to have to have a water
resources—a policy framework that's consistent with our Urban Water
Management Plan or that certainly is not in conflict. There's no reason why
the Council can't, when we look at the version of the element that the CAC
puts together based on your direction tonight, that you couldn't add or
modify the policies and programs at that time if you felt this wasn't
sufficiently accomplished. I think it's as a matter of course, we're going to
have to address this issue in the Comp Plan Update.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess my point is just that the Council is giving a
statement to the CAC that they would like attention paid.

                                                                       Page 52 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
