                         TRANSCRIPT
years from now and the California Avenue area looked just like the
University Avenue area. I think we need some diversity that way in town. I
like the existing definitions of University Avenue and the Stanford Shopping
Center, for example, as regional centers; whereas, California Avenue,
Midtown, Town and Country Village are kind of multi-neighborhood centers.
I think that's a better way to look at this than doing that. For those reasons
I think that the existing organization is a better structure to move forward
with.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, speak to your second.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just to support the notion. I think there are four new
goals added in here. I think the old structure sort of focuses attention in a
clearer and better way.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I agree with the Motion. I actually have an
amendment that I'll propose in a second. I did think that this element had
the biggest change between—it seemed like a lot of policy changes in this
element.     I think it's important that we haven't really talked about
diversifying the economic base. I think our expenses are going up faster
than our revenues are. That's a big concern. I hope when the CAC talks
about this element that Staff will ask them to think about that. As the
nature of sales tax revenues is going down, less companies are making
product, more of them are engaged in services. What does that mean for
the City and what kind of businesses do we really need to attract to have a
good revenue base? I also agree with the comments about Cal. Ave. and
University Ave. The PTC draft really shifts Cal. Ave. and University Ave. to
be more employment centers. Again, we'd like to try to keep—I have my
notes here—Cal. Ave. weird. It's the same idea. We want to keep it
different than University Avenue. This is more a thought for Staff and the
CAC. I look at some other retail areas on the Peninsula, say Burlingame or
Los Gatos. They have really interesting retail areas. Somehow I think we
need to have policies to encourage Cal. Ave. to do that. It may involve in
our economic development Staff working with property owners to
understand what's a good mix. I don't think we want to prescribe a mix, but
somehow I don't think we're really managing Cal. Ave. the way you see
areas like Los Gatos popping up where they keep an interesting, diverse mix
of retailers. Nothing concrete there, just some things I've been thinking
about. We've had discussions about restaurants versus retail and protecting
retail, but I think maybe we're missing an opportunity. Even within Palo
Alto, when you look at Town and Country versus Cal. Ave., it's one property
owner at Town & Country but they manage the assortment. Is there a way

                                                                        Page 72 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
