                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: 3045 is?

Ms. Gitelman: It is complete. I don't know the status of the others that are
shown here as incomplete, I'm afraid. I'll have to consult with Staff.

Council Member Scharff: I'm either happy to do it tonight. I probably
wouldn't support if it was just a matter of being incomplete without
understanding why it's incomplete. If you've had your application in for a
couple of years—the PC one is also an interesting one. My recollection was
that they changed that to submit a plan that wasn't a rezoning, but maybe
they never did that. I remember hearing something about that, but maybe
they never did. We need to be fair and reasonable to people that have had
their projects in the pipeline for two years. That's all I'm saying. It might
be a little arbitrary to say complete or incomplete, but it may not be. Are
you going to bring those back to us and we'll take a look at it.

Council Member Filseth: I would worry about if we put the discussion off
until the fall, then this is going to be weird coming back in the fall and
saying, "We've got something that's retroactive to July 1, 2015."

Council Member Scharff: (crosstalk) tonight.

Council Member Filseth: I agree with you. That's going to be weird. People
that are rushing to get their applications in, because they think July 1st
might be the date, then they're going to have to wait. It seems a little
awkward to me. It's a real issue. We've got 120,000 square feet of office
space in the pipeline for the Cal. Ave. area alone. This is something we need
to deal with.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, is there a motion?        We're not going to
deal with it if there's no motion.

Council Member Kniss: I was persuaded by you, Mayor Holman. If we could
move and get the others done tonight, you've mentioned your very tight
schedule for the next two meetings. Given what Hillary has said, we
probably will take this up in August. Do you think so? I'm guessing that's
when we'll hear it. It's probably six or seven weeks from now.

Mayor Holman: My concern is if we wait very long, these projects—August is
another two months away already. I don't know what the best way is to
address these, but 441 we're taking up shortly. 2555 has been approved.
We have, we know tonight, two more projects that have applications that
are complete on Park Boulevard. I'm sympathetic to Council Member Filseth
and have been, as Director Gitelman and others would know, sensitive to
what's happening in the California Avenue area for some time. If we just
                                                                      Page 87 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
