                         TRANSCRIPT
B.   Direct Staff to proceed with design and environmental review of a
     3-story Public Safety Building meeting zoning requirements on Lot C-6,
     and to proceed with design and environmental review of a new public
     parking garage on Lot C-7 that will provide approximately 460 public
     parking spaces (160 net new spaces), including evaluation of costs and
     other impacts to potentially provide additional parking beyond the 460
     spaces.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Council Member Wolbach: Any second? I guess everybody wants to go with
retail.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: I don't have any other lights. I have one. I just want Staff
to commit to understanding that—I think you do—we're not just looking at
zoning compliance. We are looking at the architectural standards that we
have set in our Code that will be satisfied, and the other things I mentioned
about design. I'm happy to support retail being a part of this and looking for
Staff to present some options having to do with that. With that, the motion
...

Council Member Wolbach: The motion doesn't show any of that.

Mayor Holman: Yeah, it does because it's Option C for the parking garage.

Council Member Wolbach: It's not in there. It's not (inaudible) it's not in
the motion. (inaudible) at the screen right now.

Mayor Holman: I thought you had mentioned Option C.

Council Member Scharff: I did say (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: it was Option C for parking structure options, David. Greg,
you good? The motion in front of the Council then is ...

Council Member Wolbach: Does he want to have the retail (inaudible)?

Mayor Holman: It is covered, because it's Option C which has retail in it.
The motion in front of the Council is to direct Staff to proceed with design
and environmental review of a three-story Public Safety Building meeting
zoning requirements on Lot C-6 and to proceed with design and
environmental review of a new public parking garage using Option C on Lot
C-7 that will provide approximately 460 public parking spaces, 160 net new
spaces, including valuation of costs and other impacts of potentially
                                                                      Page 102 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
