                    ACTION MINUTES
11.   PUBLIC HEARING: To Consider an Appeal of the Director of Planning
      and Community Environment’s Architectural Review Approval of a
      31,407 Square-Foot, Four Story, Mixed Use Building with Parking
      Facilities on Two Subterranean Levels on an 11,000 Square-Foot Site
      in the Downtown Commercial (CD-C (GF)(P)) Zone District located at
      429 University Avenue; and Approval of a Mitigated Negative
      Declaration.    Environmental Assessment:     A Mitigated Negative
      Declaration has been Prepared.

Public Hearing opened at: 7:12 P.M.

Public Hearing closed at 8:50 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to continue Agenda Item 12- Policy and Services Committee
Recommendation Regarding Changes to City Council and Standing
Committee Minutes to Wednesday, May 6, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss not participating

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to continue the appeal and request additional studies and redesign
that would address the following:

A.    Greater respect for the context-based design criteria, Municipal Code
      Section 18.18.110, contextual and compatibility criteria. Have the
      project have a great context, meaning relationships between the site's
      development to adjacent street types; and

B.    Under (a)(2), compatibility. The project return in a way that the
      construction shares general characteristics and establishes design
      linkages with the overall pattern of buildings, so that the visual unity
      of the streets is maintained; and

C.    Compatibility: specifically readdressing the siting, scale and massing
      and to study shadow patterns; and

D.    Under (b)(2), street building façades. The building to return with
      greater reinforcement of the relationship of the street with the building
      mass. The upper floors need to have setback to fit in with the context
      of the neighborhood. Specifically, the look and feel from the street

                                                                           Page 5 of 11
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 05/04/15
