                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: What if it said "voting members must be Palo Alto
residents"? That way it leaves open the possibility of nonvoting members to
not be residents.

Council Member DuBois: That's the way it is right now. The 17 must be
residents. There were 3 at large. I understood Stanford, PAUSD, and I can't
remember what the third one was.

Council Member Wolbach: As it's currently worded, this Motion does not
allow for the ex officio members to be non Palo Alto residents if necessary.

Ms. Gitelman: I was just going to clarify. The ex officio were Unified School
District, the Planning Commission and Stanford. Council Member Wolbach is
correct. We'd need some clarification if it was okay with the Council for the
Stanford rep to be a nonresident.

Council Member DuBois: If you wanted to change it to "voting members
must be Palo Alto residents."

Council Member Wolbach: That's totally fine with me. That would be great.

Mayor Holman: Is that acceptable, Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah. I actually …

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part A, “must be Palo Alto
resident” with "voting members must be Palo Alto residents."

Council Member Berman: Council Member Wolbach just complicated what I
was going to do. I completely agree with Council Member Burt and Council
Member DuBois and others that we can find more than enough qualified
residents in Palo Alto. An outsider's perspective can be valuable to the
conversation, especially when you're talking about transportation issues and
others. It's true that this is our City's Comp Plan, but our City has a lot of
nonresidents that are here.        We double, almost triple, in size with
nonresidents that have a certain perspective. I'd never recommend giving
them a 50/50 share with residents. What I was going to propose was that
the City Manager have the option of having up to three members be
nonresidents. Now that we've got voting members must be Palo Alto
residents, and the three ex officio are already prescribed as being one from
Stanford, one from PAUSD, one from somewhere else that I'm forgetting,
I'm not sure if there's a lot of opportunity for anybody from Redwood City
who commutes here or Sunnyvale. Maybe we don't get anybody who
applies and fits that, but there's a chance. They'd offer a pretty valuable
                                                                       Page 118 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
