                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lew: If they're mixed use. They're all CC(2) zoning. If you read the
zoning carefully, there's a little footnote. The CC(2) zones that are next to
RM-40 get a 50-foot height limit.

Council Member Filseth: I have a question for Mr. Lew. Actually I have two
questions. Maybe you can elaborate a little bit. I'm looking at the Code,
and it says neither the Director nor the City Council on appeal shall grant a
Design Enhancement Exception unless it is found that there are exceptional
or extraordinary circumstances or conditions applicable to the property or
site improvements involved that do not apply generally to property in the
same zone district. Can you explain what those exceptional or extraordinary
circumstances or conditions are?

Mr. Lew: This particular site is different than the adjacent properties,
because of what I just mentioned before, the zoning. It has a 37-foot height
limit, and then the adjacent properties have a 50-foot height limit if they're
mixed use. If they're commercial, then it would be the same. That's the
same 37-foot height limit. That's, to me, the distinguishing thing that was
discussed at the ARB meeting.

Council Member Filseth: The exceptional or extraordinary circumstance is
that theoretically the adjacent buildings might be able to go above 37 feet.

Mr. Lew: Right. If you read the minutes, I did second guess that. If it's
mixed use, there's no extra floor area. I know you've seen some of the
other projects recently. If they're mixed use, they get an extra 1.0 floor
area, like in the Downtown area. In this particular zone, there's no extra
floor area for mixed-use buildings. The neighboring buildings would have a
setback to the Palo Alto Central. There are different things going on on this
property than there would be on the adjacent properties. It's confusing.

Council Member Filseth: In your mind, the fact that they are different
constitutes an exceptional or extraordinary circumstance.

Mr. Lew: Yeah. It's a judgment call.

Council Member Filseth: The second one I wanted to ask was normally
there's a description here of what Design Enhancement Exceptions should
be, and it says eave lines, bay windows, arcades, fountains, arts, trellises.
If they don't see elevator towers and things like that on here, does that fit
within the context?

Mr. Lew: It does say stairs.

Council Member Filseth: It does say stairs.
                                                                       Page 36 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
