                            MINUTES
Ms. Nanda explained that the unpermitted additions were recognized as
bedrooms; therefore, the appraised value reflected the bedrooms and
compensated residents for them. The Hearing Officer did not instruct the
park owner to count the number of bedrooms created by the tenant in
determining relocation assistance.

Mayor Holman was not aware of zoning that governed mobile home park
additions, setbacks, or anything of that nature.

Ms. Stump understood those issues were regulated by HCD, which typically
delegated inspection authority to the county. Although the park was located
within the city limits, that type of activity was undertaken by the county.

Mayor Holman asked what constituted legal nonconforming use.

Ms. Stump understood construction work on the units would not be
permitted in the same way as traditional housing in other residential zones
within the City.

Mayor Holman commented that the discussion of schools included the terms
"intention" and "intend". A prior City Attorney had stated that he could not
interpret intentions.

Ms. Stump explained that the parties and Hearing Officer referred to
intentions, because they were all lawyers. When a court reviewed a writing,
the court asked what was intended by the language. It was not the same
thing as looking into an individual's heart and mind. It was an attempt to
ascertain what was meant by the language when it was drafted.

Council Member Scharff remarked that the definition of comparable mobile
home park contained language different from the definition of comparable
housing.    Comparable mobile home park was important only when
discussing residents physically moving their existing mobile homes from
Buena Vista. Otherwise, the language was not important.

Ms. Nanda concurred. It was important to recognize that there were no
other mobile home parks in Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff felt that was irrelevant. "Such as" would only apply
if someone was moving his mobile home from Buena Vista to another mobile
home park. The lump-sum payment involved comparable housing which did
not contain the "such as" language.

Ms. Nanda agreed.


                                                                      Page 22 of 41
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 04/14/15
