                         TRANSCRIPT
use of third-party rating systems, just not necessarily as an enforcement
tool. The second item in the Green Building Ordinance improvement list is
inclusion of laundry to landscape ready infrastructure.       Essentially the
requirement includes the installation of a diverter valve on the back of
washing machine fixtures in new construction projects. I've a graphic on the
next slide that will show you. In addition, we have outlined increased water
efficiency measures lowering the square footage requirement trigger for
increased efficiency standards for irrigation on both residential and
nonresidential projects.     The graphic before you outlines a conceptual
diagram of a laundry to landscape ready system. Laundry to landscape is a
simple concept of taking the laundry water that's been used and sending it
out to the lawn for irrigation. In the proposed requirements, the item that is
included in the proposed requirement is the installation of the diverter valve
at the clothes washer drain line which is outlined in the red circle that you
see in front of you. The actual laundry to landscape piping and irrigation
installation will remain voluntary. The intention behind this portion of the
Ordinance amendment is to again eliminate the barrier to entry for those
who want to go that step beyond and install a gray water. We're not
mandating any use of gray water at this time, just for the infrastructure to
be included as part of a new construction project. With that, I'll send it back
over to Peter to talk about our future priorities.

Mr. Pirnejad: Just to close things up, we wanted to just quickly go over
where we're going to go next after tonight. We are going to reconvene the
Green Building Advisory Group to talk about a solar electric mandate and
think about ways that we could make that cost effective. We're going to be
thinking about a Zero Net Energy design mandate as we look into residential
buildings becoming Zero Net Energy. We're going to continue conversations
with the Electric Utility about electrification. We are going to be revisiting
our electric vehicle policy for remodeled and existing homes. From the
water perspective, now that we've received the response from the Executive
Order, we are going to be taking a closer look at how our new construction
can respond to our new environment through cistern mandates, recirculation
pumps, gray water systems that are a little bit more aggressive, and
elimination of lawns. All things that we can think about and investigate.
What's before you tonight is the following motions to adopt our Green
Building and Energy Codes. With that, we would welcome any questions
that you might have. Thank you for your time.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a quick question. Certain parts of town are in
flood districts. By mandate with a certain refurbishing, remodel of the
home, they have to raise it three feet. Does this affect that mandate at all?




04/20/2015                                                             117- 331
