                         TRANSCRIPT
team. Just overall, they began early this year getting community input, and
they are in that process which Barbara will go over in a few minutes. We
are hoping to complete the plan in March 2016 and are on target to do so.
I'm going to turn it over to Barbara Goldstein now.

Barbara Goldstein: Thank you very much for making the time in your
schedule for this. I'm very pleased to be speaking to the Mayor and City
Council, and I can't wait to hear what you have to say. This is basically
where we are. The scope of the Master Plan is to develop a vision, identify
partnerships, make recommendations about what types of art and where,
evaluate the current collection, and make recommendations about the
collection and maintenance. We are looking at a number of the policies.
Some of them exist and needed to be updated. Other ones we're writing.
Those include the murals policy, accession and deaccession, the code for
Percent for Art in both public and private development, temporary artwork
and the artist selection processes. We've had 32 interviews to date, 14
focus groups, a boot camp that included the City Staff and Commissioners,
two advisory committee meetings. We developed an advisory committee
that is made up of a cross-section of people from around the City that
represent neighborhood groups and other key stakeholders and entities.
We've had one Public Art Commission retreat.           We also felt that not
everybody likes to go to meetings, and so we thought it would be a really
good idea to create a project that would go out to the community. We
commissioned a team of artists called the Mobile Art Platform who have been
going around the neighborhoods on their bicycles and gathering information,
giving people photographs of themselves and capturing their ideas. We will
be compiling those hundreds of people who participated in this, and the
locations have been as diverse as the Magical Bridge Playground to Lytton
Plaza and many other places. These are the kinds of things that we've heard
about places where art should be located: California Avenue, University
avenue, King Plaza, Rinconada Park and its new configuration, Cubberley
Community Center, Midtown, south Palo Alto, Stanford Research Park, hiking
and bike trails with an emphasis on environmental art. There are topics that
we've heard that have come up time and time again. I believe that they'll
be reinforced by what we hear from the MAP group. Supporting teens,
caring for the environment, enlivening neighborhoods, creating an art-
focused central gathering place where people can come together around the
arts, commissioning pedestrian-friendly art particularly in places that are
retail districts, installing temporary art, addressing commuters since your
population grows substantially during the daytime, and locating art in
unexpected places. Here are some examples of what these kinds of projects
might do. In Seattle, we commissioned an artist to develop a piece at a
community center that she made skateboard-friendly, so it's interactive. In
Minneapolis, artists worked with teams to create murals. Environmental
                                                                      Page 2 of 107
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/5/15
