                          TRANSCRIPT
executive with Twitter and an executive with Google. They would, I pray,
someday they'd like to come back and live here. I've already been told
they're never going to be able to live here. Singapore's not cheap, and you
know that. They already said Palo Alto is ridiculous, and they wouldn't be
able to live here which is a shame, a terrible shame. My daughter who is a
gifted architect and building beautiful homes all over this town and others
lives in Marin and commutes down here to build these homes. It's not a
healthy situation. I know you're going to work hard to make this Comp Plan
do the best it can to provide for that future. Thanks for your work on it.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming. Pat Saffir to be followed by Shani
Kleinhaus.

Pat Saffir: I have a couple of very specific comments, but I think you'll see
where my heart is from the comments. One of my major concerns in land
use planning is providing sufficient sites to meet our housing needs. In
connection with this, I see that the Staff Report suggests that an idea to
include in the new Comp Plan is to limit conversion of retail to residential
use. I know that we're concerned about our retail, but I still feel that this
should be done on a case-to-case basis and not inserted into the Comp Plan
as a principle. Along the same line, I like the PTC's suggestions for Goal L-1.
Urban space is a limited resource. Development needs to be compact, and
the best use made of land to balance natural resources and community
needs. As you can see, I agree with many of the people here tonight. Our
housing situation is critical, and we need to do something about it without
ruining our town. I think we can do it. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Best to you.   Shani Kleinhaus, to be followed by Arthur
Keller.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Holman and City Council. Shani
Kleinhaus, and I'm speaking for myself as a resident of the City, not for the
CAC, not for Audubon, just myself tonight. I looked at the current goals and
the proposed PTC goals. It looks to me that all the existing goals can
accommodate a lot of growth, a lot of housing that we do need. There is no
need for consolidation that makes things a lot more vague and difficult in the
future and a lot more open to interpretation which, I think, would cause a lot
of difficulty in the future. I would think that some of those goals could just
be kept as they are now, and that we do need a lot of housing. A couple of
things about that. One is that I think housing should be limited to this side
of 101, not on the other side. Part of that is because there is a reference
here to climate change. I think for us the more immediate impact of climate
change is sea level rise. We need to consider that when we think about land
use and how we plan our City. Building on the other side of 101 will not—

                                                                        Page 49 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
