                         TRANSCRIPT
earlier. "The project be resubmitted to the Architectural Review Board" is
where it starts. Is it clean? Are the maker and seconder both happy with
the Motion? Can everybody else follow the new Motion?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion under Architectural
Review Board, “that the Applicant redesign the project.”

Council Member Berman: I thought about the new printout, but I'm good. I
do have a question, if I may?

Council Member Kniss: Again, there's no timeline, right?

Council Member Burt: The Applicant will (inaudible).

Council Member Berman: Under ARB "C," "1C," "the design is compatible
with improvements both on and off the site," I don't know what that means.

Mayor Holman: That's a good point. These were pickups from the Context-
Based Design Criteria. We did during the break talk about adding language
here. Council Member Burt, as maker of the Motion, it says, "the project be
resubmitted to the Architectural Review Board to address the following
Council concerns regarding the required Findings." We're focusing the
Applicant and the ARB on these findings. That is a finding, the design is
compatible with improvements both on and off the site. That's a finding.

Council Member Berman: Assuming a majority approves this, then the
Council will have felt like that Finding wasn't met, but I don't know that
we're giving any guidance as to why that wasn't met.

Mayor Holman: You are correct.

Council Member Berman: We need to make sure that we do that, or else
we're going to be back here nine months from now.

Council Member Burt: The original way that the Motion was worded was all
around the Findings. We've morphed it into directions to ARB to give
greater clarity. All of these directions are based upon concerns over ability
to meet Findings. We now have extensive description on what's problematic
in meeting findings. All the other stuff does that.

Council Member Berman: You're saying that all the other stuff gives
direction as to why we don't feel like the design is compatible with approved
improvements both on and off the site.

Council Member Burt: Yeah.
                                                                      Page 99 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
