                          TRANSCRIPT
have to cross comfort zones to be able to make that happen for the City. I
would ask your continued encouragement, but also to encourage other
people that might not even think about public art every second to consider
it.

Mr. Miyaji: There's a question about placement of art. That's a great
question, where it can be placed. Public art can be place-making. It can be
wayfinding. It can be all those things. The Master Plan will look into that.
The golf course is having a wonderful piece of public art put in out there.
That's out of the way; not a lot of people get out there, but it's going to be a
wonderful piece. When it gets in, please go out and take a look at that.
One final thing. Somebody mentioned about the Public Art Master Plan
being incorporated into the Comprehensive Plan. That's a great idea, and it
shows that public art matters in Palo Alto.

Mayor Holman: One last comment which Amanda's comments sparked.
Earlier I understood that in part of the Master Plan Palo Alto High students
were being included as part of that process. I'm wondering if the Art
Commission might look even more to incorporating input from the youth in
the community. We just had a session with the Youth Council prior to this.
They were talking about how 22 percent of the youth feel like they're valued
in the community. What better way to help them be involved in the art in
the community. If you can find a way to better integrate their thoughts,
their input, their expressions of themselves and of this community. Lastly, I
hope I don't embarrass you, Amanda. I don't know; it's probably been three
or four years ago. Your comment about what art meant to you growing up
has always stayed with me, has always resonated with me. That also is
what prompts me to make this comment about incorporating the youth in
our art decisions. Thank you all so very much for your service and for your
additions to the community.

Special Orders of the Day

3.    Appointment of Candidates to the Human Relations Commission.

First Round of voting for three positions on the Human Relations Commission
with terms ending April 30, 2018:

Voting For Theresa Chen:            Berman, Burt, DuBois, Holman, Scharff,
                                    Schmid, Wolbach

Voting For Anita Gat:               Burt

Voting For Shelly Gordon Gray:      DuBois, Holman

                                                                          Page 17 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
