                         TRANSCRIPT
way that our great two people have been doing over the years. I'd be happy
to answer any other questions.

Council Member Wolbach: I will be supporting this. It's a good Motion. I
understand and respect the efforts of the Finance Committee to be budget
hawks and to be very careful about our budget. This is an investment worth
making.

Council Member DuBois: I'm struggling with this one. I do respect the work
of the Finance Committee. I'd like to see us leave tonight with some surplus
remaining. It's very easy to add things back. I would support this, and I'd
like to propose an Amendment that the City Manager propose an alternate
position to cut.

Council Member Kniss: I would support that. That probably was almost
inherent in this suggestion. We did ask to have three positions cut.

Council Member DuBois: What I'm struggling with is he comes back with
another position and we really like that position too. I'm going to make that
proposal. Thank you for accepting that.

Council Member Burt: I haven't accepted it. I would accept an Amendment
that said "the City Manager return with an alternate position to be cut if
required to retain a budget surplus."

Council Member DuBois: Of $1?

Council Member Burt: We'll hear what he says when he comes back. It
gives that framing that we're not saying that—if your concern is a surplus.
If I did the math in my head, we're not yet in jeopardy of coming close to a
lack of ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you accept the Amendment?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I'll accept it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, you're good with that?

Council Member Kniss: I accepted it, yes.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to support this, because Director Gitelman spoke
very well to this, about how we do lag. She listed some of the things that
we do not score well on the Citizens Survey. She may have gotten Vice
Mayor Schmid's vote on that. It is something we hear complaints about a
good deal. Vote on the board please.

                                                                       Page 66 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/8/15
