                            MINUTES
Mayor Holman agreed Healthy City/Healthy Community was a Core Value if
the Council held that discussion. There were many pressing needs and
issues in the community that the Council could address in 2015. She
requested comments on Technology and the Connected City with a Focus on
Fiber.

Council Member DuBois believed the third year of the Priority was a time for
action. Broadband was a utility of the 21st century. This proposed Priority
would ensure innovation and competitive pricing and access and would assist
with the Smart Grid. The challenge would be communicating the benefits to
the community.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member DuBois' comments;
however, he had some concerns about prioritizing fiber over Wi-Fi. Both had
been moving on parallel tracks. He requested Staff comment on prioritizing
one over the other.

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer, had not seen any evidence
that wireless work was impacting the pace of fiber. Both were moving as
quickly as they could. Fiber was a necessary backhaul for wireless and Wi-
Fi. There were some near-term opportunities for Wi-Fi in the community. A
strategy for laying fiber would require multiple years.

Council Member Scharff wanted to focus on both fiber and Wi-Fi.

Mayor Holman noted the proposed Priority would focus on fiber and Wi-Fi.

Council Member Kniss did not believe the proposed Priority would alter
actions concerning fiber and/or Wi-Fi. She was unsure whether it needed to
remain a Priority in 2015.

Council Member Berman was unsure of the Council's role regarding fiber in
2015. He requested Staff comment.

Mr. Reichental noted fiber was scheduled for Council discussion on February
2, 2015. During 2015, the Council would discuss Google Fiber and the
results of an engineering study. At least three major milestones would occur
in 2015. Beyond that, the Council would have to discuss implementation
across the City.

Council Member Wolbach asked if fiber would be delayed by the Council by
omitting it as a Priority.




                                                                      Page 15 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/31/2015
