                          TRANSCRIPT
greatly the patience of the California Avenue businesses and residents and
shoppers through this construction. Now it's time to celebrate, so come to
the plaza and help us inaugurate the new California Avenue. It's pretty cool;
I've been out there a number of times over the past week. That's all I have
to report except one thing.      On the Mayor's comment related to the
secondary transmission line, we have been working, our Staff, Utilities and
other members of our team, directly with Stanford. It involves the Federal
Energy Commission, a bunch of folks. Pretty complicated. It probably would
be in order sometime this summer for us to give an update to the Council as
to where we are to follow up on your comments. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I appreciate that very much. Just one quick note is this
past week, April 21st, was the 121st anniversary of Palo Alto's incorporation.
Thank you for coming back and visiting us; although, I know you don't feel
well, City Manager.

Oral Communications

Sea Reddy: Thanks to the City Council and the citizens of Palo Alto. On
Saturday night 7,500 miles away from here, there was an earthquake in
Nepal. There is a lot of lessons to be learned as they're doing the search
and rescue at this time. I hope someone or a team of people in Palo Alto,
emergency readiness preparation teams and people like us, individuals,
families read up on how things are happening. There's a lot of lessons to be
learned. A 7.9 size earthquake. The last one, I was in LA, was the
Northridge. I was 45 miles away, and it caused a lot of devastation. They
claimed 6.9. I urge people to be cognizant of this, and maybe a team could
go up there, of volunteers and things like that, to see how we can handle it if
and when and how that happens here. Thank you for that. The second
thing I'm going to bring up is not very popular. There is a professor by the
name of Beau Oppenheim that used to work at Northrop. He is an expert in
the industry on the lean opportunities. He offered me one time about he
would like to help public sector as well. If you are interested in the process
of putting together budgets, how we could incorporate lean, which is a big
thing in the industry. A lot of people in Lockheed Martin, Boeing have teams
of lean and doing everything, something like zero-based budgeting and all
that. We all know all these things, but there is new things coming up. If
you want his offering services, maybe a free one-hour session on that, I
could facilitate that. I'm not sure he's going to do it for free. Thank you.
Thanks for your time.

Don Anderson, speaking for five people: Thank you. Mayor Holman and
Honorable Council Members, my name is Don Anderson. I represent the
Friends of Buena Vista. Our membership includes a large list of Palo Alto

                                                                          Page 16 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
