                          TRANSCRIPT
appreciated.     Second, we're really not sure why the High Speed Rail
Authority has kind of pivoted to the northern route. I don't know if you can
shed any light on that. I think they're going to be coming out with their
updated business plan soon. We'd hope that you guys would scrutinize that
plan and look at those assumptions. In terms of cap and trade, I thought
High Speed Rail was getting 25 percent of that until 2020, but it wasn't
permanent. Before it becomes permanent, again, I think really knowing that
they have a viable plan to get there. I hope that you at the State level will
kind of insist on that. If you have any comments on any those.

Mr. Gordon: Sure. First of all, I've made it fairly clear to the leadership of
the High Speed Rail Authority that there has got to be a fairly extensive
process and environmental review process for any work in this corridor. I
think I'm in support of what this Council wants around making sure that we
get the kind of review that engages people and really produces an
environmental document that is sensitive to the region. I'm committed to
that. You are, I think, correct around the fact that High Speed Rail gets 25
percent of the cap and trade. I think it is to 2020. I think in the minds of
the Legislature that's permanent. I know it isn't that way.

Council Member Filseth: I think there's a discussion to make it even more
permanent.

Mr. Gordon: That'll be revisited at some future point, but we're not there
yet. I am looking forward to looking at the revised business plan. At this
point, the commitment of High Speed Rail is Central Valley, then southern
California, then northern California. Until the business plan is changed,
that's where they need to be going.

Council Member DuBois: Can you shed any light on why it feels like they
kind of quickly switched gears and started pushing hard on this EIR?

Mr. Gordon: I know that they're also doing work in southern California, so I
don't know that it—it may feel to them sequenced, but I don't know that it
feels that way to us here.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you very much, Assemblyman, for coming
and joining us tonight. I wanted to ask about water, which we haven't
talked about yet. Municipalities all across the state cut water 20 percent, 25
percent, 30 percent this year. We're all hopeful that El Nino, which I keep
reading is too big to fail, is going to bail us out of this. In the event that it
                                                                         Page 16 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
