                         TRANSCRIPT
nonconforming. It has more weight than that. We're changing actually the
legal status.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss is next please.

Council Member Scharff: I just want to answer his question, if that's all
right. You asked what it would do. I can come back to it.

Council Member Burt: (inaudible) let the Chair (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if our City Attorney wants to come in.
Is there a difference?

Ms. Stump: I would need to look to the experts and the real estate folks
and the planning folks in terms of the practical implications.              My
understanding is that the intention is to create a legal status that would not
have that nonconforming characteristic to it for those existing businesses.

Council Member DuBois:          What    do   you   mean   by   nonconforming
characteristic? That it would expire?

Ms. Stump: in general, when a new land use regulation is implemented, it
does not displace existing businesses. They may remain under the terms in
which they were constructed and occupied. Can't expand, intensify, etc. We
call that legal nonconforming. My understanding is that there's an interest
in declaring or establishing a conforming status for those businesses, but
subject to essentially the same rules of non-intensification.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to go to Council Member Kniss next, and then
Council Member Scharff wants to clarify maybe what—or respond to Council
Member DuBois' comments. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Which one are you taking first?

Mayor Holman: You. You were next in line.

Council Member Kniss: This would move me actually a step closer to
supporting the Ordinance. I think protection of those existing and I think
those that exist right now, thinking of FedEx and Counter and so forth, are
very successful. I think they're the reason a lot of people go to California
Avenue and then stay there for other reasons. I think this gives them a kind
of status that would give them a great deal of comfort. I appreciate Council
Member Scharff adding this.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, did you want to try to clarify your
intention with this?
                                                                       Page 70 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
