                          TRANSCRIPT
between Middlefield and Charleston. It's right across the road from the
nursery. If you look at why we want to put the hotel in this location and if
you look at what's on this screen, you will see that the hotel is very close to
North Bayshore, Mountain View, where in the hotel industry that's the
greatest demand needed for hotel guests, coming from that location. If you
look at where the supply of hotel units are in Palo Alto, they are all along El
Camino and a bit north on the 101. There are no hotels within 2 miles of the
North Bayshore area. Our thought in putting the hotel at this location was
to provide hotel rooms to people close to where the demand was and
prevent them from having to drive all the way through Palo Alto toward the
current supply of hotels exists. We thought this was a bright idea to put it
close to the demand. We thought it would be a traffic reducer as far as a
practical application and would be well received by the community. That
was the thought. If you look at the site itself, it is 2 acres. We assembled
two different parcels. There is one commercial office building and a couple
of small light industrial facilities. This is what they look like, one of the
facilities Hillary showed earlier in her presentation. You can see the two
small light industrial buildings.       Now, the project itself, what we're
proposing. It's two separate hotel structures, two different brands. They
are in kind of hockey-stick formation so that along San Antonio all you see is
the architecture of the buildings. You don't all the hotel activities behind.
It's intended and designed to be a good land use and something pleasing for
the community. All the traffic, all the noise, all the waste is all at the very
back of the property. 90 percent of the parking is underground, so you
don't see it. It's designed to be a very pleasant experience. The building
materials, by the way, we listened to the ARB early session where they said
if the project was to be approved, they would really want high quality
materials. We've gone out of our way to provide a skin on this building that
is far above the brand standards. It's all a cementitious steel troweled stone
system with a lot of glass and metal panel and simulated wood. It should be
architecturally a very pleasing facility. If you look at how the project aligns
with Palo Alto's vision for land use, it is requiring no variances at all. It is
within the land use and the zoning 100 percent. It's slightly under, about 10
percent under, the allowed FAR. It's slightly shorter. It complies in every
way, so we are asking for no variances.            It also provides a positive
experience for the City. If you look at our preliminary TIA traffic studies that
we've done, it impacts according to the traffic consultant traffic by
approximately 1 percent. One thing I want to bring up and let the Council
know tonight is that our offer to the community as kind of an understanding
that traffic is a problem everywhere in the City, is that we would like to offer
to fund a signal optimization program that the City's been planning for San
Antonio Boulevard that, according to the traffic consultants, will improve
signal wait times by anywhere between 8 and 40 percent. We know we
have a very slight impact; it's less than what the City considers significant in
                                                                          Page 3 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
