                         TRANSCRIPT
data, and I think that's an important element. It's spotty because I live in
the 900 block of Bryant, and that's totally booked up. Also, as people
outside the District have said, those curbs are booked up as well. We've got
to enlarge the District. I think that was part of what we learned. We
stakeholders worked hard to work this. I urge the Council to ask Staff to
continue the stakeholder process. We stakeholders volunteered to take data
and go out on the streets and do some of the checking, because we still
don't have enough data. We need more data; there's never enough data, I
know. I would say that we do that. You have my letter. The other thing I
want to say is I don't support the concentric circles. In 2 years from now,
that may change, and those circles will be in the wrong place. What I and
three other of my stakeholders in our subgroup supported was the so-called
micro zone. I call it a macro zone. Ten to 12 zones can be identified with
tags with a bar code or some sort of electronic reader, and you price them
and phase them accordingly.        A 2,000-permit limit penalizes the new
workers just coming into the area. They need to drive to work, and there's
no permits available. I think that's the wrong way to go. I think the best
way to do it is do the micro zone and enlarge it to the area that Staff has
recommended. Good job.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Thanks to everyone who spent time to
come and share thoughts. Your participation is essential for good decisions.
There are only five of us up here on the dais. We need five to continue. It
might be appropriate for us to take just 2 minutes to get up and stretch.
Give us 2 minutes please.

Council took a break from 8:52 P.M. to 9:01 P.M.

Mayor Schmid: ... the Council comments and just to tell my colleagues that
we will end up recommending either a Resolution or Ordinance or ask Staff
to prepare one which needs five votes. We will be sensitive about working
toward consensus. I think the best way to start as there is a lot of
information is to give each Council Member 5 minutes for questions or
comments, and then we'll come back to (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: Greg, could I ask a process question first?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Sure.

Council Member Kniss: Our recommendation that was in our handout
tonight is somewhat different from that which is in the Staff write-up, which
is on page 991 of your packet. When we get to those, I would prefer that
we separate some of those out. I'd like to let people know that now.


                                                                      Page 46 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
