                         TRANSCRIPT
maintenance program team to stay on pace to meet the Council-established
goal of a Citywide average pavement condition index score of 85 with no
streets below 60 by the end of 2019. We are on track to do that. Tomorrow
at noon, an exciting moment for those who are able to make it. Both the
Council and the community is invited for the official inauguration and ribbon
cutting of the restored El Camino Park across from the Stanford Shopping
Center. I mentioned it last week, but this is a probably still hidden new
jewel added to the constellation of infrastructure and building improvements
that Council has been undertaking over the past to ten years. We know the
public will greatly appreciate the athletic fields, the expanded parking lot,
the bike and pedestrian pathways and other amenities. This is just another
example of some of the infrastructure projects we completed this year that
included the Cal. Avenue streetscape program and the Rinconada Library
amongst others. I again did report this earlier, but we will be having a
second sandbag day this Sunday, December 13, from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00
p.m. or until supplies last at the City's Municipal Service Center located at
3201 East Bayshore Road. Palo Alto residents can pick up filled sandbags,
and volunteers and City Staff will help load vehicles. This next bit, though,
is a new announcement. As a pilot program the City will also provide trained
volunteer sandbag installation advisors to meet Palo Alto residents at their
homes to answer questions related to sandbag placement around homes.
The primary goal is to educate our citizens on where to install sandbags to
protect their homes from possible flooding. The advisors won't be placing
the actual sandbags; that will be the responsibility of the homeowners.
Believe it or not, there are important does and don'ts as it relates to putting
out sandbags to actually do the best possible job protecting a home.
Beginning today, Palo Altans can contact the City's Public Works Services
Division at 650-496-6974 Monday through Friday between 9:00 a.m. and
5:00 p.m. to book an appointment. Appointments will be available from
December 14th, 2015 through January 10th, 2016.             We'll have more
information on the website related to that. Community Development Block
Grants are shrinking. This is Federal funding available for multifamily
rehabilitation projects for the 2016-2017 year. We still do expect to be able
to distribute an estimated $300,000 in funding for multifamily housing rehab
from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development as part of the
CDBG program. Funds are distributed to local nonprofit agencies in the form
of grants. While the Council decides which projects to fund from applications
submitted, active citizen participation is an important feature in the CDBG
process. Applications are now available, and the deadline is January 8th,
2016.           For      more      information,     people     can      contact
eloiza.murillogarcia@cityofpaloalto.org. A brief update on the East Bayshore
Road at San Francisquito Creek bridge construction, which is being designed
and ultimately carried out by the State Highway Department, Caltrans.
Caltrans has asked our Staff to review several options for the phasing of the
                                                                        Page 21 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
