                          TRANSCRIPT
north and the south parts that we have been discussing so far.                Am I
incorrect?

Council Member Burt: You're incorrect.

Council Member Kniss: If not, you have a whole different problem.

Council Member Burt:      No, that's not (crosstalk).    That's not why we're
annexing them.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: If I might characterize it slightly
differently. It might be to recognize that some of the problem has moved.
Perhaps the threshold issue that Director Gitelman's pointing out, that going
from some recognition of the demand for worker permit on streets to a zero
supply, if the expanded area is not able to accommodate any worker
permits, does feel like a substantial policy difference. Again, it's not an issue
so much of complexity of the Program as the implications, perhaps to
Council Member Kniss' point. I think one avenue we might want to explore a
little further is whether that threshold that the Council's discussing now
really needs to be zero or if there's a number greater than zero that might
balance the ability to accommodate some worker demand on streets without
creating a problem. Hypothetically, let's say it's 15 percent of available
spaces.     Is that something that a micro zone might be capable of
accommodating in order to be a bit of a pressure relief without, again,
saying there's no additional encroachment beyond what currently exists?

Council Member Burt: I'm game to put this into the other category of things
I was going to propose, which is things for the Staff and the stakeholder
group to return with. The stakeholder group would need to be expanded to
include some people from those annexed areas if it isn't already.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to add to the Motion, “not selling worker permits in additional annexed
areas.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Burt, there was a couple of other
Council Members, I think, who wanted to talk to that issue before you move
on to the next one.

Mr. Shikada: If I could respond just to the 1-year issue, since that was
brought up. One year may or may not be the perfect timeframe, but there
is some value in having a period of stabilization to exist both in terms of
observing changes in parking demand as well as allowing the community to
                                                                         Page 65 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
