                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Sartor: Let me address that. There have been some questions about
our street sweeping program and leaf removal. A couple of things on that.
We have been in the RPP areas, particularly the part of Palo Alto that has a
lot of on-street parking, posting streets on a periodic basis so that we can go
in and sweep before the cars come or don't allow cars to park while we do
the sweeping. As Joe pointed out earlier, our street crews, the actual storm
drain maintenance crews come in and clean all the catch basins before the
winter storms and also go in by hand and will collect additional leaves that
might have collected in the gutters. The basic tenet of this is that we will be
addressing all the leaves on the streets both on the street and in the catch
basins themselves.

Mr. Teresi: If I could just add a pitch to the public. It's very helpful if folks
don't rake their leaves out into the street. I know that in the past that was
kind of accepted practice, but it's really not acceptable any more. We would
appreciate it very much if you would use your compost can and take care of
your leaves. That way our gutters and catch basins will stay more clear, if
they do that.

Council Member DuBois: Speaking from total ignorance, I don't know how
you guys—I saw it on the slide—hydro-flush. I'm wondering if it'd be
possible to use some of the water from basement pumping that people are
upset about and actually use that for some of the flushing.

Mr. Sartor: Actually we have been doing that this year, not only the
basement dewatering water but recycled water. Our Utilities Department
and our Staff have been using recycled water when we're flushing the storm
drain systems and that kind of thing.

Council Member DuBois: Two more quick questions. You also mentioned
some private property owners having granted flood control easements on
the creek, which I wasn't aware of. I was just wondering how common is
that and do you send those people notices and are they mostly responsive in
cleaning parts of the creek they're responsible for?

Mr. Sartor: The private property, if you can visualize, basically run from
Marlowe Street downstream to Highway 101. Most of the homes in the
Crescent Park and older part of Palo Alto back up to the creek; they own to
the center of the creek. We did notify all of those people back in September
that we were going to be coming in and doing trash and debris and
vegetation removal, and have been working with those neighborhood groups
in doing that work.

Council Member DuBois: You go ahead and do it anyway?

                                                                         Page 34 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
