                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I think, frankly, at most we should do one or two
of these. I mean, nothing has been simple for us to go through yet, as far
as I can tell. I'd be happy with going through none of those tonight, frankly.
I don't know how it is for Staff, but it's hard to stay focused and clear after
five or six hours on this stuff. I noticed we even got a little silly at times. I
viewed that as the late hour. I guess I would move that we move all of
these to a later time, to come back to Council.

Council Member Kniss: I would second it.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue Attachment E of the Staff Report to a date uncertain.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to speak any further to your Motion, Council
Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah. I think it's a bad process. I'll say, if we
were going to take up the stuff that's controversial, at least the Planning
Commission thought it was controversial, and I do think it'll take some time
to have these discussions. I know Council Member DuBois wants to go
beyond these four and talk about more. It's really hard to be focused and
thoughtful on complicated issues the later we get. We do have a Council
meeting on Wednesday, where we start this process again. I think it's tough
on Staff to continue on past 11:00 on this stuff. I don't believe for a
minute—it's 10:30 now—that we'll get through all of these in half an hour. I
think we'll be here to midnight. I just don't want to be here trying to do this
stuff at midnight.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, want to speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: I'm just going to read from the Staff Report. It said
we're invited to provide comments and we may suggest items to be added.
The Staff request Council note that the PTC hasn't discussed Tier 2 items;
therefore, Council's discussion of Tier 2 should be brief at this time. Next
year we'll have opportunity to provide input into the Tier 2 effort. I would
agree with Council Member Scharff. We've been at it since 5:00. We've
been at this particular item now for four hours. It's a long time to be
making these really long-term, very specific and very far-reaching decisions
at this hour. I think in fairness to the public who doesn't appear to be
here—I hope they're still watching somewhere—that we should put this off
'til a time when we could have a more thorough discussion on it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.


                                                                        Page 107 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
