                         TRANSCRIPT

can send to VTA for their initial look and come back after we have done our
Comp Plan Update on the transportation plan and see if we want to prioritize
those items in a different way for forwarding to the VTA.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) I want to make sure I understand what
you're saying, Greg. You're saying send this proposed list forward. Am I
correct? As it exists now, and then consider what our follow-up should be,
because we have a fairly limited amount of time right now. Send it forward,
and then I think doing a Study Session is actually a really good idea. We
would get to the point of saying, "Where's our leverage?" I think we might
have some very interesting leverage here. We should explore that. Having
our own tax, wouldn't that be interesting? Have our own tax, so you don't
support their tax. How interesting.

Vice Mayor Schmid: And a chance to talk to regional parties about it.

Council Member Kniss: It's late now; it's hard to explore these things with
as much precision when we get to 11:00 or 11:30. Now I've spoken to my
second inadvertently. Yes, I second it.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
authorize a response to the VTA “Call for Projects” consisting of the lists of
proposed transportation projects and come back after Council discussions of
the Comprehensive Plan Update on the Transportation Element to further
prioritize projects.

Mayor Holman: Can I ask a clarification please on the motion? As it's put
up on the screen, after the Comprehensive Plan Update on the
Transportation Element is "complete to further prioritize projects." I don't
think that's what you intended. That could be ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's right. I guess I meant after our discussions of
the Transportation Element, which I believe is scheduled in the next six
weeks for both us and the CAC.

Mayor Holman: I believe it's even sooner than that, is it not?

Mr. Keene: On August 31st (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Schmid: Our discussion. The CAC has a follow-up discussion.




                                                                       Page 92 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
