                             MINUTES
Perhaps the City Attorney's Office could review potential new evidence and
make recommendations to the Council. The Council could then discuss
potential new evidence prior to the appeal hearing.

Ms. Stump felt that was reasonable. If the Council set the hearing in April,
the parties would have sufficient time to propose new evidence. Staff could
set a preliminary date for parties to submit potential new evidence. The City
Attorney's Office could review submissions and make a series of
recommendations for the Council.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the Council would discuss new
evidence on a date prior to the hearing or on the date of the hearing.

Ms. Stump could not answer that until she had reviewed submissions of
potential new evidence.     If the submissions were few and lacking in
complexity, the Council could discuss them on the date of the hearing.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that any requests for new evidence shall be
submitted to the City Attorney’s Office, who will analyze the proposed
evidence and prepare a summary for Council.

Council Member Berman requested clarification of the proposal "that one or
both parties submit a proposed decision consistent with its determination for
the Council's review and adoption."
Ms. Stump explained that the Council would need to issue a written decision
with findings in the matter. The Council could direct Staff to prepare the
written decision or ask the parties to prepare that. The parties would
exchange their proposed decisions for comments. Staff would have a
recommendation after the appeal hearing.

Council Member Berman asked if the Council would decide which procedure
to follow at the time of the appeal hearing.

Ms. Stump would suggest that. The Council would make the final decision
regardless of who drafted the decision.

Council Member Berman was unsure whether he could support the parties
drafting a proposed final decision.

Ms. Stump was prepared to write a decision for the Council.

Council Member Berman asked if members of the public or counsel for the
parties could submit written prehearing statements.


01/12/2015                                                            116- 320
