                           TRANSCRIPT
That's a consideration for us of which way we want to go on that. The
second on "i," that should apply to the Cal. Ave. area which we've taken to
mean the Cal. Ave. retail area. Correct? It would be the R ...

Council Member Scharff: We mean California Avenue itself.

Mayor Holman: No, the California Avenue area as we've preliminarily at
least identified in "A."

Council Member Burt: Let me ask, beyond Cal. Ave., we have some areas
that have been historic retail. I could see this applying to them. Then we
have areas that aren't historic retail, like Cambridge. Are you intending that
it would apply to those areas that don't have this historic pattern? It may be
the way to make this acceptable, respect the historic pattern where it exists
or on Cal. Ave. The intent, is it to capture this on Cal. Ave. and those spurs
where we have such a pattern or is the intent to expand that pattern
elsewhere?

Mayor Holman: It's to consider it and respect it where it exists. The area
that we've talked about, it does exist. That's why I excepted El Camino. I'm
sorry, I didn't except it; that's the other one. I lost my place here; hold on.
Yeah, that's why I excepted El Camino.

Council Member Burt: What?

Mayor Holman: Limiting new development and rehabilitation to respect the
historic pattern. I took El Camino off of that.

Council Member Burt: Okay. There's area in between the Cal. Ave. core
where it exists and everything except El Camino. For instance, you've got
Cambridge.

Mayor Holman: Cambridge is by and large narrow storefronts. I'll look to
Staff, if it's clear to respect the historic pattern that exists as it exists in ...

Council Member Burt: Or where it exists?

Mayor Holman: Where it exists. Does this help Staff or does Staff already
know what is intended here?

Ms. Gitelman: What you're saying is that you'd like to ensure that new
development respect the historical pattern.

Mayor Holman: Of narrow storefronts and small square footages.


                                                                             Page 84 of 123
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/18/2015
