                          TRANSCRIPT
mentioned safe parking; I'm not really familiar with that. Do you see an
opportunity for maybe a countywide managed overnight parking program?
Could the County maybe help cities coordinate?

Supervisor Simitian: I think the possibility is there. We're starting to have
that conversation. I think you'll see a pilot in San Jose first, and then we'll
see how it works. This Council probably knows better than any council in
Santa Clara County how fraught that issue is. I think it's too soon to have a
conclusion. What happened here in Palo Alto grew somewhat organically,
which is another way of saying without any real structure in place. I think
the question is if that wasn't a satisfactory approach, can it be a satisfactory
approach if there's some structure in place and if the site is right which is
obviously the question in each case.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Supervisor Simitian: Stay tuned.

Mayor Holman: In addition to thanking you for setting aside the time to
come visit with us this evening and to address these really minor issues that
have simple solutions, I did want to ask you about one that hasn't come up
but is on our list. It's no less complex than anything else we've talked about
already, and that's about air traffic. It's a very large issue in our community
and many other communities. Is there anything that we are not asking you
as our Supervisor and the Supervisors to do on the behalf of residents in our
county to help alleviate the impacts that we've been experiencing?

Supervisor Simitian: I don't think so. I talked with Congresswoman Eshoo
about this some months ago and asked what our County might do to be
helpful. What she said—initially it's a little counterintuitive—was pass a
resolution urging the FAA to step up. Ordinarily you don't really think of
passing a resolution expressing concern or asking for help as a particularly
meaningful gesture. I think she was very wise, because what she went on
to say is, "If I can get a resolution of support for this effort from the three
counties" that she represents, San Mateo, Santa Clara and Santa Cruz
Counties, then when she sits down with the FAA, she can rebut the assertion
that will come which is someone from the FAA will say, "Isn't this really just
some spoiled suburbanite"—let's just say it out loud—"who's a little bit
cranky about airplanes flying overhead?" She can say, "No. Actually I've
got official action from three different counties with 3 million residents telling
you that it is a problem." We took that action at our Board on my motion a
couple of weeks back. We have shared a resolution. I know you have done
the same here at Palo Alto. As I said, ordinarily resolution passing may not
seem like a particularly effective gesture. It may seem to be just a gesture.

                                                                          Page 22 of 133
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/21/15
