                         TRASNCRIPT
AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Scharff, Schmid yes

Mayor Holman: We return now to the main motion.

Council Member Scharff: I think it is important then that we come back
after the hydrology study and decide whether or not we want to open it up
at that point, like Council Member Burt said. I guess I would make an
amendment that Staff come back to us at the completion of the hydrology
study to evaluate whether or not we should open the land up to the public.

Mayor Holman: I'll second that. Care to speak to that?

Council Member Berman: Can he accept it?

Mayor Holman: That's right. I apologize. Yes. Council Member Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, I accept it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach:      I will accept that amendment.      I think that's
prudent.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Direct Staff to return within
three months after the completion of the hydrology study for options to
make the parkland open to the public.”

Council Member DuBois: Just wondering if we could just specify and say
September 2016. Once the hydrology study is done, it's going to go to our
Parks and Rec. I think it's reasonable it goes to them before it comes to us.
It wasn't clear if you wanted it to come to us first.

Council Member Scharff: You're asking me if it should come to us first?

Council Member DuBois: That's the way I interpreted what you said. I
didn't know if that's what you meant.  I'm saying maybe just put a
timeframe on it instead.

Council Member Scharff: I'm happy to put a timeframe on it. It's just if
they don't have the hydrology study done, what good would it have to have
a timeframe on it? That's my only concern. I don't want it to get hung up in
Parks and Rec forever. I'm open to it going to Parks and Rec first. I think it
should.



                                                                       Page 60 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
