                         TRANSCRIPT
schedule and process that had been laid out in relation to College Terrace
when it lost the JJ&F Market. There remain approximately eight years on
the existing lease with Fresh Market. The property owner has reported
contacting a variety of potential grocers with no apparent success or
identified at this time. Starting on September 30th, daily fines up to $500 a
day will be assessed against the property owner for its failure to find a
suitable replacement market. That figure is the fee that is currently set by
Code and is the current maximum that is allowed by the Code at this time.
There are potentially different remedies or options the Council could pursue.
I just wanted to inform you that the Staff is looking at the range of options
that could be available to the Council and will be reporting back to you in
that regard. My understanding with the City Attorney is the Council could
have more discretion as it relates to that fine level, but it would take a
subsequent action of the Council. That's where we are on that right now.
There have been rumors about a Target Express or other non-grocery
retailer going in at this location, but we want to make it clear that would not
be consistent with the requirement for a grocery store and would not be
permitted. While the City seeks voluntary compliance, if our efforts don't
yield the anticipated results, as I mentioned additional remedies will be
considered. We have established a webpage, and I've asked the Staff to
update it with some of this information. Some of it was done at 3:30 P.M.
today, but we will keep it routinely updated with information as we get it, so
that     interested    community      members    can   check     the   website.
Cityofpaloalto.org/edgewood is how to find it. People can sign up to get
email updates. To date about 125 people have signed up. I've asked the
Staff to be sure we're reaching out to neighborhoods through NextDoor and
have responded, as I mentioned, to the emails we have received. We'll
continue to monitor the issue, keep the Council and our residents updated.
Another easy subject, RPP, Residential Parking Permit Program. We're glad
to say that we've made it through the first week of permit sales, and that as
of this morning 1,465 accounts have been created with 1,130 approved.
Our contractor's been working hard on this along with our Staff's work in the
initial stages of the project. We continue to monitor minor issues in the
usability of the website as we go. I know the Council got a couple of
complaints about the difficulty with signing up. You will recall when we were
getting the update last week, I personally went on since I live in one of the
districts to see if I could sign up. I was able to do it. I did mention to our
Staff that there were some sort of intuitive steps that we ought to look at
improving      just    for   first-time   users.     The      website   is   at
cityofpaloalto.org/parking. Questions can be directed to our Staff by email
at downtownrpp@cityofpaloalto.org. A community meeting will be held this
Wednesday, August 26th, for the community gardens irrigation systems
project. The meeting will review the schedule and scope of work to replace
the failing water lines that feed the garden plots for the Rinconada, Eleanor
                                                                          Page 3 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
