                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I am.

Council Member Kniss: There's pretty strong support for this. It goes into
some details why the cities are supporting it.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Kniss, the Cities Association has fully
supported ...

Council Member Kniss: I'd be glad to read it to you. I can guarantee you it
fully supported it and why. They feel very ...

Mayor Holman: It might be helpful if you read the salient portions of it, not
the whole letter.

Council Member Scharff: We all have the email.

Council Member Berman: We got the email today.

Mayor Holman: I haven't seen today's email of this.

Council Member Kniss: This talks a great deal about regular maintenance,
cost of repairs increases. Exponentially it would expressly address the
backlog of maintenance needs, estimated to generate just what we said. 5
percent of the revenues would be set aside to incentivize counties currently
without a local transportation funding measure to approve such a measure.
It sounds to me as though this very much is about maintenance, particularly
for counties that don't have this. We may not be reading this exactly right.
This just came today. If others haven't seen it, I could understand why.

Mayor Holman: I had not seen it.

Council Member Berman: I'm perfectly happy with going to P&S. For
information for my colleagues, on the sender's website it says this bill
guarantees that the revenue will be used exclusively for road, street, bridge
repairs and improving freight mobility at ports. It says that in addition to
the State receiving funding for state roads, Santa Clara County will receive
$26 million. Cities in Santa Clara County will receive $36.6 million. Some
money will come to cities. It's not going to be a boatload. It will be some.
I don't know if that was annually or over the five years of the bill. We can
talk more about it at P&S if that's where this is going.

Mayor Holman: The motion on the floor is to closely watch SB 16 and as
soon as further details are available, refer this item to Policy and Services
Committee. Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0
                                                                        Page 47 of 82
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/22/15
