                             MINUTES
hypothetical condition that forgave the unpermitted additions. He would
perform the appraisal reports in the same manner and fashion as previously
performed. The only difference between appraisal reports performed in
2013 and 2015 was time. The issue of permitting seemed to be largely
ignored by market participants, because the homes typically were not
financeable, required cash from buyer to seller, and most importantly buyers
in the price range were concerned mainly with basic shelter in an area sorely
lacking affordable housing alternatives.

Nadia Aziz, The Law Foundation of Silicon Valley for Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park Residents Association, requested two minutes to address
comments made by Mr. Beccaria.

Mayor Holman agreed.

Ms. Aziz remarked that State law and the Palo Alto Mobile Home Park
Conversion Ordinance (Ordinance) required the park owner to mitigate
negative impacts of park closure. The State recognized that mobile home
parks were one of the last bastions of home ownership for low-income
individuals. Palo Alto's Ordinance specifically protected the park owner's
property interest by allowing the park owner to request either a partial or
complete exemption from relocation assistance if he could demonstrate that
providing relocation assistance would substantially limit the park's
reasonable use or economic value. The Ordinance specifically described park
owner actions needed to mitigate negative impacts of park closure. The
term reasonable costs of relocation was not defined in the Ordinance. The
Ordinance anticipated that comparable replacement housing would be
reasonable. State law and the Ordinance contemplated replacement housing
as a reasonable mitigation cost. The park owner ignored the fact that the
Ordinance considered what was needed to move to comparable housing
rather than appraised value. The park owner advocated his responsibility to
create a plan that would allow residents to move to comparable housing.
HCD sales data was not provided as part of the relocation impact plan. If
comparable housing did exist, then it needed to be identified within the plan.
It was difficult to determine whether the proposed assistance would allow
residents to move to comparable housing as the park owner did not report
any figures for relocation assistance. The park owner provided photos of
residences; however, those residences did not reflect the vast majority of
housing available in Buena Vista. The Council was given not only the park
owner's appraisals but also the residents' critique of the appraisals and
methodology. The Council should use that information to determine the
values of mobile homes in Buena Vista. The Ordinance specifically required
the rent differential to consider the rent of new locations. The actual rent
cost should be reflected in the rent differential. The relocation specialist
                                                                         Page 3 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
