                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth believed the problem was sufficient funding to
upgrade trains but not sufficient funding to fix traffic problems. He inquired
about the outlook for increasing the number of trains.

Ms. Lee reiterated that Caltrain would increase the number of trains to six.
The next strategy under consideration was adding more cars to trains to
increase capacity. There would be four HSR trains in addition to Caltrain's
six trains. The number of trains could not increase beyond that, because the
capacity was capped at that level.

Council Member Burt remarked that the City supported electrification but
had significant concerns regarding the EIR. The FEIR was released in early
December 2014 and adopted by the Board one week ago. City Staff
requested the JPB delay certification of the EIR to give local partner entities
ample time to discuss comments with their governing bodies. The JPB
declined the request. Now the City had 30 days to determine whether it had
any recourse regarding its concerns. The City would prefer to reach a better
agreement on other mitigation alternatives it believed could be more
effective than mitigation measures contained in the EIR.          He inquired
whether the EIR identified seven intersections where impacts were
significant and treated those impacts as unavoidable.

Mr. Walters replied yes for project direct impacts. The number was higher
for cumulative impacts.

Council Member Burt wanted Caltrain to recognize as a policy that there
were different physical settings at different grade crossings throughout the
system. Those different settings and conditions could involve different
solutions. That recognition would be crucial for subsequent conversations to
be meaningful and successful. The level of train service affected the amount
of traffic on parallel arterials. The demand for service at the California
Avenue station was huge. Demand at the San Antonio Avenue station was
large and growing. Additional trains at those stations would have their own
mitigations to impacts created by the system. Caltrain had plans to increase
train service with electrification. He wanted the impacts of electrification to
be included in consideration of the level of additional service. Improved
service did not need to wait until 2021. Between 2015 and 2021, Caltrain's
commitment to begin the process of improving service at California Avenue
and San Antonio could help mitigate impacts. Safety and security of the
tracks would be compounded by additional trains and by faster trains. A
commitment toward improved track security and safety could occur prior to
electrification. It was not certain whether HSR would come up the Peninsula
or reach San Jose; however, those trains travelled at 120 miles per hour.



01/12/2015                                                             116- 304
