                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just two points. The second sentence of "a" says send
proposal and updates that address very small businesses. That doesn't take
a stance on how to address it. I would note that the NETS database in the
state of California finds that 11 percent of workers in the state are self-
employed or independent contractors. You don't want to leave out 11
percent of business people in Palo Alto. I would suggest adding a "d" that
says use the NETS database as a point of comparison for capturing the full
number of workers in town. Use the NETS database; that's the National
Establishment Time Series. It is available through ABAG.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you accept that?

Council Member DuBois: I'm not familiar with the database. Is there a way
it could be less prescriptive? I would be more comfortable if it was a
consideration rather than a requirement, not really knowing what it is.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess I have sent to Staff some references to both
the data and some academic papers talking about it compared to
government series. There should be material available.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: I guess I'd like to see it incorporated into "a" with
a suggestion that Staff propose how they would use it. Again, when you say
use it, are we saying that it's correct?     I guess I won't accept the
amendment as it's worded.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm not saying it's correct. The academic papers say
it's the best available and only to use it as a point of comparison.

Mayor Holman: Jim, did you want to make a comment?

James Keene, City Manager: I just want to speak. I think that the bit that
we understand about it, it's like all data sets. There are advantages and
disadvantages to the methodology. I don't think we'd be in a position at this
point to say—I think you clarified this—that we would use this as a control
point for what we're doing. I mean, if it's a comparison, that's pretty simple
for us to do, I would presume. What the Council then does with that
comparison, that's potentially more complicated.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would note that the existing conditions report and
other City reports over the last couple of years have used that number as
the starting point for the City. We've been using it.

                                                                       Page 31 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
