                          TRANSCRIPT
reappropriations for capital. Thank you. The other change which we made
was the Council approved the Municipal Code change in October 2014 how
we carried funds forward in the Capital Budget from one year to the next.
That change in the Capital Budget increased the budget by about $50
million, which is typical practice we will do from now forward. The change
also resulted, when you look at your Capital Budget, it has all projects
included. As we mentioned at the kick off meeting with the Council on
April 27, we redesigned the Capital Budget document to hopefully make it
more accessible with information for the Council and the public.

Mr. Keene: Could I just expand on that a little bit? The latter part of this
was about the Capital Improvement Program, which is the five-year period
for capital projects now includes the complete funding. This was something
the Council asked for. What we had before was you'd have these five-year
periods moving through time, but they wouldn't continue to pick up earlier
year funding. If you had a project that had a seven or eight year life, you
were still seeing the most current year and then five years out. You couldn't
look at the absolute total costs. That's one of the things we did. The other
thing, again just restating what Walter was saying, it was much more of an
accounting approach than it was a cost increase approach. What we were
doing is we got close to the end of the fiscal year, we could see that a
project was not going to be completed or whatever, and we would
proactively add that to the Capital Budget for the next year. Now, rather
than waiting, closing the books on the year and coming back with a
reappropriation later in the fiscal year, it gives you a start right at the get-go
to more easily see what was undone this year and what was being carried
over into the next year. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It's a very helpful change and will certainly next year
be apparent. In the change from last year to this year, there was a little
confusion sometimes. It's helpful to go through that. Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: I want to say thanks to Greg, because he did a
terrific job. It was almost a full day's excursion into the budget. Before we
go to the public, I'm concerned about the slide which is up here. It's quite
different than the amount that we voted on in Finance. I've heard your
explanation of it. I'm very glad to see the additional amount under the
Director for Project Safety Net. The Track Watch is a very different amount.
I don't know if anyone here from the public is going to speak to that. Given
that that was not the number that we saw at Finance, I'm somewhat
surprised.

Mr. Rossmann: If I may quickly speak to Council Member Kniss. The
$315,000 for Track Watch, the Committee did vote on.   We brought

                                                                           Page 21 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/8/15
