                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: This amendment does not address my concern. I
don't want to see at this point in time, before we've had the ability to look at
it in the context of these coordinated area plans, what would be the impact
of such a carve out? This could be a major change from the intent of this
growth cap. We don't know what level of growth cap we might want at the
completion of these two years. We may look at one, two, more coordinated
area plans either enacted or on the horizon by then. We might say they've
captured X amount of the area that we thought we were going to include in
this, so we'd adjust the total accordingly. We don't know that right now.
I'm not prepared to do that. I'm not going to support this motion with the
inclusion of the carve out at this time.

Council Member Filseth: I have the same concern as Council Member Burt.
At the very minimum, it seems like if we do a carve-out like this, then one of
the unintended consequences is we essentially raised the cap. If the cap is
50,000 square feet a year and we have a coordinated area plan for
somewhere that allows 30,000 square feet a year, then we're now at an
80,000 square feet a year cap. At the very minimum, if in fact we do a
carve-out as part of a coordinated area plan, then we need to go back and
revise the net cap to compensate for the difference there. It may be that
Council Member Burt is correct, and we shouldn’t do this.

Vice Mayor Schmid: My concern is the opposite one. We are not saying
anything about areas outside of the three identified areas. If you look at the
total building, 60 percent of the building has been outside of these three
areas over the last 15 years. Maybe that is in areas where the coordinated
plans or specific plans would be helpful. We are voting an interim measure
which only affects three areas, less than half the area that is built on in Palo
Alto, and not dealing with east of 101 with the Stanford Research Park, with
the East Meadow area. I see this motion as a part of a limited motion rather
than a Comprehensive Plan statement.

Mayor Holman: I'll chime in with other colleagues. I would not want to see
a carve-out of the SOFA area. It's a sensitive area and it does have a
coordinated area plan in place. Because it is a small area near Downtown
and a somewhat constrained area, we could be surprised at what might
happen there in terms of redevelopment. It's smart to keep that as a part of
the larger area.

Council Member Filseth: Does the SOFA plan contain a target for office/R&D
space development?

Ms. Gitelman: I'd need more research to determine the zoned capacity
there that is unbuilt, but it does fall within the Downtown cap, or most of

                                                                         Page 55 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
