                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss believed the County library system expanded the
services available to Palo Alto residents.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the strong performance of the Library over the last
four years despite closures.       That was an outstanding achievement.
Libraries were becoming meeting places; therefore, he anticipated the ratio
of visits to circulation would increase. The high number of visits and
circulation at Mitchell Park Library compared to the decline at Main Library
could be an indication of a long-term trend.         He questioned whether
technology savings could be utilized to extend library hours. He suggested
Staff provide the Council with a quarterly update as an informational item.

Mayor Holman recommended Staff consider the best use of resources in
determining whether to extend hours.

Council Member Kniss recalled the Library remained open later 10 or 20
years ago, perhaps as late as 10:00 P.M.

Mayor Holman concurred.

Council Member Kniss believed budget reductions forced the libraries to
close at an earlier hour.

3.    Prescreening of a Proposal to Re-zone the Former VTA Park and Ride
      Lot at 2755 El Camino Real From Public Facility (PF) to Community
      Commercial (CC(2)) with a Concurrent Comprehensive Plan Land Use
      Designation Amendment From Major Institution/Special Facilities to
      Regional Community Commercial, Allowing Development of a Four
      Story Mixed-use Building With Below Grade Parking.

Mayor Holman inquired whether the City Attorney would like to comment or
whether she should read from the at-places memorandum.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that either was fine.

Mayor Holman read the at-places memorandum regarding a request to
remove Agenda Item Number 3 from the Agenda. Staff requested the Item
be continued to a date uncertain.

James Keene, City Manager, received questions from Council Members
regarding this item. If the item was rescheduled, Staff would recirculate
those questions and Staff's responses.




02/02/2015                                                           116- 433
