                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Sartor: Yes.

Council Member DuBois:     I thought there was a point in one of the slides
that said (crosstalk).

Mr. Sartor: We've actually completed that. We did that. We sent out an
initial notice letter requesting them to send us back permission. If they
didn't respond, we sent a second notice and actually went out and knocked
on doors.

Council Member DuBois: Did you get most of the people to agree?

Mr. Sartor: Yes. As I said, that work has actually been done now.

Council Member DuBois: The last question was—again, I don't know if it's a
big issue or small issue. Have there been any ideas on how to ensure
sandbags are actually used for the purpose intended and people aren't just
repurposing them?

Mr. Sartor: That is a problem. One of our solutions to that is we deploy
sandbags on a as-needed basis. We don't just put them out and leave them
at Rinconada Park or at Mitchell Park for a long period of time. We
essentially keep an eye on the supply. As a big storm rolls in, we'll just
bring them out on an as-needed basis near term.

Mr. Teresi: Also, I believe that in the past, I think, the Santa Clara Valley
Water District used to use a really high quality sand that was suitable for use
in construction, so a lot of them kind of went that way. I think now they're
using a lower quality sand which works as far as flood control but isn't as
attractive as a construction material.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, guys, very much for the presentation
and obviously all the work that you guys are doing in preparation. I was
talking with—it might have been Len or it might have been Jim—at some
point in the last couple of months. It was kind of we've got a nice early
heads up on what might happen this winter, so we don't have any excuses
for preparing for every possibility. It's really encouraging to see that that's
absolutely happening in terms of the coordination and the preparedness
efforts. I had a couple of questions on kind of public awareness and public
knowledge. You guys showed us today this great new JPA website. Is that
meant to be kind of the main website that folks use if they've got questions
about the storm or ...


                                                                       Page 35 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
