                             TRANSCRIPT
to do that even if it means taking off the exterior siding or cladding. It could
be more than 25 percent.

Mr. Lait: Right. This typically is for a smaller-scale project than the other
type of project that we're trying to address with Attachment E. We've not
seen it go substantially beyond the 25 percent. I think there's enough
wiggle room for us here to do what a homeowner and the City would expect
us to do. We're not so narrowly focused in on that 25 that, if you've got dry
rot and other damage and you go beyond 25, we're going to be looking at
that replacement provision of the Code.

Council Member Scharff: Why are we putting this in here then? You
indicated that it hasn't been a problem then, or has it? I mean, a small
home improvement exception, you're indicating we're probably not finding
enough dry rot to end up taking more than 25 percent down, because we're
not doing enough work to come across that. That's what I just heard you
say, right? Where has this come up that you feel it's necessary to clarify
this?

Mr. Lait: It comes up as almost a spillover conversation from that other
Attachment E conversation that we're having about the larger home
remodels. As we have that in the back of our mind and flipping through the
Code about the other changes that we want to make, we saw this as an
opportunity to just clarify our practice. I mean, we feel a lot better when
we've got something in the Code that this is what is meant. We know that
we've already enough challenge with the remodels that we're trying to solve
a problem before it exists.

Council Member Scharff: It hasn't existed to date?

Mr. Lait: Let me look to Amy. Have we had a dispute about this issue?

Council Member Scharff: I'm really only concerned about the dry rot. I feel
like what we're doing is we're locking people in if they do find dry rot, that
takes away your flexibility to say fix your dry rot.

Mr. Lait: I think it's ...

Council Member Scharff: You've told me there's another part in the Code
that allows you to do that, but then you have this. I'm just concerned that—
I'm not getting a clear sense of where we are on that.

Mr. Lait: For the HIEs, again reflecting current practice. I mean, I think this
is a conversation that really takes place on that Attachment E item, which is
a big issue. There's a lot of competing policies at play there. I will tell you
                                                                         Page 50 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
