                          TRANSCRIPT
Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Russ will be here. Hillary will replace us, and I'll be sitting back there.

Council Member Scharff: It's roughly the same Staff.

Mr. Lait: Russ is the project planner, and so he's not here for the cap
necessarily.

Mayor Holman: We can decide as we get into the item, which was the
intention anyway. Didn't want anybody in the public to get concerned we're
not going to hear from you tonight.

Public Hearing opened at 8:34 P.M.

Heather Young, Fergus Garber Young Architects,-representing Applicant:
Thank you, Mayor Holman and City Council Members. We would like to
make a brief presentation about 2555 Park. Thank you, Russ and Staff—
they've done an excellent job describing the local context—and also to Board
Member Lew for bringing forward some of the comments that came from the
Architectural Review Board.         My name is Heather Young, and I’m
representing the applicant. In fact, the applicant and his family are here this
evening. They are longtime residents of Palo Alto. What I'd like to do is
start very briefly looking at the Comprehensive Plan map. You'll notice a
vast majority of the map is yellow or also green.             Those are areas
specifically for single-family residential or for open space or for public green
space. You'll notice four zones that are in a dark red. Those zones are
specifically established to be community and regional centers of commercial
activity. Two of those zones are Stanford Shopping Center and Town and
Country Village. Those are specifically retail focus. The remaining two
zones are the University Avenue District and the California Avenue District.
Those are designated in the Comprehensive Plan specifically for increased
density and to support the public transit in those areas. If we zoom into
that, this area that comes up pink on the screen is that same red zone.
That's the CC(2) zone that you've been hearing discussion about, that has
different height limits based on whether or not you are doing a
nonresidential project, a mixed-use project or if you're adjacent to a PC or
adjacent to an RM-40 site. 2555 Park is this bright red zone here, which
again is this highlighted area. It is surrounded by additional CC(2) areas.
Again, areas specifically zoned for density. Across the street from it is the
Public Facility zone which, as of right, has the 50-foot height limit that
you've heard about before. The area behind the site, that's this pale orange,
is the Palo Alto Central RM-40 zone. As was discussed earlier, the areas to
the right of the site and the left of the site on Park, because they're
contiguous, they share a property line, those are areas that could be 50 feet.

                                                                         Page 41 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
