                          TRANSCRIPT
support that. The review process, I don't know if this needs clarification or
not. Apparently it does. When you look at the Code, the Code says at
2.27.040 the duties of the HRB. "B" does say inform the Architectural
Review Board of the historical and/or architectural significance of historic
commercial and/or multifamily structures in the Downtown area and any
other such buildings designated as significant elsewhere in the City. It
seems to me that the HRB is supposed to advise the ARB if something is
historic or not. It seems to me the trigger for things going to the HRB
should be if there's an historic analysis that's required. It should go to the
HRB to see if the consultant's report is accurate, adequate, whatever before
it goes to the ARB. Board Member Bunnenberg in response to Council
Member Burt's question was talking about the area of influence or the
compatibility or effect on historic properties even if the project itself is not
historic. This is exactly what came up with 429 University the other day. I
would suggest that there's another on El Camino that is the same thing. I
haven't been doing this for 21 years, Roger, but I guess 13 years. My
recollection is that the City used to hire, choose and select the historic
consultant at the applicant's expense, rather than the applicant selecting the
historic consultant. My perception over the years has been that peer review
is a defensive position. Maybe it's just perception, but it is my perception.
It's more appropriate for the City to select and hire at the applicant's
expense, because it's the City's responsibility to preserve and protect the
resources. I'm wondering if the City counts or records the loss of an historic
resource including those that are on the National Register and on the
California Register. There's hasn't been mention of the potential California
Register of homes. That hasn't been mentioned at all. CEQA does apply,
but no one knows it. No one knows that CEQA applies. It's a burden on the
public to prove or demonstrate that those homes or a home is eligible for the
Inventory or the Register. Again, no one knows that, so they just get
demolished. My curiosity is does the City even count how many of those we
have lost. That would be an indication of the importance of being more
proactive in promoting incentives, benefits and keeping an accurate
Inventory. Agree with the comments made, although it's not specifically
listed, yes it is, the National Register Districts, the Eichler neighborhoods.
That does of course involve outreach. Another thing that I've mentioned a
number of times is the definition of demolition. I brought it up when the
HRB and the Council met before. I guess it was when we had interviews.
From my perspective, it seems like we're losing resources because the
definition of demolition is such a narrow definition that we actually lose a
resource and it isn't considered a demolition. That's something else I wish
the HRB would take up, the definition of demolition. When there are TDRs
granted as a result of historic preservation, then it seems to me that there
ought to be some plaque or something attached to the building that has to
stay on the building to demonstrate that. It not only promotes the program,
                                                                          Page 19 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
