                          TRANSCRIPT
the cost of it over time, which they say they'll take care of themselves. I
haven't seen any document in Palo Alto saying, "We're going to do that
too." Maybe we ought to think in our sustainability report that this
becomes a piece of that or we make the tie between the JPA and the
Mountain View border of what our long-term plans are. I think it's very
helpful that they have raised this issue for us. It has alerted us to the fact
that communities to the north and south seem to have a more dedicated
program and seem to be laying out money, either their own or someone
else's, to start the process of getting that done.

Mr. Bobel: Could I just add that you did authorize the expenditure of
$500,000 last year? That is built into the JPA work. I think very soon now,
within the next six months, you're going to see that come to fruition. The
feasibility study will be drafted and available. That is going to be sort of
our Mountain View study. The same consultants that did the Mountain
View studies have been involved in ours. I think you'll see a pretty well
coordinated feasibility study with a couple of different proposals.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Can you give a date when that might ...

Mr. Bobel: We just can't put a finer point on it than to say early calendar
year '16. We can get back to you in the next month or so with an update
and try to give you the best date we can.

Mayor Holman: It looks like we are ready for a motion. Is anyone daring a
motion?

Council Member Burt: I will move that we authorize Staff to proceed with
the attached responses to the Grand Jury report incorporating guidance
received tonight by the Council as deemed appropriate.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Holman: Second by Council Member Wolbach.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to approve the response to the Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury
Report “A Slow Rising Emergency – Sea Level Rise” incorporating guidance
received from Council; and request the Mayor send a letter to the Grand
Jury with the City’s response by the specified deadline, September 15, 2015.

Mayor Holman: Looks like everybody is ready to vote. I just want to really
emphasize that the Santa Clara Valley Water District is not the only entity
that should be involved in coordinating this and leading this effort. I want to


                                                                          Page 45 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
