                         TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: With that, it looks like we don't have a tally yet. With that,
Hillary, you have a presentation on the other item. On original Item 14.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. Thank you, Mayor Holman. Again, Hillary Gitelman and
Jeremy Dennis. We have a real brief PowerPoint for you here on this item
about vision statements and goals. We also have a workbook. I have to
apologize; it got to you late. It went out in your packet last week as
opposed to the week before. I hope you have it and found it useful. This is
one of three meetings related to the vision statements and goals for the
Comp Plan Update. The purpose of the meeting is really to provide guidance
to the Citizens Advisory Committee and to the Staff about this prioritization
issue as it affects goals, so the potential prioritization of Comp Plan goals,
this overall structure of the Comprehensive Plan. Both of these things are
things we've talked about a little before. Vision statements and goals for
each of the elements and then any other issues that the Council would like
to bring up and direct us on. Tonight we're going to talk about Community
Services and Facilities and the Transportation Element.            The Mayor
suggested that we prioritize the Transportation Element, because the CAC is
scheduled to discuss that element on September 8th. Then on October 5th,
we're currently scheduled to be back here for that discussion of the Land Use
and Community Design Element. As Vice Mayor Schmid indicated, there's at
least one policy we'll want to discuss with you in addition to the vision
statement and goals that night.         Currently on November 2nd, we're
scheduled to be back here for a discussion of the vision statements and
goals for the Natural Environment Element and the Business and Economics
Element, and then this new Safety and Noise Element, which we're
suggesting a subset of the current Natural Environment Element. Our
premise here is, as you know, that the City Council will weigh in and decide
on vision statements and goals which are the kind of organizing or high-level
part of each of the elements of the Comprehensive Plan. The CAC will take
the first shot at crafting revisions to the policies and programs that
implement the goals. Ultimately, the City Council will review the CAC's work
and provide direction as needed. This is the process slide from the Summit
at the end of May. The schedule has been a little adjusted as we discussed
to extend out until the middle of 2017 in an effort to ensure that the Citizens
Advisory Committee has enough time to do their work. The chart really
shows this process of interaction between the City Council and the CAC. It
also indicates, as I'm sure you know already, that the Staff will be working
on the supporting documents behind the scenes as this process moves
forward. Before we talk about community services and transportation goals,
several of the Council Members raised this issue of how to prioritize among
the goals, recognizing that the current Comprehensive Plan really treats all
issues and elements equally, probably because of a provision in State law
that says you're really not allowed to make one section of the Comp Plan
                                                                        Page 82 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
