                         TRANSCRIPT
public utility options rather than only a public benefit option. The Staff
Report doesn't really explain why Staff is recommending that and not what
the UAC had recommended. I just want to hear from Staff kind of what the
difference is and why you guys went with what you went with.

Mr. Reichental: I could try, but maybe I'll see if Jim or—anybody from Staff
want to step up to that one? Would you like to? Maybe we'll have to
paraphrase it.

Mayor Holman: If you could please identify yourself please.

Jim Fleming, Utilities Senior Management Analyst: Jim Fleming, Senior
Management Analyst with Utilities. If I understand your question Council
Member Berman, why do we want to look at a public benefit model.

Council Member Berman: The question is really why is Staff recommending
something different than what the UAC is recommending and what does
Staff view as the difference between the two recommendations. I can
reread what's in the Staff Report if that would help jog your memory.

Mr. Fleming: Sure.

Council Member Berman: What it says is the UAC voted to request that
Staff evaluate a City-owned FTTP network to all Palo Alto households and
businesses as a publicly funded public benefit. Research that over the next
couple of months as we also wait to see what Google does, which I think we
universally agree is paramount to any decision we make. Instead, Staff
recommends an evaluation of strengths and weaknesses of public utility
options rather than only a public benefit option. Is Staff saying a public
benefit option will be one of the things that Staff looks at or is Staff not
going to look at that, but wants to look at other things?

Mr. Fleming: I think we have to sort out exactly what public benefit versus
public utility really means in terms of our evaluation. Again, what is the
definition of a public benefit when it comes to a fiber network? We have to
sort that out.

Council Member Berman: If this might help. We had an email from Jon
Foster this afternoon, or this morning, which essentially just saying—bear
with me for one second. The City provides FTTP to residents as a public
benefit meaning getting the voters to approve a bond to cover the cost of
the build-out. Residents would then pay a modest monthly fee that just
                                                                     Page 41 of 130
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/28/15
