                         TRANSCRIPT
wage for the whole 100 or 90 hour, however many hours that they're
working." Couldn't do it. Think about how we the people can help the
situation of others who need to make more so that they can live. Thank
you.

Haluk Konuk: Thank you for the opportunity. I also live very close to the
Edgewood Plaza on Saint Francis Drive for the last eight years. I'm also in
the process of building a new house on my lot. I would like to tear down my
existing old house and build a new house. Because of that, I became very
knowledgeable about how much it costs to build the building. I watch very
closely the real estate market, the land prices. As a result, I calculated how
much additional profit the developer made by letting him build so densely
those ten houses they built. As a private citizen, I cannot do that. On my
lot I can build only one house, but this developer was allowed to build more
than two houses on the same lot size like I have. As a result, my calculation
is we gave this developer about $7, $8 million of additional profit, not just
the regular profit, not total profit, additional profit, extra profit, just by
allowing him to have special zoning. As a community, what do we get out of
it? The developer made very nice extra $7, $8 million. What do we get? As
far as I know, the only thing we get is a grocery store. It's not free, of
course; it will be rented. I don't know. Maybe there are other benefits, but
that's the only benefit I'm aware of for the $7, $8 million. It's a very sweet
deal. As a result, I think even asking the developer not to get rent, but pay
the tenant himself to get the grocery store will be reasonable. That's why I
think this $5,000 a day fine is, I think, a must. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: As many of you know, but perhaps not all, that comments
made during Oral Communications, the Council can't respond to because
your topic that you spoke to is not agendized. Appreciate all of you coming
and, again, keeping us company this evening.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: Item Number 2, I think the City Clerk has some comments.
Item Number 4, we have three speakers. There are a number of people who
appear to be leaving. If, when you leave, you could do it quietly and take
any conversation to the lobby, it will help us conduct our meeting. Thank
you very much for your cooperation and help.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Mayor Holman, Beth Minor, City Clerk. I understand
there's been some comments and concerns by the Council Members
regarding the fall recruitment that we do and the appointment of those
candidates. My Staff and I are going to look at both the fall and the spring
recruitment after this evening and see if there's a way that we can make it

                                                                         Page 13 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
