                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss was aware of the urgency ordinance for Downtown;
however, she stated Citywide. She asked if the urgency ordinance under
discussion would affect the entire City.

Ms. Stump replied yes.

Council Member Kniss was comfortable with the direction of the Motion but
not necessarily the final outcome. She inquired whether the Council would
craft a long-term ordinance during the 45 days the urgency ordinance was
effective.

Ms. Stump explained that an urgency ordinance would be effective
immediately upon the Council's adoption and extend for 45 days.

Council Member Kniss noted an urgency ordinance could be extended from
45 days to a maximum of 22 months.

Ms. Stump concurred.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 10:00 P.M.

Council Member Wolbach questioned whether the urgency ordinance should
require space for elevators or ramps to underground parking be offset by
space for retail offices and storage located elsewhere in the building. If the
Council did not wish to require that in the urgency ordinance, he suggested
it be included in the long-term ordinance.

Council Member Scharff wanted to know where the offset retail space would
be located in the building.

Council Member Wolbach explained that every retail and retail-like use
required space for offices, storage, and restrooms in order to function. That
type of space did not need to be located on the first floor or facing the
street. A requirement to offset space for an elevator or ramp would allow
the total retail space to remain the same. The original direction to Staff was
to preserve and expand retail space. The Council should consider new
locations for retail uses. Perhaps the existing, legal, nonconforming uses
could provide some expansion for retail.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the Municipal Code definition of retail specifically
concerned sale of goods to final consumers. Number 1 of the Motion
extended protections to a list of service items.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the definition of retail service should be
"predominantly engaged in retail." The concept of retail-like uses should be
added to Number 1 of the Motion.

04/06/2015                                                             117- 191
