                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: First, I wanted to make sure I understand the
intended breadth of the motion. Is this intended to capture all of our
direction on the land use segment?

Council Member DuBois: No. I'm addressing Questions 1 and 2 and saying
that L-8 would be a separate motion.

Council Member Burt: But all of the goals?

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

Council Member Burt:     If we want to make additions, we should do it as
amendments?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Use the existing organization and goals.

Council Member Burt: First, I will say that just on this notion of the nature
of our Downtown district, I also think that in today's economy in Silicon
Valley, there is a role for true R&D and software to be able to exist
Downtown. I think the concern is large, monolithic , multiple companies, a
couple of companies taking over the Downtown for the most part and driving
out the ability for other businesses that were the primary zoned uses and
really the start-up economy. If we have a major business, whether it would
be an HP enterprise, that's their newly created software division, if they
wanted to move their headquarters Downtown, would that be healthy for the
Downtown? The ability for our smaller companies to be able to be born
there and grown. The same thing applies to the Cal. Ave. area as well. I
think that's why we had this plan and zoning going back 60-plus years. I
think that there are certain changes that we should acknowledge, that up to
a certain level it's healthy. After a certain point, the natural order should be
that they move into areas that can accommodate hundreds or thousands of
employees in a location. Two other things, at least two, that I'd like to add
as goals. One really has to do with this big elephant in the room of how do
we control the rate of job growth. We've done quite a lot through our
actions this year of the office cap and PCs and transfers of development
rights. All have constrained the rate of office growth, in particular in the
Downtown area. We haven't done anything that addresses the densification
of existing commercial. The things we've done have been about the rate at
which we will build new commercial space. I'll just add as an aside, that I
think it's a real fallacy that many of the people of who have felt most
passionately about the need to address our housing problem have also been
critical of constraints on office growth. I think it's a real irony that those
advocacies actually probably do more to exacerbate our housing shortage
than constraints on rate of housing growth that are by people who are more
concerned about the rate of housing growth. I think that unless we get a
                                                                         Page 68 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
