                          TRANSCRIPT
Nickel. I wanted to let the Council know that we participated in another
session at Stanford University on a follow-up to a water policy issue that we
did with the Bill Lane Center for the American West. Bruce Cain who had
been the director of governmental studies at Berkeley is now at Stanford.
They did a lot of support work for us related to the San Francisquito Creek
project and the role of the Regional Water Quality Control Board and
continue to do some work. These annual events have been an effort to
primarily pull in the City Managers of the Peninsula, both Santa Clara and
San Mateo Counties, along with Stanford faculty, in the sense of enhancing
our understanding on issues and generating the potential for new additional
research. This Friday we had a fascinating discussion on the subject of "The
Road Less Traveled: Advancing Tomorrow's Transportation and Mobility
Solutions." We had some great speakers: Stefan Heck, who is the director
of Energy Transformation Collaborative at the Stanford Precourt Institute for
Energy, gave a great talk. I told him that I would mention this to the
Council and see about having him come to a work session to give this
presentation on both emergent transportation alternatives and a series of
pilots that they're running with Stanford and some other folks. It could be
very informative to our Comp Plan work. We also had Gabe Metcalf, the
president and CEO of SPUR speak on "The Road Too Traveled: the Peninsula
Commute."       An employer's perspective on regional transportation from
Google and their folks who are leading their TDM programs and other things.
A leading-edge discussion and conversation. I'll report more fully on it to
the Council and look at setting up a work session with Stefan Heck, which I
think you'll find very informative.

Mayor Holman: World Music Day was yesterday. I was not able to attend,
but maybe you have something to offer on that, if you were able to go.

Mr. Keene: I did run into Council Member Berman. We both got to World
Music Festival a little bit early, before it started. I'd say there were a lot of
cellos this year in World Music Day, which was a little different. There was a
nice turnout. Everything from opera to some steel drum bands to folk
singers and pop up folks all along University Avenue.

Oral Communications

Robert Moss: Last Friday there was an interesting community session at
NASA Ames about sea level rise. Council Member Scharff mediated one of
the discussion sessions. This is creeping up on us, and people tend to ignore
it. Most of the discussion was naturally about the impacts on Mountain
View. Mountain View is taking some action to try to mitigate it, putting in
levees and marshland, especially around Moffett Field. Unfortunately, one of
the things that will do is divert a lot of the sea level increase to Palo Alto. I

                                                                           Page 30 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
