                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Fine: No, thank you very much.

Fred Balin: Good evening. Staff inclusion that a PC must be consistent with
the Comprehensive Plan land use designation at the time the application is
submitted is very significant. It does not resolve a host of other issues. If
the PC District is to continue, this is a necessary condition.          Some
background. In the early '60s, Palo Alto refused to complete its General Plan
for fear it might have to comply with it. Enid Pearson, other residents and
environmental attorney Pete McCloskey Jr. took the City to court, won at
trial and again at the appellate level, to which the Supreme Court sent
distinguished Justice Matthew Tobriner to sit and who wrote the unanimous
opinion. Since then, Palo Alto has used its status as a Charter City to stay
outside the requirements of consistency between Zoning Ordinance and
Comp Plan, which is mandated for the 80 percent of state municipalities
covered by general law. This loophole has engendered many PC abuses.
Alma Plaza, the JJ&F block, Café Riacci, 800 High Street, Edgewood Plaza,
plans for 395 Page Mill Road and more. Palo Alto's approach to PC-Comp
Plan consistency is to change land use designation at the same time as
project approval. This is not how it's supposed to be done. You request a
Comp Plan change, study an area not just a project site, conduct hearings
and environmental review, and only after approval by Council do you file a
project application. Credit to Staff for including the two-part provision and
for not accepting that it be allowed to be watered down or rejected at the
Planning Commission. The wording looks good, but the Attorney's Office
must confirm that it will be enforced via its common meaning. In the event
at any time in the future that a PC is not consistent with the Comprehensive
Plan and it is approved, citizens can take the matter to court. If they are
correct, the court will invalidate the PC. Thank you.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Holman, Council Members and Staff.
I'm one of the signers of the PAN letter sent to the Council, but I'm speaking
for myself this evening. The PAN letter points out both specific and wider
problems with the proposed new PC Ordinance. So if two local newspapers,
speakers here tonight and a vast number of letters sent to you. In
particular, neither the Ordinance nor the Staff Report reflect the serious
problems PCs often impose upon the local community where they are sited.
These include extra traffic, increased density and even in some cases
parking spillover. Not only are these impacts ignored, but the Ordinance
raises the specter of money as a public benefit, which means neighbors will
not themselves necessarily see any good coming in exchange for the
problems they must endure. This is wrong, and it reflects a deeply unfair
view. PCs have effectively become a tax on residents while funneling
millions or often tens of millions in profits to developers. Not only is this
unjust to neighbors of a PC, but it also harms our entire City. Instead of
                                                                         Page 55 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
