                             MINUTES
reasons for implementing an exception for retail that was not successful or
feasible. If it was existing retail, then it clearly had been feasible.

Ms. Gitelman reported that in an economic downturn when space was vacant
for years, the property owner should be able to demonstrate that the retail
space was no longer viable.

Council Member Scharff believed that retail viability was based on the
amount of rent. He probably would not support such an exception.

Ms. Stump clarified that such an exception in the urgency ordinance would
allow the urgency ordinance to survive a facial challenge on a takings claim.
Having an exception process did not predict that the exception could be used
successfully. Staff recommended the Council maintain control over that.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the Council or Staff would handle
an exception. He would not support Staff action on an exception.

Ms. Stump advised that Staff recommended it be presented to the Council.

Council Member Wolbach inquired whether the Council could grant a
Conditional Use Permit that would expire in two, five, or ten years in the
case of a retail space not being successful in an economic downturn.

Ms. Gitelman could review that in the context of a long-term ordinance. She
would not do that in an urgency ordinance. The community had been
interested in reexamining ground-floor uses allowed by use permit in some
shopping districts. In that context, Staff could consider the duration of
entitlements.

Council Member Wolbach questioned whether the Council would want to
permit the conversion of hotels to office and remove hotels from the list of
possible uses that could be swapped back and forth. He inquired about the
consultants mentioned on Page 6 of the Staff Report.

Ms. Gitelman reported that the consultants were Dyett and Bhatia and the
land economics firm EPS. They were reviewing retail trends, including
basement conversion, and residential capacity in Downtown.

Council Member Wolbach was open to a discussion of formula retail for the
long term.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the findings needed for an
urgency ordinance were broad.



04/06/2015                                                            117- 181
