                          TRANSCRIPT
San Jose to make sure that we have the money for meaningful congestion
relief throughout the entire county. Why don't I put that aside for a minute,
hit another couple of topics, and then we can go to questions on anything
and everything, Madam Mayor? The Buena Vista, which I know you've all
been deeply engaged in for the last three years. I think you know from
reading in the newspapers and/or from the communications you've had from
Staff or with me, we've hit what I would call a bit of a bump in the road.
Once litigation commenced between the law firm, The Law Foundation,
representing the residents at the Buena Vista and the property owners, it
got a little tougher to have a collaborative conversation around the table. I
don't say that to lay blame on anyone; I don't say it to find fault. It's just in
the real world the litigation process makes things more adversarial and less
collaborative. I think that while things have gotten a little bit tougher, we're
still in the mix in a very real way, and most of what we were able to pull
together with your help, both the Council and the community and the Staff,
is still in place. Before we hit this bump in the road, we had a commitment
of $29 million from the City and the County taken together. Before the
bump in the road, we had a nonprofit partner in Caritas Corporation that was
prepared to become an owner/operator and to continue to run the site as an
affordable mobile home community. Before we hit the bump in the road, we
had widespread community support as evidenced by the packed chambers
that you've had here and the 500 or so folks who came to express their
support one night; the two dozen former Mayors and Council Members,
many of whom I had rarely ever seen on the same letter before; the dozen
and a half School Board members including all five of the current members;
the support from local newspapers of all persuasions, the Mercury News, the
Daily News, the Palo Alto Weekly, the Daily Post. All of that plus the ability
to do a tax-exempt revenue bond, all of that remains in place. While I'm
taking a deep breath, I think it's important to keep in mind that all that is
there. We are at a bit of a standstill in the negotiations while people are sort
of sorting out how they want to respond to the litigation environment they're
in. Just so you know, my office and I continue to be in conversation with all
the parties including your own administration and City Attorney. I was on
the phone just today with the owner, was in the owner's office just a week
and a half ago talking about the current status. Since the earlier offer was
"rejected," both the folks from Caritas and the current owner have sat down
in my office to talk about where things stand. While there's a lot I can't
share about the who said what to whom at which meeting, the conversations
continue as recently as 10:30, 11:00 this morning. My goal right now is to
get everybody back at the bargaining table if we possibly can, because that's
where we might find a way to get to yes. I can tell you that Caritas
submitted what I thought was a very strong offer to the owner. They
continue to be engaged and would like to see if they can't make this work.
Why don't I stop there on that issue? There's one that's just a little bit
                                                                          Page 3 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
