                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump reported in drafting those findings Staff would likely focus on
public welfare and issues such as walkability and livability. Staff believed
they could draft findings to support an urgency ordinance. In the event
someone disagreed with the City, Staff recommended the Council begin the
traditional ordinance process simultaneously.

Ms. Gitelman noted Staff included a number of ordinances from the 2001
period, one of which was an urgency ordinance that contained the type of
findings the Council would have to make.

Mayor Holman requested an example that fit the language of Number 5 on
Packet Page 1489.

Ms. Gitelman offered a hypothetical example of a retail use located on a
residential street because the retail use had always been located there. The
retail use was considered legal and nonconforming.           In the urgency
ordinance, the Council would not want to mandate that the use would
remain. Because the retail use was nonconforming, it should be allowed to
leave if it chose to leave.

Mayor Holman asked how that was different from any number of locations
where retail was not an allowed use, but it had been located there forever.
She asked why a nonconforming retail use should be allowed to leave.

Ms. Gitelman explained that if the Zoning Ordinance did not allow retail in a
given location, it should not protect retail that happened to be there as a
vestigial artifact of the past.

Mayor Holman asked if Staff wanted the Council to discuss boundaries in the
second ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman did not believe the Council had time to discuss that in the
current meeting. Staff could return for Council direction regarding the
different districts.

Mayor Holman noted that retaining the use also retained the square footage.
She questioned the intent of that and the language for it.

Ms. Gitelman understood the Council's intent was to preserve existing
ground-floor retail. If the Council adopted an urgency ordinance on a
temporary basis, it would prevent that ground-floor space from converting to
25 percent office. That would give Staff time to reexamine whether that was
an appropriate standard in Downtown.

Mayor Holman felt the Council should clarify that at the appropriate time.


04/06/2015                                                             117- 182
