                          TRANSCRIPT
and capacity. If there's an incident, you have the redundancy you need.
BART carries 430,000 people already. If we go to Washington to lobby for
money, it's a lot better to say we need money for BART just like Washington
is getting money for Dulles, LA is getting money for Century City. We can
do that. Now we go back to Washington, and really we're advocating for
high speed rail and Caltrain. Caltrain is high speed rail, because they're the
same track size. I would ask you, please, let's make that very visible. I
congratulate you on reversing your stand from a few years ago when you
ran. Now you can get some campaign funds from the monied interests
behind high speed rail.       It's very unfortunate, but you had to do it.
Otherwise, they might run a candidate against you, which we saw here at
Palo Alto. We can talk about that later. Jackie Speier said at the Golden
Gate Bridge barrier dedication it's the obligation of public officials to protect
the public safety and health, which you know. Look, this train is out of date.
This fortress Caltrain that we're building out here is just perfuming the pig.
It's just making vacuum tubes that much better for the future. We need to
go to integrated circuits. You get everything you need with BART, but we
need a leader just like Ron Gonzalez led before. I would ask you to please
consider that. Trenching, if trenching is a solution, let's make the trenching
wide enough so in the future BART can use that same trench. Okay? Or
whatever the future thing is. It's a better use of the space. We don't need
60 feet. You're going to need three tracks. I believe that the blended
solution won't work, but I would ask you to check with the Federal Railroad
Administration to see if they accept four trains, different train speeds with
three operating entities using it. I'm not sure that'll work on two tracks. I
think we're going to need three, which we might as well make it BART. I
would ask you as the Board of Supervisors person, VTA does what VTA
wants which is very unfortunate. They just pulled funding for Pacheco Pass
when they had another major accident the other day. There are too many
accidents on that road. Palo Alto's been affected with people here who have
been injured or killed. Please, put some pressure on VTA to remember they
had the funding lined up and they decided to pull it. I don't know if it's an
equity issue ...

Mayor Holman: Mr. Chatty. Mr. Chatty, time's up.

Mr. Chatty: ... or what. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.          Stephanie Munoz is our final speaker this
evening. Welcome.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Supervisor Simitian and Mayor Holman
and Council Members. I was astonished to hear that VTA had an interest in
housing. Who knew? Last week, we all discussed the property on Page Mill

                                                                         Page 25 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
