                         TRANSCRIPT
your eyes start to glaze over, but it seems pretty clear. It's too bad in a
way, because I agree with Council Member Scharff there is some cool stuff in
this building. I like the retail down Kipling Avenue; some of that stuff is
good. I hope we don't lose that. For me, the issue is compatibility.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not going to speak to this right now. I need
some clarification from the maker of the Motion or the seconder. Essentially,
unless I'm misreading this, we are turning down this design. We are saying
redesign the building. Am I mistaken?

Council Member Burt: You keep wanting me to say things different from
what I'm saying. It says what it says. You can interpret it as you.

Council Member Kniss: Then it says redesign. Essentially we would be
redesigning a building with the criteria that is built into this Motion as it
currently exists. What we're doing, if we vote for this, is we're essentially
turning down what's before us tonight.

Council Member Burt: I will bite.

Council Member Kniss: I just restated what I think you have said.

Council Member Burt: Yep, and it's not what I said. That's why I'm going to
bite. This Motion would intend to have a building that would have less mass
and scale, by implication a smaller building. It would have certain design
changes that would make it more compatible. I could see that it would still
be a building with much of the same style and basic design to it, but with
significant changes to that. Whether you want to describe that as redesign
the whole building, I wouldn't but you're free to do so.

Council Member Kniss: Since I have the floor for a moment. Do you see it
as smaller, since you've spoken about massing and scale?

Council Member Burt: I already said that.

Council Member Kniss: You see it as smaller?

Council Member Burt: Okay, three times. I said it.

Council Member Scharff: I also am struggling with this Motion. I'm thinking
to myself that the Applicant has followed all the rules, done everything
they're supposed to do. They've gotten the ARB approval. They bought the
TDRs or had the TDRs. We, at least some people on Council, think the
building is just too big, which is one thing to say. We're not saying how big
it is. We're saying, "Come back to us with something different. Come back
with a smaller building, smaller mass." What does that mean if you're the
                                                                      Page 77 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
