                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER replace in the Motion under Architectural Review
Board, Part A, “is not” with “the design shall be compatible.”

Mayor Holman: I have one small Amendment. Under Architectural Review
Board, that first sentence regarding the required findings include "including,"
because there may be others that play into this.

Council Member Burt: If we didn't state them, aren't we saying that there
are some others that we didn't state and that we want them to consider? I
don't think so.

Mayor Holman: They need to be able to make all the findings. We need to
be able to make all the findings. We're not precluding anything if we put in
the word "include."

Council Member Burt: Okay. "The project is to be resubmitted to the ARB
to address the following Council concerns." I don't think it's stating here
that outside of these explicit ones, they get a free pass on the other
findings. We're just saying that these are the ones that we have issues with
under the existing proposal. That's the things we're asking for redesign on.

Mayor Holman: If we didn't at this hour capture everything, I don't want it
to be only addressing these, should we have overlooked something.

Council Member Burt: It's up to us to state the things that we think are
problematic and not have it open-ended. No, I would not include the word
"including."

Mr. Popp: It seems to me that there is a redundancy between the language
contained in "E" which is talking about the street building facades and "H"
which is talking about the relationship between the site's development to
adjacent streets.

Council Member Burt: That's correct. Tom, you agree?

Mr. Popp: And "i" which is talking about linkages with the visual unity of the
streets. Somewhere between those three, there's probably one.

Council Member Burt: It looks pretty simple that "H," does that appear to
be a repeat?

Council Member DuBois: I was following along through the Ordinance when
you originally did these and you were calling out several items.


                                                                      Page 101 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
