                         TRANSCRIPT
11.   Colleagues’ Memo from Mayor Holman, Council Members Burt, Schmid,
      and Wolbach Regarding Strengthening City Engagement with
      Neighborhoods (Continued from March 16, 2015).

Mayor Holman: Is there any strong objection to taking up Item Number 11
this evening? It's already been continued once, and it is probably a quick
items.

Mayor Holman: Do we have eight others who are willing to take this item
up?

Council Member Burt: We should have a time limit on it.

Mayor Holman: We have a time limit of 30. Can we say a time limit of 15
minutes on it? Is that agreeable to Council Members?

Council Member Scharff: Just make a motion to refer it out to Policy and
Services. I think that trumps other motions, if I recall our procedures. That
way we can continue moving this forward. That's going to be the outcome
of this item anyway at the end of the day.

Mayor Holman: You're making a motion before we hear from the member of
the public. We have a member of the public who wishes to speak. Then you
can make a motion. We can dispatch this pretty quickly.

Council Member Kniss: I second.

Council Member Berman: The article has already been written.

Doria Summa: I'll be brief. Good evening, Mayor and City Council. Doria
Summa, College Terrace. I am on the College Terrace Residents Association
Board of Directors, but I'm speaking tonight as an individual. In March when
this first came to Council, the College Terrace Residence Association (CTRA)
submitted a letter of support for the Colleagues' Memo before you tonight.
Since then, we've had an election; we have five new members. Our first
meeting will be Wednesday, so we haven't had a chance to revisit this with
the new board. I believe the goal of increasing neighborhood participation
and interaction between City government and neighborhoods is a laudable
goal and that the specific recommendations in the Memo represent a great
step forward towards reaching these goals. I'd like to offer my personal
support for the ideas expressed in the Colleagues' Memo. I would be
particularly interested in the opportunity for neighborhood associations to
once again hold meetings in public facilities without the financial burdens of
having to rent the space and pay for insurance. There's not a one-size-fits-
all model for neighborhood associations.           I also believe that the

04/20/2015                                                             117- 344
