                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That item passes unanimously
with Council Member DuBois absent.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 2-9, 11-16 PASSED:                               8-0
DuBois absent

Action Items

17.   Buena Vista Mobile Home Park: Update and Possible Direction
      Regarding Affordable Housing Funds.

James Keene, City Manager: I hope that the Staff Report that we put
together was self-explanatory. A couple of points I would make as far as an
introduction. Now that the Council has dispensed with your adjudicatory role
in the decision relating to the potential closure of the park, the Council, who
had been previously restricted from engaging on other matters related to
Buena Vista, is not constrained now. The $8 million in funding that, as City
Manager, I announced to the Council we were reserving pending your own
interest in participating or contributing to solutions that could potentially
preserve the park would have been appropriate to come to the Council. At
the same time, the County, as you know, last week added additional funding
to its proposal to reach a total of $14.5 million with conditions of a
concomitant match from the City. This Staff Report has been presented to
identify that we have enough funds available to provide the Council with the
opportunity to set aside $14.5 million for this purpose, if you are interested
in it. These are not General Fund dollars, not dollars that can be used for
other purposes in the City. They're specifically generated by developer
impact fees related to provision of affordable housing. Those are the funds
that we have identified for the Council. The Staff Report makes it clear that
there are some restrictions related to the pools of money that we would be
drawing from, if the Council took this direction. Those restrictions, though,
are set by the Council, and it's completely in your ability to modify to allow
their use in this instance, if you are interested. The thought would be that
you will have your discussion, you'll potentially issue some direction tonight.
If need be, there could be follow-up action that we would be bringing back
related to the policies related to those funds at your first meeting when you
return after your recess on August 17. The report does acknowledge that
there's always the possibility, if there was some reason for a special
meeting, that one may need to be called during the Council recess. Our
assumption is that we would be back, if you are so inclined to take this
recommendation in this report, at your first meeting in August. The Council
may have alternative directions. We're here to answer any questions.



                                                                         Page 12 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
