                         TRANSCRIPT
feet off of the alley. That's all rooftop terrace. That'll be planted. There'll
be people up there. This is the building on the corner, Apple. It's dead as it
extends down Kipling Street. This is the existing building above. Again
dead in the way it addresses Kipling StreetStreet. The slide below is a blow-
up. We're going to have display windows, retail entries. The office entry is
not shown in this diagram here. Canopies of beautiful materials. Same
thing on University Avenue. The slide above is what's there today. The slide
below, much more transparent, much more open, much more compelling for
retailers of today. This is the evolution. Jonathan Lait did a good job. How
we progress. This is what we ended up with, the massing on the Kipling
Street side, what I was talking about. The building actually becomes much
more detailed and fine as it extends towards Kipling Street. The block face
along University Avenue at the corner degrades to this more detail. I am
done. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: We have several members of the public who'd care to speak
to this.

Janice Sedriks: Good evening. My name is Janice Sedriks. I live at 325
Waverley Street, which is just a couple of blocks away. I am surprised the
Architectural Review Board approved the design and height of the new
construction on University Avenue. Both the design and height is out of
keeping with the rest of that block. It's interesting the architect shows the
300 block, but we're dealing with the 400 block here. The old Apple store on
the corner next to it that was converted maintaining the original building.
Even Apple didn't make it into a glass box; they kept the same building. In
my view, any new construction should not be any higher than the Apple
building. I would prefer it keep more in character with the existing style of
Palo Alto. I like modern things, but in this case it's not applicable. If the
height of the building is reduced, the second level underground made
parking may not be required. This is going to greatly impact the businesses
in the area due to construction. I actually belong to YogaWorks; it's directly
behind. I'm sure the noise in itself is going to be a problem. I would also
like to request the City Arborist check again.            I understand the
Mediterranean Carob trees, the real big, old ones, the City has approved
removal of them. They need to look at that again. They're amazing. All
this landscaping that's going to be done by the new company is going to be
piddly little trees that will take decades to reach the majestic trees that
you're going to be removing. That's it for me. Thank you very much.

Sam Arsan: Good evening. My name is Sam Arsan. I'm with Arsan Realty.
I've been doing business in Palo Alto for over 20 years. I concentrate on
retail leasing in the Downtown area. Many of the current tenants in
Downtown are clients of mine. I have several prospects looking in the area.
                                                                       Page 31 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
