                         TRANSCRIPT
hefty, as Martin just pointed out, bonuses for keeping an existing home.
That was just a comment.

Ms. Bunnenberg: There is one more incentive that we have talked about
over the years that is used throughout California, and that is the Mills Act,
which is extremely helpful to owners and has been very successfully used.
I'm sorry that Board Member DiCicco is not here, because she has a
property with a Mills Act and has found it to be very successful. One more
to add to the list.

Mr. Bernstein: One other comment I'd like to make as far as one of our
challenges, that is understanding perceived compatibility and differentiation
between new buildings and historic buildings. That is one of the Secretary of
the Interior's guidelines, for any work done on the historical issues, that
there is differentiation between historic and non-historic. That could be one
of the other challenges that the HRB and the City Council can engage in,
understanding the difference between perception of compatibility and
differentiation on projects. If there are any comments about that, I look
forward to that discussions.

Michael Makinen, Historic Resources Board Vice-Chair: Just building on the
statement that Matthew presented here, developing a Modern Era context
statement to address post-World War II history and architecture in Palo Alto.
This is one of my pet areas I think is totaling lacking in the historic
considerations. The industrial sites in Silicon Valley, we have not captured
any of these in our Inventory. Council Member Greg Schmid reminded me
of that at one time, and it's a, I won't call it a disgrace, but a lacking
element in our historic resource endeavors. We've got to pick up these
industrial sites. It's a glaring omission in my opinion. Also, the Eichler
historic districts need to be addressed. That's mid-century and has become
historic in itself. I propose that we consider doing a survey to develop the
list of industrial sites that would be worthy of consideration for historic
inclusion in the City of Palo Alto's Inventory.

Council Member Kniss: Martin discussed something that we did discuss way
back when. That was where are the teeth. What we're talking about tonight
are the incentives. What are the incentives that are out there? The
example that he gave of what it adds in value to the house is very
significant. Why would we think that most people wouldn't do this? For
those of you who have more background than I do, why would one choose
not to preserve when they can? Is it more expensive? Martin, maybe you
could answer my questions, since you brought it up.



                                                                        Page 9 of 63
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/6/15
