                          TRANSCRIPT
out over all those years, but that's not something that we get to do every
year. It'll take some diligent focus here. I do respectfully disagree with
your assumption that it's going to get harder and more expensive to make
these changes in the future. That's not borne out by experience in other
cities and in companies around the world. We'll have to see the specifics.
To your point that we need to look at the specifics, absolutely so. We will
bring you as many of those as we can, as fully buttressed as we can. Let's
be clear; if we're going to do a 25-year plan, say to 2040 as Council Member
Burt suggested, we're not going to be able to nail down every piece of that
plan. The horizon recedes; we can say with a lot of clarify what the next five
years would be, perhaps the next ten year, but who knows what the
technologies will be on the table in 15 years. You're going to face a pretty
interesting challenge, which is choosing a direction in which you have very
substantial certainty about our ability to fulfill it or possibly setting a goal
that is a challenge where the direction is clear, where every step of the road
is not yet clear and you basically challenge Staff to say, "80 by '40, or
whatever the number is, figure it out and come back to us periodically with
specific plans that are documented, grounded, analyzed," and we move
step-by-step to filling that in. That's the challenge there. Last thing very
briefly. It's really important and a number of you have raised it. You talked
about the opportunity to be a test bed but not at the expense of keeping the
lights on, total agreement there. My first conversation a year and a half ago
with Val Fong—Val, if you're here, I hope you'll permit me to say this—Val
said, "Before you say anything, I want to make it clear to you that I will not
entertain any suggestion that compromises reliability, quality or safety." I
said, "Absolutely not. I will never suggest anything that does." I just want
to question the assumption that many people share that the kinds of change
we're talking about necessarily mean compromising those values. They
don't; we won't.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks for that clarification.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you, and thank you for the report. The first
thing I wanted to highlight since no one else has yet is the mobility as a
service, where you say user centric, all the design designed to solve the
transportation, congestion, parking problems in a multimodal, subscription-
based service-level solution. What I assume you mean in all this jargon is
that you're going to make it easy to get around in a simple way, right?

Mr. Friend: Right.

Council Member Scharff: When I was looking at what constitutes our
greenhouse gas emissions, transportation obviously dwarfs everything else.
Obviously if we had a simple way to get people out of their cars, that makes


04/20/2015                                                              117- 302
