                          TRANSCRIPT
building, you'll see the progress that was made and the really significant
efforts this Applicant made. This is a good example of the Architectural
Review Board process assisting an Applicant toward a better solution.

Council Member Filseth: I would agree with that. The final one looks
significantly different. You guys must have been impressed by that.

Mr. Popp: We were. Many projects that we see are not much of a dialog.
We are struggling with Applicants. We are working hard to get an Applicant
to understand what needs to be changed. This is a capable Applicant who
has experience and understands the process in Palo Alto and listened
carefully to our concerns, met with us and worked hard to address the
concerns the Board brought forward, and ultimately was successful.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. The first thing is on the TDM Program.
Can you actually walk me through? I couldn't find it; I guess I just can't
read this properly. It says Attachment D page 12 of 41, Condition Number
8. What packet page is that? I simply couldn't find it. I wanted you to walk
me through what the TDM requirements are on this project.

Mr. Lait: Jonathan Lait, Assistant Director. I believe you're referring to the
condition that was imposed with respect to the TDM.

Council Member Scharff: Yes, I am.

Mr. Lait: You can find that on packet page 632, Condition Number 8. The
program, as you're getting to that, lays out a requirement. This was not
included in the ARB reports, but it was one that came in with the Director's
approval, that the plan be approved by the Director and that it include
proposed performance targets for parking and/or trip production and
indicate the basis for such estimates and shall designate a single entity to
implement the proposed measures during the building occupancy. It's
relatively a standard condition, but the important part about that is that it's
subject to the Director's review. We're looking at our TDM Programs, and it
has to go through that discretionary review of getting that approval from the
Director.

Council Member Scharff: The reason I ask is we've obviously heard a lot
from the audience about parking and whether or not the building is going to
be under-parked. One of the things I did notice was that they didn't take
advantage of the 20 percent for a mixed-use project, if I recall. I'm glad
they didn't, but there is that. Yes, the building is under-parked. I don't
think there's a question on that. The question is what kind of reduction do
you expect to achieve in terms of parking, in terms of single-occupancy
vehicles through the TDM imposition and how are you thinking about this.
                                                                       Page 52 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
