                             MINUTES
Council charged Staff with designing different solutions. There was no
turnkey operation the City could copy. The idea of tweaking the shuttle
system was not viable.

Mr. Friend would return with specific ideas for transportation. These things
were central to the Sustainability/Climate Action Plan. The City would not
make any significant impact on greenhouse gas emissions without
transforming transportation.

Mayor Holman suggested Staff not be limited by current concepts.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, asked if he should acknowledge the National
Arbor Day Proclamation.

Mayor Holman read the Proclamation into the record.

Mr. Keene announced commercial compostables would be sent to a new,
higher-use facility to eventually generate sustainable electric energy and to
be converted to a soil amendment. The City launched the online Business
Registry which should provide critical insight into the business community.
Staff had completed renovations to the Airport terminal building, resulting in
a savings of $140,000.

Oral Communications

Urban Cummings invited the public to a celebration of Arbor Day on March 7,
2015.

Bonnie Packer, Palo Alto Housing Corporation Board President, explained
Palo Alto Housing Corporation's rental of a house to its employee and the
sale of the Maybell property.

Mila Zelkha, speaking as an individual, was disappointed by attacks from a
few individuals on Palo Alto Housing Corporation and its Executive Director.

Sea Reddy spoke about relations between Israel and Iran.

Dan Garber reported in 2014 property and business-related revenues
contributed more than half of the funds in the City's General Fund.
Commercial property contributed 71 percent of revenues while single-family
residences contributed 29 percent. City data showed the contribution from
commercial property would increase significantly over the next ten years.
Changes to the uses and availability of commercial property could have


03/02/2015                                                             117- 32
