                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt appreciated the appointment of Mr. De Geus. In
addition to his regular duties, Mr. De Geus acted as co-chair of Project
Safety Net during its first year.

Council Member Scharff had been impressed by Mr. De Geus' work. Mr. De
Geus' commitment to youth was genuine.

Council Member Berman related a Palo Alto Unified School District Board
Member's praise of Mr. De Geus and the City's good fortune in employing
him.

Council Member Wolbach was impressed by Mr. De Geus' willingness to talk
with him during a very busy and sad weekend recently. He could not
imagine anyone better suited for the job.

Vice Mayor Schmid was continually impressed with maintenance of City
parks. Mr. De Geus' work with the Parks and Recreation Commission had
been outstanding.

Council Member Filseth was delighted to see talent within City Staff advance
to a leadership position.

Council Member DuBois recorded a no vote on Agenda Item Number 7.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-10.

2.    Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept Macias Gini &
      O'Connell's Audit of the City of Palo Alto's Financial Statements as of
      June 30, 2014 and Management Letter.

3.    Adoption of an Ordinance Authorizing the Closing of the Fiscal Year
      2014 Budget, Including Reappropriation Requests, Closing Completed
      Capital Projects and Authorizing Transfers to Reserves, and Approval
      of the Fiscal Year 2014 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report
      (CAFR).

4.    Approval of a Contract Amendment in the Amount of $63,000 to
      Contract No. C14149978 With Dyett and Bhatia Urban and Regional
      Planners for Additional Data Collection and Analysis Related to
      Downtown Retail and Residential Uses.

5.    Authorization to Operate the Golf Course from March 1, 2015 to June
      30, 2015 and Adoption of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5303
      entitled “Budget Amendment Ordinance of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto to Increase Golf Course Revenues Estimate in the Amount of

02/09/2015                                                            116- 461
