                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth believed a discussion of the California Avenue area
was a higher priority.

Council Member Wolbach suggested the follow-up discussion be more
specific and provide more detailed guidance to Staff, with respect to process
items.

Council Member DuBois did not wish to set a schedule prior to the Summit.

Council Member Burt added that the process would include any guidance on
the role of the Leadership Group.

Council Member Wolbach inquired if Staff would offer suggestions for the
process in their subsequent Staff Report.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff had not yet determined the structure for post-
Summit community work sessions. If the Council intended to weigh in prior
to the Summit on organization of those discussions, that was welcome.
Staff wished to clearly articulate at the Summit what the community was
registering.

Council Member Wolbach suggested Council Members consider details about
process so the subsequent discussion would be more productive.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

Council took a break from 8:45-8:51 P.M.

6.    Review of the Adobe Creek Pedestrian & Cyclist Bridge 2014 Design
      Competition Process and Outcome, and Authorization to Proceed with
      Contract Negotiations to Develop a Scope of Work and Cost for Basic
      Design Services Necessary to Complete Joint California Environmental
      Quality Act/National Environmental Policy Act Review for the Adobe
      Creek Pedestrian & Cyclist Bridge.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether Staff proposed the Council do more
than review the two projects.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director, recommended the Council direct Staff to
proceed with negotiations for concept design and environmental review with
the winner of the competition. The Council was able to direct Staff to
negotiate with one of the other two teams or release a Request for Proposal
(RFP) as an alternative solution.




03/16/2015                                                             117- 99
