                         TRASNCRIPT
not sure if that's on the agenda right now. I want to make sure that even if
somebody doesn't drive or prefers not to drive a winding and, for many,
intimidating road, that they can enjoy that huge chunk of Palo Alto that's
otherwise closed to them. Those are my comments for now, except actually
I will just say as somebody who enjoys martial arts I was disappointed to
find so many people so opposed to martial arts in Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thanks for all the work that has gone into this. I have
a particular interest, and I attended several of your workshops and
meetings, partook in your surveys, and found it a wonderful thing of
capturing what's on people's minds, what they would like to see, what they
enjoy, what's there. I know you have a rich data set. Particularly interested
in this because it's a Master Plan that takes us into the future. At the same
time, the Council is working on the Comprehensive Plan of trying to get us
into the future as well. I did, though, in reading through the material—it
wasn't rich in context. In the last page of your document, you said, "We
have these binders filled with information." I went to the website and looked
and saw all the things you had there. The first thing that caught my eye
was something called demographic assumptions. I said, "Oh, great. This
will help us out with our Comp Plan thing to see where they are and where
we're going." I came to a dead halt on that document. The document, a
10-page document, details of demographics on page 1, paragraph 2, it says
projections show an increase of 20,000 residents over the next 20 years. I
said, "Wow. That is going to transform what this document is. How do you
deal with 20,000 new residents in a town of 65,000?" I went back and
looked through the document, and it actually doesn't say anything about
that. In fact, the only comment in the document says when we get to the
Comprehensive Plan, we're going to have to adapt C-28 which is the parks
per new resident, meaning that you're going to have to reduce it. Never any
other discussion about where are we going to find parkland in the City,
where are we going to find facilities, what do you do when numbers go up
25 percent above what they are now, 30 percent above what they are now.
I said, "Where did that number come from?" I went to the existing
conditions report. My understanding is this is the background information
that is recommended for all Comprehensive Plan work including the Parks
Master Plan. "Oh," I said, "I'll find something here that tells us about
growth." Page 1016 has a chart showing job growth of approximately
19,000 over the relatively same time period that you have. The citation on
both of those documents were the same; City of Palo Alto and ABAG
projections. They are the Plan Bay Area projections. It seems as though we
are using Plan Bay Area numbers as the background for our Comp Plan and
for pieces of our Comp Plan, such as the Master Plan. Now, if that's true,
you should be dealing upfront with the fact that we have a filled-out urban
area, and we are dramatically increasing the population in that. It has a
                                                                      Page 26 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
