                         TRANSCRIPT
circulation, especially coming out of that alleyway behind.         I'm not
suggesting that we do that; I'm just asking if there has been a discussion
about that in the past or if that's something we might consider. If it's
beyond the purview of asking the question just to provide background and
context for the environment of where this project is proposed, then we can
defer that conversation. I wanted to be aware if that had been discussed.

Mr. Lait: We're not aware of that conversation having taken place.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, comments, potential Motions or do you
feel like you need a five minute break? It is 10:00 P.M. which also we
should look at Item Number 12. Given it is 10:00 P.M., do we want to take
up that item? Now is the time that we would decide if we were or were not
going to take up Item 12 which is Policy and Services Committee
recommendation regarding changes to City Council and Standing Committee
Minutes. We've allotted 30 minutes for that, thinking it won't take very
much time. I'll look for Council Members' thoughts.

Council Member Burt: The Policy and Services Committee didn't see any
sense of urgency to that item.

James Keene, City Manager: Looks like you're going to go for a while. I
would just add there are four meetings of the Council this week, every night.
The lack of urgency and not taking it up tonight ...

Mayor Holman:    You're saying the lack of urgency will get us out of here
earlier.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to continue Agenda Item 12- Policy and Services Committee
Recommendation Regarding Changes to City Council and Standing
Committee Minutes to Wednesday, May 6, 2015.

Council Member Scharff: Would it be possible to move it to Wednesday?

Mr. Keene:    This is a continuation to the Special Meeting you have on
Wednesday.

Mayor Holman: I don't have that agenda with me, but it's scheduled to go
to what time, City Clerk?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: I believe about 9:00 P.M.

Mayor Holman: That seems reasonable.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss not participating
                                                                      Page 69 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
