                          TRANSCRIPT

question was on Ross and Greer are we looking at turn restrictions, half
closures, full closures.    We have not identified any locations for turn
restrictions or half closures or full closures. There's some language in the
Comp Plan that makes that difficult, when you're interrupting the
connectivity. However, I think the Comp Plan also references our bike
boulevard network and mentions that partial closures may be an appropriate
solution in some cases.       If there's any specific locations along those
corridors, we can definitely look at that as we move forward in the concept
planning process. To date, we have not identified any partial or full closures
along those corridors. The third question was regarding Midtown connector,
are we looking at a crossing of Caltrain. We're actually going to be coming
back to you in November to give you a full update on the Midtown connector
project. I'd be glad to answer that tonight, but we'll have more substantial
discussion about that in November. That is part of the original proposal for
the corridor, with some type of a cross-barrier connection at that point.
Next question was regarding the Homer Tunnel connection. Are we looking
at either converting High Street to two-way or adding a contra-flow bike
lane? I think we'd like to look at those options as part of the Downtown
circulation and mobility study. I'd also like to look at a bikeway on Alma
Street. There's potentially some extra capacity on Alma, and there's some
modifications that could be made to on-street parking that may allow for a
northbound bikeway to be installed on Alma that would allow people to make
that movement. I think there's probably about four different alternatives
that we'd want to look at. High Street would be a big, strong candidate for
that connection. For Park Boulevard, you asked if we were considering a
two-way, separated bikeway. The answer is yes, I think we would look at a
two-way, separated bikeway as well as one-way, separated bikeways. It's a
fairly constrained right-of-way there, so I don't know if we can fit a two-way,
separated bikeway. That's appealing to us because of the high number of
turning movements onto the ramp for Page Mill Road that conflict with the
southbound bike lane. If we could move cyclists over to the east side of the
roadway, they would be out of that conflict zone for the expressway ramp. I
think the remainder were comments. We can certainly talk to Caltrans
about bicycle regulations at T-intersections.       I know there are some
jurisdictions that have already made that change to their ordinances, to
allow that movement.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I wonder if you could put Slide 2 on. I just want to talk
about the Matadero and Midtown connector. I know we're going to have this

                                                                          Page 9 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
