                          TRANSCRIPT
process. We need more Planners or somebody to go through our Code and
come to Council and say, "This is unclear. Do you really want it to say
exceptional or extraordinary circumstances or do you want to get rid of that
section and say if it'll enhance the appearance of the structure? Do you
want to do that? Or do you want to say there's some mechanism to do this
or do you want to say rooftops are great?" Do we want to think through
everything possible that could make it a better community and put that in
the Code, to say that's good? I don't know the answers to these questions.
It's important that the development community realizes this is in flux right
now and that it's going to be difficult and that it's best to take a conservative
view of what you're going to get approved and what kind of exceptions. If
it's Code compliant, you'll get it approved. If it's not Code compliant, it's
going to be a struggle. I wanted to get that out there. I've been sitting
here thinking, tongue in cheek a little bit, to myself, "When Council Member
Filseth makes the motion to deny the Design Enhancement Exception, which
I would normally vote for at this point." But then I'm thinking to myself,
"Clearly the Director says that we can't grant an exception, so maybe I
should abstain," which I don't think I'm going to do. I am thinking a little bit
about how we transition out of this to get certainty for people who are
spending all the money on their plans, thinking about it when the world has
changed. That's what I'm interested in seeing us do, coming to a consensus
up here a little bit about how Staff can work through, how the ARB can work
through this. I don't know the best way to get there, but I would like us to
get there. I'd like Staff to think about it and come to us. Maybe it's a—even
though I'm sick of them—another special meeting where we work through a
committee of the whole, so we can give guidance to Staff, so the ARB isn't
out granting things, so we're not here to midnight saying no for the fourth or
fifth time on a project. That's my comments.

Council Member Wolbach: Before we move onto motions, just a quick
question looping back to something I raised earlier. Can we require a stop
sign on Park either of the developer or can we include in our motion a
direction to Staff to at least look at traffic calming on Park around the
intersection to address some of the safety concerns around the intersection
of Park and Grant? Is it necessary or appropriate for us to include some
kind of general direction about addressing traffic calming? I know I said it
before, but I'll say it again. This is a good example of why level of service is
a bad metric. We need to move towards getting away from that as our
metric, because it's just terrible.

Mr. Lait: Maybe.

Mr. Keene: Maybe. It would have to be clarified.


                                                                         Page 87 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
