                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd like to reiterate the importance of this issue. Under
public employee and benefit strategic initiatives, we have nine that deal with
various aspects of it, including three or four that deal directly with CalPERS
and being able to do that. I certainly do support having this as an important
strategic policy of the City.

Council Member Burt: The other thing I would like to get on the record is
this discussion about the Brown Act. I would like to see the Legislature
function more transparently, so the public gets to understand and have full
visibility of how legislation is being made. I don't think the fact that they
don't have to function under the Brown Act is a basis to advocate that we
should not. The Brown Act, as imperfect and challenging as it can be, is
about providing greater transparency to the public and openness to our
democracy. It's been a hallmark of open local government in California for
many decades. It may from time to time need to have modifications, but I
am not in favor of disbanding it or any other wholesale changes to it.

Thane Young, Van Scoyoc Associates: Thank you very much, Madam Mayor
and Members of the Council, for having us here this evening. In a minute
my colleague, Steve Palmer, is going to come up and talk about some of the
issues. I wanted to cover some things first. My name is Thane Young, and
I'm a vice president at Van Scoyoc Associates. It's been our pleasure to
work for the City for the last several years. I'm happy to say that we've
seen some progress on some of the priorities that have been laid out by the
Council over those years. I'd like to talk about three issues in particular
within the context of the appropriations bills. Congress this year is making
some fairly good progress on the appropriations bills, passing them in
regular order. The House has acted on half of the annual appropriations
bills. The seventh bill is going to be considered this week. The Senate is
moving ahead with bills, but only up through the committee level. The
Democrats in the Senate are concerned about two major aspects of the
appropriations bills, and that is the spending caps, the funding levels in
those bills, and riders. These are policy riders that the Legislators are
putting in bills to influence regulatory actions that Congress is not happy
about. I haven't counted them, but I think we're probably getting close to
the 100 rider range. One bill alone has 20 riders in it, the Interior and
Environment Appropriations Bill. It's a problem that Congress is going to
have to deal with. What this means is we're going to see all these
appropriations bills get to a certain point and stop. At the end of the year,
we'll be dealing with an omnibus appropriations bill, similar to what we've
dealt with in years past. Two of the issues the City is concerned about are
the subject of these riders in these appropriations bills. One of them is the
Waters of the US regulation. The City sent a very strong letter to EPA and
the Corps of Engineers expressing concerns about that rule. That rule has
                                                                         Page 57 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
