                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump clarified that Council Members should disclose any gathering of
information outside of the formal material submitted by the parties or
presented during the meeting.

Council Member Kniss had twice visited the site, walking around the property
and along the cul-de-sac.

Council Member Berman visited the site.

Council Member Burt visited the site.

Vice Mayor Schmid had traveled along Corina Way many times.

Council Member Filseth visited the site and viewed adjacent properties.

Mayor Holman drove around the site several times.

Helen Koo, Applicant, reported the project site was bordered by two streets,
approximately 133 feet along one street and 62 feet along the other. Three
sides of the property shared property lines. According to Zoning Guidelines,
the short side of the property facing the street was designated the front
property line. The opposite side was the rear property line. The long side of
the property facing Corina Way was the side yard. The lot was surrounded
on three sides by mature, 30-40 foot evergreen trees. The rear of the lot
contained the most dense and tallest trees. Those trees screened the back
from surrounding properties. Deciduous street trees would screen homes
opposite the project and at the end of the cul-de-sac. She proposed
planting six evergreen trees along the fence. At planting those six trees
would be 10 feet in height. At maturity, those trees would be approximately
20 feet in height. Front and rear setbacks were 20 feet; the street-facing
side setback was 16 feet, and the interior side setback was 8 feet. The
proposed footprint was located within all setbacks. Although the setback
requirement for the interior side was 8 feet, the Applicant increased the
setback for the ground floor of the proposed home to 10 feet and 24 feet for
the second story. The allowed height for the proposed home was 31 feet 3
inches; however, the maximum height of the proposed two-story section
would be 23 feet 7 inches. The façade would be an earthy tone and
comprised of natural materials to blend with the site and the neighborhood.
All bathrooms were located within the home to face the street. On the side
of the proposed home facing the neighbor, three windows were obscured
and located above eye-level.

Jeanie Tooker Stephens, Appellant, remarked that the proposed house did
not meet single-family IR Guidelines, which resulted in adverse impacts to
adjacent neighbors. The lot was configured for a smaller home. Setbacks

02/17/2015                                                                117- 8
