                          TRANSCRIPT
what do we want them to do. What do we want them to do differently than
what they did before.

Council Member Burt: But "1" doesn't tell them anything that they do
differently. It's not substantive. It's just saying that it's going to go to the
ARB.

Mayor Holman: It points to the findings that are below, the "A" and "B" and
whatever is under that. That's what it's pointing to. Randy, did you have
something to say?

Mr. Popp: Thank you for indulging me. I'm looking for direction. I'm
looking for direction for my Board. When I read "1A" that says the design is
not compatible with the immediate environment of the site, I need to know
why not. I need to understand what is not compatible. What is it that
you're all seeing that makes this building not compatible? Without that
information, we can't work for you as your Board.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, what was eliminated earlier was the
roof forms criteria, for instance. It sounds like that's what Chair Popp is
looking for. I agree, Council Member Burt, we still need to clean up that first
sentence.

Council Member Burt: The rooflines are already covered down on "D,"
"consistency of rooflines, entries, setbacks, mass and scale with a context-
based solution."

Mayor Holman: "D" is a pickup literally from the compatibility. "2" fleshes
that out more. One or the other needs to be there in terms of what we don't
think currently is satisfying the design criteria. I'm hoping we can find some
way to get through this faster.

Council Member Burt: I would drop "2" and leave "D."

Mayor Holman: Chair Popp, does that give you any better direction than you
currently have based on, that's what you have in the context-based design
criteria right now. Is it focusing you on those issues?

Mr. Popp: I'm not sure I understand what you're asking for in "D" could you
illuminate that a little more?

Mayor Holman: Look at "2" and see if "2" does that for you.

Mr. Popp: What I read "2" to be saying is that context means variation.
That context means differentiation between different building elements. Is
that what you're intending? I believe that's what it says.
                                                                        Page 91 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
