                         TRANSCRIPT
of the above" strategy. The problem was a real, major pain point and,
therefore, the City Council was going to look at adding supply, greater
efficiency of the garages already there, a Residential Parking Permit Program
to keep the local streets from being used as a free parking lot, and a
Transportation Demand Management Program to reduce the trips. Over the
last year, particularly on the RPP and particularly with the Transportation
Management Association, there is a lot more information about the
opportunity to address the parking crunch by reducing car trips. Out of the
research that the emerging TMA has created, they have identified a slate of
programs to be able to incrementally reduce car trips from different
segments of commuters with different locations and different needs.
Therefore, I would urge you as you consider adding supply as one of the
choices to gather the right information to make the decision. That includes
the ability to make an apples-to-apples comparison about the cost-
effectiveness and amount that you can get by reducing car trips versus by
adding additional supply. Several members of the public were talking about
climate and energy. When the utility is thinking about commissioning
additional supply, the first thing a utility does nowadays is to say, "Can we
use the same amount of money and conserve energy and, therefore, not
need to build that power plant to begin with?" I would urge you to use the
information that you have now from the TMA and that which is coming
forward to be able to have an apples-to-apples comparison. The City is in
the business of making it easier to get Downtown. Businesses need it;
residents need it.     I'm not saying we should make it harder to get
Downtown, but saying that the City Council should take the opportunity to
make an apples-to-apples comparison about the cost effectiveness and
overall effectiveness of the different ways of helping more people easily get
Downtown. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Herb Borock, speaking on Item Number 10, to
be followed by Stephanie Munoz.

Herb Borock, speaking to Agenda Item Number 10: Mayor Holman and
Council Members, Item 10 is about the former City Manager's residence.
You have a item at places which is labeled Item 11, which is really Item 10,
a green cover sheet, which has at least to the copies available to the public a
copy of the original employment agreement and also an equity sharing
agreement that memorializes that part of the agreement. This is not the
agreement currently. There is a restated agreement with the former City
Manager that reflected two amendments to the agreement, and then there
was a third amendment. One of those amendments is mentioned in the
Staff Report which indicates how long the former City Manager could stay in
the premises. It's the earlier of a number of items. If you don't have that
restated agreement, you should have it to be clear on the language. I
                                                                       Page 21 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
