                          TRANSCRIPT
environmental review. Through that process, alternatives have to be looked
at again. A more thorough look has to be done, and more extensive
community outreach. This is Step 1 of what could be a fairly long, intensive
process. That's where we're at today. Thank you.

Council Member Filseth: I had one question regarding the widening of Page
Mill between Foothill Expressway and 280. For the outbound traffic in the
afternoon, very clear that'll help a lot. For the inbound traffic in the
morning, doesn't that push the problem to the Page Mill/El Camino
intersection?  Are there enough cars that get diverted onto Foothill
Expressway that they go down Page Mill towards El Camino? If you could
comment on that.

Ms. Cameron: You're right. Once you hit Foothill Expressway and Junipero
Serra Boulevard, you start to see traffic exiting Page Mill. You have more
traffic exiting as you continue up Page Mill. By the time you get to El
Camino Real, the traffic volumes are greatly reduced. By the time you get
to Oregon Expressway, the traffic volumes are well within the capacity of
Oregon Expressway.

Council Member Filseth: Looks like you lose about a quarter after passing
Foothill Expressway. Do I read that right?

Ms. Cameron: That's about right, yeah. Yes. That was our attempt to
make it understandable by the general public of what's happening. You lose
100 cars at Deer Creek, then you lose 750 cars at Foothill/JSB. By the time
you get to what looks like Hanover, we're losing 500 more cars. They're
going to their job sites; that's their destinations, so they start to peel off the
Expressway.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thanks very much for the information you passed along
and the details. I can see that you were dealing with a problem out in 280
and the flow of traffic into the prospering Palo Alto and have step-by-step
identified some things that you can do. Tonight you're talking to Palo Alto,
so it probably would be most beneficial to talk about what this means for us.
How do we interpret the data and react to it effectively? Over the last
couple of weeks, we have had detailed discussions over two development
projects, one at 2555 Park, one at 411 Page Mill, both office complexes.
Part of our analysis was a traffic analysis. We used as our base information
for the traffic analysis the same model you did, the VTA/MTA/ABAG model.
They did identify, just as you have, that the intersection at Page Mill and El
Camino is a real trouble spot. It is deteriorating over time when you look at
2000 to 2013 or from 2013 to your dates of 2025 or the dates they use of
2040, where it became Level of Service F. The model was used to examine

                                                                             Page 8 of 82
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 06/22/15
