                           TRANSCRIPT
and expansion of the Bryant Street facility. However, the Great Recession
came along, and that project was put on hold until now. That experience on
the Board gave me the opportunity to see firsthand how well run an
organization Avenidas is. The staff and management of Avenidas provide an
excellent set of programs and services within the confines and limitations of
the facility at Bryant Street. Which brings me to my second hat which is the
one that I wear now with passion. I retired ten years ago from Hewlett-
Packard after a 33-year career in software development. During my time at
Hewlett-Packard, I kept up my interest in drawing, an interest that I
acquired at a very young age. I had never tried painting before. Two years
after I retired, I noticed that Avenidas was offering a beginning watercolor
class. I decided to take it. It didn't take me long to fall in love with
watercolor painting. It is now my passion. For the last eight years, I have
taken beginning, intermediate and advanced watercolor classes at Avenidas,
but painting requires good light. The room that we have our classes in does
not have good light. It has fluorescent lights in the ceiling which reflect off
of the surface that we're painting on and make it hard for us to paint. I look
forward to the day when I can paint in the new art room of the new facility,
which will have good lighting and allow me to paint better. I would urge you
to support the proposal before you this evening. Thank you.

Dr. Peter Cheng: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. My
name is Peter, and I've been serving the community as a physician for the
last ten years at the Palo Alto Medical Foundation. My medical specialty is
called geriatric medicine where we promote the wellness and health of our
senior citizens in the community. I'm speaking to you for three reasons.
First, I feel that the clients that Avenidas serves are our citizens. They're
our patients in the clinic. In fact, we share a lot of the same patients and
clients and working together to find ways to promote healthy aging and to
try to prevent problems that creep up with aging. As a doctor, we do a lot of
doctoring with pills, procedures and with surgical instruments. I can tell you
the best medicines are happening oftentimes outside of the walls of the
medical clinic and in places like Avenidas. Avenidas is a place that is full of
activities. It's full of vibrancy, and full of life. It is not the first thing many
people think about when they think about aging. To me, it is a building that
is overdue for a refreshing. I've seen some of the new designs, and they are
very, very age-friendly. They're thoughtfully done, and they represent the
future of aging and aging design. I want to let you folks know that I feel
blessed to be serving the citizens of Palo Alto, which is a pretty amazing city
with lots of innovation, smart people and great ideas. I can tell you, as we
serve our senior citizens, we have also the same quality of people with their
smarts, enthusiasm and ideas. I would like you to really consider upgrading
our Avenidas to reside in a world-class building that it deserves. Thank you.

                                                                           Page 71 of 113
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/19/15
