                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:       Thank you, Commissioner Downing.           Council Member
Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think I will make a comment here. We the
Council, we report to the residents. When you describe elections as popular
whims, that's our boss you're talking about here. I think our priority, as
Tom said, is to execute the community's business as fast and efficiently as
we possibly can. That's really all of us as a larger group, because we're all
the Council. We're the Council and you're a Council Commission and so
forth, so it's all our responsibility to work together to get this done. There's
sort of this whole mantra that's sort of picked up by everybody in Silicon
Valley about discussion is good and so forth, but at some point you've got to
make a decision and choose a direction. At that point, there's this whole
mantra of we've got to agree and commit and disagree and commit and all
that kind of stuff. We have direction. We're trying to do what we think we,
as best we can as what we've been told by the residents that we want to do.
I think not everybody agrees with that direction. We're talking about—I
mean, I think it's pretty clear we're moving on a slow growth path. Not a
zero growth path, but a managed growth path. Not everybody agrees with
that direction, and that's okay. There are a variety of ways to act when
that's the case. For us as this group, the larger Council here, I mean, the
top priority is we've got to get the community's business done. I think we
need to figure out once we choose a direction, that we need to go down that
and do it the best we can. I think that's the responsibility of all of us.

Mayor Holman: Chair Tanaka.

Chair Tanaka: I wanted to first thank everyone for their feedback and
thoughts. I think this is actually quite helpful. I actually like all the earlier
comments which is I think this should have happened a lot earlier, a lot
sooner. That said, I think it's better late than never. I do also kind of want
to reiterate what I said earlier. I think all the Commission Members have
really tried best efforts. I think as you hear all the Commission Members
talk, I think everyone has the best intentions. It's really kind of channeling
those best intentions and efforts and time commitments that people have
been making to improve the process, making things more effective. I think
the best way for the Commission to serve the Council—we do serve the
Council; we're appointed by the Council—is to make sure that it's clear as to
what we're supposed to be doing in terms of what is our charter, what we're
trying to do. Of course, we all have read what's on the web page. There's a
part of—I've heard several different voices. One is "you should not go
beyond the parameters that are given to you by Council." I've heard also
that it's good to hear opposing viewpoints. It's kind of a delicate thing to
figure out sometimes. I think getting more clarity on that would be good.
                                                                             Page 62 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
