                          TRASNCRIPT
where possible. Streets will be safe and attractive and designed to enhance
the quality and aesthetics of Palo Alto neighborhoods. Palo Alto recognizes
the regional nature of our transportation system and will be a leader in
seeking regional transportation solutions through long-term planning.

Council Member Burt: We didn't get in our greenhouse gases.

Mayor Holman: We lost greenhouse gases.

Council Member Burt: The adverse impacts, that's in there.

Mayor Holman: And will be a leader in ...

Council Member Burt: Down in the final sentence, David, it'll be "will be a
leader in seeking regional transportation solutions ...

Mayor Holman: To reduce greenhouse gases through ... Are we close
enough? I think the Staff understands where we're trying to get to.

Council Member Burt: Yeah, we'll let Staff work out the rest. Let's just go
with it.

Mayor Holman: Understanding that ...

Council Member Burt: This is not the final wording.

Mayor Holman: ... this is not the final wording, but this is the direction that
the Council's interested in going. Council Member DuBois, do you need to
comment on this motion? Your light's on. Okay, good. Voting on the board
on this motion. That passes on an 8-0 vote with Council Member Kniss
absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: Going to goals. Council Member DuBois, that's what your
light's on for.

Council Member DuBois: See if I can move us through this one quickly. I
was generally aligned with Staff's recommendations of kind of starting with
the PTC, I guess, structure, kind of as outlined, combining some of the
current Plan into the new one. A couple of specific comments on proposed
T-3 residential street. I actually preferred the old wording which was
"neighborhood impacts." I actually wanted to propose a T-9 which I emailed
to David, which again was more specific around congestion relief. Again, in
our discussion at the previous meeting about transportation, we never really
got to our, I guess, goals or policy discussion. I guess, it sounds like there
                                                                       Page 114 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
