                            TRANSCRIPT
                                         Wolbach

Voting For Anne Cribbs:                  Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth,
                                         Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
                                         Wolbach

Voting For Judith Fields:

Voting For Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan:       Burt

Voting For David Moss:                   DuBois,    Filseth,    Kniss,        Scharff,
                                         Schmid

Voting For Victoria Thorp:               Berman, Holman, Wolbach

Ms. Minor: Jim Cowie and Anne Cribbs, each with nine votes, have been
appointed to the Board. David Moss with five is also appointed.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you and congratulations.         Congratulations to
everyone who applied. The comments after those interviews were "we have
a lot of good candidates. This is going to be difficult." I think you can tell
that by the vote. Thank you to all the applicants, and congratulations to
those who have been appointed.

At this time Council returned to Agenda Item Number 19.

19.   PUBLIC HEARING: To Consider a Continued Appeal of the Director of
      Planning and Community Environment’s Architectural Review Approval
      of a 31,407 Square-Foot, Four Story, Mixed Use Building With Parking
      Facilities on two Subterranean Levels on an 11,000 Square-Foot Site in
      the Downtown Commercial (CD-C (GF)(P)) Zone District Located at
      429 University Avenue; and Approval of a Mitigated Negative
      Declaration.     Environmental Assessment: A Mitigated Negative
      Declaration has Been Prepared. This Hearing is Continued From May
      4, 2015 *Quasi Judicial.

Mayor Holman: We now return to our first item which is Item Number 19.
Council Members, if we could, let's try to do—we might have to do more
than one round here. Can we do combined questions and comments in
three-minute rounds and let's see how far we can get.

Male: (inaudible) motions?

Mayor Holman: Questions and comments. Three-minute rounds. Let's see
if we can get through this quickly. Council Members, lights. We're done

                                                                             Page 20 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
