                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Sartor: We would consider doing a Request for Proposals and doing a
serious review of the folks that have proposed. As we talked last week in
the infrastructure program discussion, we are looking at bringing on Staff
support with experts in the field of construction management and design
that would help us through that review process. We will have an open
competition for that.

Mr. Keene: We can build in design criteria as part of the ... Obviously
there's an art to doing that in a way that would elicit the best possible
responses.

Mayor Holman: I would hope so. I just don't want to see a typical RFP
process where we go to the cast of usual characters or just post it on the
City's website, and whoever comes comes. That isn't going to work for
these projects, I don't think. I think the public is looking for something
much higher quality than what we get in some of those things. Also, it talks
about zoning compliance. I also want there to be—as City Manager just
referenced, we have all manner of ARB findings that have to be made and
such. I really want those to be focused on as well, so we don't get to the
end and go, "Oh, my gosh." It's not just zoning compliance; it's the criteria
that have to be satisfied to get architectural approval. As far as the parking
garage, I would absolutely support retail, but not the 4,700 square feet as
one space. I would much rather see perimeter retail that's small spaces, like
500 to 1,500 square feet. They're much shallower and are on two sides. I
might even be interested in looking at some kind of nonprofit, small spaces
too even on the alley side or on the furthest side away from Park Boulevard.
We've got nonprofits that keep talking about how hard it is to find space
here. Smaller, not as small as kiosks, but 500 to 1,500 square feet on the
perimeter. With that, the next light I have on is Council Member Scharff
again. We'll do 3 minutes. Why don't we do questions, comments, motions.
As one wishes.

Council Member Scharff: I guess I just had a quick question first. When I
look at the retail, it's just one little building in the area or is it spread out?
How does the retail work on this and what were the constraints of the site?
How did you come to that retail, the way it looks?

Mr. Ross: What we wanted to do urbanistically was to wrap the commercial
activity around the corner from Cal. Ave. onto Birch. At the same time, we
didn't want to lose too many parking spaces in so doing. What you're seeing
there is a 4,700 square foot space available for subdivision. We never
considered that it'd just be a 4,700 square foot space. Your idea about sort
of incubator commercial spaces or things like that, this would be an ideal
spot for that. What we didn't do in this study was look at additional

                                                                          Page 98 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
