                          TRANSCRIPT
to anybody who's watching from home or listening from home that this will
be a very difficult item to follow, because even with all of the paper or files
in front of us, it's still challenging because of the complexities. Apologies
upfront to the public. Staff has a presentation. It looks like, Jonathan,
you're leading the way.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor Holman. Good evening, City Council. Let me start by
saying that I'm Jonathan Lait, Assistant Director for the Planning and
Community Environment Department. I'm joined by Cara Silver, the Senior
Assistant City Attorney, and Amy French, who is our Chief Planning Official in
PCE. I want to thank both of them for their incredibly hard work and many
late night hours and working on the weekends to help move this item
forward on the schedule that we inked out earlier this year. Thank you to
both of you for your hard work on this. What we're trying to do here with
this collection of amendments to the Planning Codes is to take an
opportunity to align our Code to the City policy as we've come to understand
it from the City Council over time to reflect past practice of interpretations of
the Code that have played out and to recalibrate some of the interpretations
that have been made when you apply the Codes to projects. We think that
there's opportunities there to pull some items back, so that they're a little bit
closer to the plain reading of the Code. We also think that there are some
provisions in the Code that are missing, frankly, that exist in other Codes
that would give us a little more authority to help improve the administration
and also to resolve some recurring challenges that we experience almost on
a daily basis either at the Planning counter or as we're processing projects in
PCE. When we were looking at this, our approach, I guess, was to first
develop a list of items that we thought we'd be able to move forward. All
along our objective had been to have noncontroversial items, things that we
thought were pretty straightforward to move on to the City Council. We
started preparing a list, and that list actually broke out into two lists, a Tier
1 list and a Tier 2 list. The Tier 1 list were those things that we thought
we'd be able to move forward on the schedule that we had. Tier 2 items
were items that in and of themselves were their own policy discussions or
items that we thought may require more public outreach or other resources,
whether they're a consultant or a financial resource to do studies. We
started populating two lists, a Tier 1 and a Tier 2 list. As we were building
those lists, we had the opportunity to meet with individual City Council
Members. We met with local architects. I met with representatives of the
local real estate organizations; I believe you received a letter from SILVAR
talking about one of the concerns that they had about one of the provisions.
Amy's been to architect offices. We've actually notified architects who we
thought might be most impacted by some of the provisions, so that we can
get the word out and have people be aware of what was taking place. We
                                                                         Page 28 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
