                         TRANSCRIPT
of the ARB, the Planning Director and the law. I submitted a letter on
Friday, May 1st that walked through each of Appellant's arguments which
were also exhaustively addressed in the Staff Report and in the architect's
presentation. As you now, this is a quasi-judicial matter. In a sense, you
serve as judges here today, determining whether Applicant's project
complies with the law and whether there's any basis to overturn the ARB's
unanimous findings. It is without dispute that this project is compliant and
conforms with all existing laws, regulations and design guidelines. Staff
points out that the project and appeal touch on "several current policy
considerations the Council and community are having related to Downtown
development, housing and parking." Again, while Council can and should
engage in policy discussions to guide its future decision making, it can't
change the rules in the midst of a project. We urge you to deny the appeal
and affirm the Director's findings.

Ken Hayes: Hi, Ken Hayes. Thank you. Mission Revival, modern, Spanish
Colonial, Victorian, Queen Anne, utilitarian are all surrounding architectural
styles referenced by Mr. Harbour. I would like to add a few more like Art
Deco, bungalow, mercantile, neoclassic. It is this eclecticism that defines a
community as accepting, innovative, progressive. A community that is Palo
Alto. We are not Carmel; we're not Santa Barbara; we're not Los Angeles
(LA). Palo Alto is recognized worldwide for its entrepreneurial environment,
for its innovation, for its technology, for its position on environmental
concerns and sustainability. This is a brand new building. Certainly we're
addressing sustainable issues. Our architecture should be part of this
forward thinking, not stuck in the past. Let's write the book and lead the
way. Let's innovate and inspire new ideas without forgetting the past but
with our sights on the future. As I've demonstrated tonight and as everyone
has talked, the standard is compatibility. The transitions that I showed you
tonight of rooflines, of upper story setbacks and so on are found throughout
the Downtown. They're all over. The alignment issue of trying to establish
compatibility with relating to existing building architecture, contextual
relationships is found in this building. We've aligned recesses. There's a
predominant 10-foot window that surrounds the ground floor that is the
same scale as those of the adjacent buildings unlike the parking garage in
LA which must be 20 feet tall. The Kipling retail is not ignored. We have
deliberately wrapped the ground floor glass, we've increased the glazing by
75 percent on that ground floor to invigorate the Kipling side street and the
linkages that we talk about that we want from district to district. Having the
retail frontage provide that linkage is important. We're doing that for that
enhanced pedestrian experience. Mixed-use opportunities. We want to
encourage those in the Downtown. We have four apartments; these aren't
condominiums. In terms of size, this building is 8,700 square feet more
commercial area than is there today. That's hardly a massive building or
                                                                       Page 47 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
