                          TRANSCRIPT

but it's the network. It's creating opportunities where we previously haven't
seen routes, service, frequency, what have you. The other thing is a few
folks have mentioned last mile/first mile connections. We all know that
that's a really difficult nut to crack given our land use patterns. I think that
there are some really interesting pilots that are happening. There's an
opportunity with this package to ask for more of that type of innovation. It's
partnerships with Lyft, with other ride-hail services, and managing it in a
dynamic way. At off peak hours, shoulder hours for something like Caltrain
service where—by shoulders I guess I mean 9:00, 10:00, 11:00 and then
3:00, 4:00, 5:00. I think the Tasman area in Sunnyvale is starting to pilot
that. If we could see a series of other pilots throughout the county, again
feeding into the regional network and starting here in Palo Alto, I think that
can help us crack some of the difficult commute nuts that are heading our
way. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, it is for all practical purposes 10:00,
which is when we do a check-in to see what we're going to accomplish. As
part of Item 24 and 28, Number 1 and 2 on the screen that you see need to
be done tonight. Number 3 does not. Number 28 does. Also, we have Item
27 which has to be done tonight but should be a quick one. My question for
Council Members is Item 25—there are people here to speak to this—if we
can quickly dispatch that, I would suggest we go ahead and do that so we
will not be keeping people here waiting for that item, if it can quickly be
dispatched. I see no disagreement to that. Item 26, just letting us know
that it's 10:00 and just weighing in. I know there is a lot of interest in
expediting that item as well, but it means we'll be here late. Just want to
make sure we're all committed to doing that.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: Yes, sir.

Mr. Keene: I don' want to confuse things. We often make decisions at
10:00 that at midnight suddenly, "Maybe we underestimated." I'm not
saying you want to do this, but if you do look at next week you have an
Action Item on minimum wage. You have two very short grand jury
responses. You have a public hearing on the PC Ordinance. That is a public
hearing. You have to open it, but it is not time sensitive to the same
degree. I would just say whether you want to end up punting anything at all
over to the 24th, that is a possibility to just keep in mind if somehow the
evening unfolds more slowly than we think.

                                                                         Page 68 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
