                          TRANSCRIPT
Terry Holzemer speaking for five people: I'll try to use as much brevity as
possible. I understand it's late. I would like to take a moment though to
recognize the more than 65 people that came tonight wearing our badges to
stop 255 Park. I would be remiss if I didn't mention those people that came
tonight. I'm sure many of the Council Members saw them, and I hope you
would recognize that they came here because they believe that this project
is not right for this site. I have a petition here of over 70 people who live in
Palo Alto. We did this over the internet just over the last few days. I'd like
to submit this as a record showing that all of these people were also against
the project but could not attend tonight's meeting. First of all, I'm very glad
to be here tonight, to be in front of you. I'm representing not only myself as
a Palo Altan for more than 20 years, but I'm representing our residential
association board at Palo Alto Central, which is the largest condominium
complex in the California Avenue area with over 300 concerned citizens. We
came here tonight to stand and to strongly voice our deep concerns and
objections to this proposed project. If left unaltered, this project not only
demolishes a significant historical structure as stated by your own HRB, it's
going to replace it with another glass and steel office building which will
double the amount of office space and triple the amount of parking in one
small site. Specifically, we want to object to these things. Our first
objection is to the DEE, which the City should reject outright because of
what it is proposed to do. It violates the DEE's own standard of a minor
architectural feature. There is nothing minor about this feature. This is an
extension of the building. It goes from three stories to four stories. There's
no doubt about that. It's only for the benefit of the tenants themselves. It
has no benefit to the community at all. There's a picture on the wall up
there; I hope everybody can see it. Our second objection is in regards to
this. It's about inadequate parking and the queuing of vehicles on Grant
Avenue. The proposed building claims that they'll be fully parked for their
employees, but there is almost no room at all for visitor parking. Where will
these visitors go? They will come; they'll go into our streets, the same
streets our residents use. If you look at this picture closely, you'll also see a
car coming out of the only entrance to the building. We're very concerned
that this, we think, narrow entrance will cause issues with queuing of cars as
they enter and come into the mechanical lift system. The City says there's
only room for two vehicles, two vehicles at a time until it backs into Grant.
Two vehicles is inadequate, because there's going to be more than two
vehicles showing up at the same time, guaranteed, whether they're coming
in or they're going out. There's no doubt going to be a queuing problem
that's going to affect Grant. It's no doubt about it. Please remember that
Grant Avenue is the only entrance, the only one, and exit for many of our
Palo Alto Central residents. Hundreds of residents use this street daily to
get to and from work, school and other activities. Often we have to drive
around the service vehicles that are already parked, many times double
                                                                         Page 60 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
