                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: College Terrace?

Mr. Keene: That was really before.

Mayor Holman: Council Members.

Council Member Kniss: I apologize for interrupting, but I thought that's an
important thing to know, when did we last do one. Council Member Filseth
said, "Where is it?" I'd say it's already been dead for three years.

Mayor Holman: Frankly, they have not been that prolific for a while.
Edgewood Plaza was the one prior to that, I would say. Motion on the floor
is to direct Staff to bring back changes to 18.79, Development Project
Preliminary Review Procedures, at a subsequent Council meeting. That Staff
Report is already complete. Vote on the board please. That passes on a 9-0
vote.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Wolbach: Kind of dovetailing on the conversation that we
just had on the subject of affordable housing. I would encourage all of my
colleagues to think very carefully about how the frankly political environment
in the community right now might discourage people who have good ideas
about affordable housing from bringing them forward. I will leave my
comments to that for now.

Council Member Burt: I wanted to briefly report that the Mayor had
appointed Council Member DuBois and myself to a committee that is a water
recycling committee—I'm trying to remember our exact title—in conjunction
with the Santa Clara Valley Water District to explore potential directions and
capital investment by the Water District in water recycling, either potable or
non-potable, and different alternatives. We made the recommendation that
that committee be expanded to include our partner agencies in our
wastewater treatment plant. That was tentatively approved. At our next
meeting, we hopefully will officially adopt that. At the nomination of Council
Member DuBois, I was selected Chair of the committee. I think that this is a
very interesting, exciting opportunity that could move us toward a
sustainable water supply long term.


                                                                         Page 80 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
