                          TRANSCRIPT
decision whether they want to live with a single story or a double story.
Thank you so much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.         Rhea Tauiliani to be followed by our final
speaker, Kenneth Lui.

Rhea Tauiliani: Good evening, Council. I'm the homeowner of 2767, and
my husband just spoke a while back. I'd like to add on to the points that he
mentioned. As regards to the privacy considerations, in addition to the City
Building Codes, if you look at the topography of the Greer North tract, we
have circles and lines which in most cases provide a natural way of homes
not facing each other. While this petition does not restrict the design of the
redeveloped homes, single or double, we love the Eichler-like modern
architecture. If we were to expand, we would do so such that it was
designed to blend in with our neighbors and avoid invasion of privacy.
Additionally, as you're aware, we are in the flood zone and, therefore,
cannot have a basement. Lastly, I would like to read the extract of the
email that I got from the homeowner at 2779 who is my neighbor with the
two story, who switched from a yes SSO to a no. What she states is with a
house that was barely 1,100 square feet and three children and about 25
years ago, I added a partial second story with an additional 750 square feet,
trying to keep it as consistent as possible with the original Eichler look.
Moving to a bigger house was just too expensive and not an option. I
understand fully well the difficulties of trying to increase the living space on
these small lots, and I'm sympathetic to anyone else in the same position.
Therefore, I would like to change my original position on this proposal from
supporting the ban to opposing the ban on two stories in order to allow for
some expansion of homes on these small lots in this particular tract. This is
also a good reflection of many of our constraints and considerations. Thank
you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speaker is Kenneth Lui. Thank you.

Kenneth Lui: Good evening, Council. My name is Kenneth Lui; I live on
2707 Greer Road. Myself and my wife, Rebecca here, are in favor of the
single-story overlay. We are relatively new neighbors here; we only moved
in here about seven years ago when we were having our second child. We
just moved in before Conrad was delivered. We renovated the house and
finished in 2012. It was actually used as an example of the outstanding
remodel. I wanted to use this opportunity to address the concerns of
expansion of a small family. We have a relatively small lot, 7,000 square
foot. We expanded the house to 2,400 square foot. With some thoughtful
architecture planning, we were able to have two master bedrooms with
attached bathrooms, one with a walk-in closet. We have two kids' room with

                                                                           Page 122 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
