                         TRANSCRIPT
east of Highway 101 received the most overall response rate at 69 percent,
which still isn't very high. Many of the residents supported transportation-
related investments related to bicycle and pedestrian improvements and
shuttle service improvements as well as incentives to use transit. As you
can see, the ease of travel through Palo Alto and parking availability both
rated low as did speed of growth in Palo Alto, meaning that residents are not
happy with the way Palo Alto is growing commercially. We also asked a
custom open-ended question. The first handout with your at-places memo
has all the responses sorted into categories. The question we asked was
what one change could the City make that would make Palo Alto residents
happier. The National Research Center categorized those questions into
several categories, development, governance, housing, parks, recreation,
library, safety and crime, transportation and traffic, utilities and other. We
went into those and added some other categories that would make them a
little bit more descriptive. For example with development, we saw that most
of the concerns were with design and density. With housing, most of the
concerns are with affordability.       Interestingly, the concerns regarding
density were very mixed. It was about equal for the people who said less
dense housing and the people who said more dense housing. Transportation
and traffic, again, no surprises there. Most people mentioned that they were
concerned with traffic flow and parking. They also addressed bike and
pedestrian issues, but those were addressed in a positive way where they
were wanting to see some improvements that made it safer for bikes and
pedestrians to travel through Palo Alto. What do all of these results mean?
It's a little bit difficult to draw clearly defined results, because the
demographic factors are too varied. We were hoping that we'd be able to
figure out a little bit more by having the geographic areas, but that wasn't
the case. The third handout is a correlation analysis where we took a couple
of questions and tried to relate them to others to see if there was any
correlation between how people responded to one question and how they
might respond to another question. Generally a correlation of one is a
perfect correlation. As it moves away from one, the correlation becomes
less related. You'll see that there's not some strong correlations for the
most part with some of those answers. The other thing we did was we took
one question, Palo Alto as a place to retire, and we looked at all the
demographics for the respondents.         Your fourth handout shows those
responses by north and south and then by the areas. As you can see,
there's not a high percentage in one area that says this is clearly how we
can determine that people decided it's a good place to retire or not.
However, a little bit later when Houman does the demonstration, you will
see that we do have some other ways to try and help draw some conclusions
from some of these results. One of my Staff also went through and looked
at some factors that are known in Palo Alto that may have affected some of
the responses, but again we can't draw definitive conclusions because we
                                                                        Page 5 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
