                              MINUTES
would be displaced by larger companies. He expressed concern about
driving small professional offices out of the City. One cap for large offices
and another cap for small offices was worthy of consideration. A cap should
be paired with protections or incentives for small businesses. He did not
believe a cap would significantly reduce office development, but it could
provide a level of safety against a large spike in the near future. It could
modestly address the harms of unbalanced planning. it could buy time to
increase the housing supply, to fix parking problems, and to improve non-
car transportation options. Specific plans were an excellent tool to help the
community achieve the results it wanted. With respect to conversions, the
Council should identify ways to make it easier to convert office and R&D
space to housing and retail and to make it harder to convert retail and
housing to office and R&D. Perhaps the Council should mandate TDM
Programs for offices and for housing as well.        Several of the largest
companies in Downtown were doing good work with TDM Programs. A TMA
could work with smaller companies to reduce car trips. The City's parking
permit system was incredibly bureaucratic resulting in low utilization of
parking spaces in Downtown. Perhaps private parking garages could lease
their spaces to the public.      The jobs/housing imbalance could not be
addressed solely through increasing the number of housing units or solely
through limiting office development. The jobs/housing imbalance was a
central contributor to high median rents. The Council should explore a
variety of options.

Council Member DuBois agreed with Council Member Wolbach's comments
regarding the relationship between commercial space and housing. The
issues were maintaining the aesthetic appearance and function of Palo Alto
while allowing growth. The City had to slow the growth of non-retail office
space. The Staff Report indicated the Comprehensive Plan process was 12
months, but the Council did not need to be driven by that schedule. The
new process should provide clarity and consistency for residents, developers,
and Staff resulting in more efficiency. The community should not assume an
annual cap would modify existing caps; the City should test an annual cap
prior to removing the existing cap. He wanted Staff to evaluate a range of
10,000-40,000 square feet under an annual cap. A project competition with
clear criteria was key, and points could be awarded to projects utilizing a
lower Floor Area Ratio (FAR). If the Council considered geographic regions,
then it should review parking shortfall and level of service intersections rated
D and F as part of the geographic definition. He opposed rolling over unused
allocations.

The Council should consider evaluating the assumption of 1,000 square feet
per employee. The Council should review exceptions in current Ordinances
and consider closing some of them.

02/09/2015                                                              116- 472
