                         TRANSCRIPT
consider a total compensation model which would allow restaurateurs to
evenly (inaudible) wages within the restaurant. Thus, other restaurateurs
have spoken to it, and we have several legal opinions that I could forward
to the City Attorney and you, Mayor, that say that this approach is
completely legal under the California State Labor Code. In addition, the
restaurant industry has long been an entry point for young people into the
job market. Restaurateurs take a chance on relatively unskilled and
unexperienced youth and train them to be productive citizens within this
community. Teens with eight to nine months of hands-on experience tend
to be able to be more successful within their later years of life. We ask the
Council to consider a training wage or a teen wage aspect within the
Ordinance to allow first-time employees to gain work experience. Lastly, I
just want to list some statistics of restaurants within the City of San Jose
after their minimum wage increase. 66 percent of restaurant owners
increased their prices; 44 percent of restaurant owners reduced employee
hours, 42 percent of restaurant owners reduced staffing levels or staffing
hours, and 30 percent did not choose to expand within the City and/or
surrounding areas. Thus, the food service industry is the second hardest
hit due to a minimum wage increase. We ask you, the Council, to work
with us as this issue continues to roll through the Council. Thank you.

Stephanie Munoz: The general principles I think we all agree with. I would
like to ask you to take a little bit more nuanced and sophisticated look at
compensation. Am I mistaken? Is this the City that just got rid of the
street sweepers or is that some other city that I was reading about in the
newspapers? Is this the county where the Downtown Streets Team does
not make the present minimum wage? I think it is. I believe you should, in
doing this Ordinance, take into account the expenses that the person has to
have. When that woman spoke, I was so angry, the one with the children.
We should have national health insurance for children, and it should have a
nutrition component. You should all fight for it too. You shouldn't just say,
"We've done our part. We've got Baskin and Robbins to raise the ice cream
scoopers a couple of dollars." The raging grannies pick on Walmart a lot
not only for the wages, but the health insurance. Health insurance is
coming up as a big compensation issue, because the United States has
gotten away with not furnishing health insurance in the Social Security,
which every other country does. They just take the money. If you do this,
I'm very sensitive about this, because for a period which has just finished I
lost my health insurance. My husband was a Federal employee, and the
health insurance for retirees was set up so that the surviving spouse would
get a certain amount of the worker's money, not health insurance per se
mind you. My husband set it up so that I would get enough to pay for the
health insurance. The health insurance, of course, went up a great deal
more than the cost of living. That's the case with all these people. They
                                                                         Page 27 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
