                           TRANSCRIPT
other cities that we might want to avoid, that are particularly problematic,
either from a legal or a policy standpoint.

Mr. Lait: If I can at least start the response to that question and maybe
answer it in a little bit of a different way than you've posed it. First of all let
me state that I don't know that the Council needs to go through the process
of trying to pick which of these communities are ones that you want to
model or draft something that would follow. It would be helpful to us if you
articulated what was important to you, and then we can spend the time to
draft that and consult with the other regulations that we see in other cities
for guidance. That might be more useful time that we can offer to the
Council. The way that these Ordinances typically work is you get a city that
drafts one, and then another city looks to what another city's done, and they
modify it. It goes through that process. San Francisco is frequently looked
at. It looks like there's a lot of consistency in the San Francisco model to
some of the other cities. That would be a place that we would look to. The
findings that they've articulated make sense in terms of evaluating whether
a formula retail use ought to be established. Again, we want to look at it
and make sure that we tailor it to our community's needs.

Mayor Holman: I have just three questions. I read earlier that there's an
exception process that Staff was recommending. I can't find it tonight. Am
I misremembering that?

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. An exception to which process?

Mayor Holman: An exception process for the retail, for an Ordinance that
would go forward. Am I misremembering that or did I misread it? I can't
find it tonight.

Ms. Gitelman: In our combining district, there is an exception for ground-
floor non-retail uses that preexisted, like earlier than 1984. Is that what
you're referring to?

Mayor Holman: I'll just drop it, if that's all you can come up with. I'm
misremembering that apparently or misread it. Conditional use permits run
with the land, I'm understanding, which is a new revelation to me, and not
with the tenant. If we're looking at conditional use permits for anything, can
we time limit them? How do we manage CUPs so that we don't end up with
a conditional use that's there in perpetuity? Do we need to look at some
other mechanism? What are the tools that we have at hand?

Ms. Silver: We'd have to take a closer look at that. There are a series of
cases that have looked at cities' abilities to time limit conditional use
permits.   The courts have said that that set of Ordinances are not
                                                                            Page 48 of 123
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/18/2015
