                         TRANSCRIPT
and showers, you'll have a place to put people. It won't be wasteful; it'll be
rather useful. In fact, you could use them for the people in the cars who are
homeless now. They would be nicely contained in one place and no problem
to anybody. It'd be a good use for the garages. I'd hold off on putting in
another garage. The same with the residence. We seem to have a tendency
for wanting to provide a residence for these important people. Let's do it.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Our final speaker under Consent
Calendar is Curt Weil, who will speak to Item Number 11.

Curt Weil, speaking to Agenda Item Number 11: Good evening. I speak to
you as the last Chair of the Palo Alto Airport Joint Community Relations
Commission, which became extinct at the time that the airport was taken
over by the City. I want to speak in favor of Item 11. It's been a positive
delight to see the changes to an airport that had been so neglected for so
long and to make ourselves available for the Federal Aviation Administration
money into which we have been paying for so long. I'd like to remind you
that Palo Alto has a long and notable history in aviation dating back to 1929
when the first licensed aviation training school was licensed at Stanford.
That's basically all I wanted to express, my support for passing this item.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I have lights from Council Member Burt and
Council Member Scharff. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Berman: I would like to move to remove Item Number 4
from Consent.

Mayor Holman: I'll second.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll also second it.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Holman, third
by Council Member Wolbach to pull Agenda Item Number 4- Approval of
Scope of Work and Evaluation Criteria … to be heard at a later date.

Mayor Holman: Item Number 4 has been pulled from Consent and will be
heard at a future date to be determined. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Is it within order to ask a question of the City
Manager regarding that?

Mayor Holman: As long as we don't get into discussion.



                                                                       Page 23 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
