                               MINUTES
Special Orders of the Day

2.    Selection of Applicants to Interview on April 15, 2015 for the Human
      Relations Commission, the Public Art Commission and the Utilities
      Advisory Commission.

Mayor Holman     noted   the   Council   had   ballots   for   each   Board   and
Commission.

MOTION:       Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to interview all candidates for the Human Relations Commission,
the Public Art Commission, and the Utilities Advisor Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1 Scharff no, DuBois, Kniss absent

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, announced the City recognized April 2 as
Everyone Matters Day which focused on respect and acceptance of everyone
without judgment.

Mayor Holman read the Everyone Matters Proclamation into the record.

Mr. Keene noted author Mike Lydon would appear at Mitchell Park Library on
April 7, 2015 to discuss his book, Tactical Urbanism. On April 1, 2015,
Governor Brown announced a mandatory statewide reduction of water usage
by 25 percent. Staff would draft implementation plans to reduce City and
community water use for Council approval. On May 3, 2015, the Council
would consider a Resolution implementing water use restrictions.

Council Member Wolbach asked if the water reduction amount for the City of
Palo Alto would be determined by the City's or Santa Clara County Water
District's or San Francisco Public Utilities' conservation efforts.

Mr. Keene suggested the City would not be considered as part of the Santa
Clara County Water District. The City had always been proactive in planning
for future possibilities, and that had served the community well. Staff would
present the Urban Forest Master Plan for Council action in the next few
months. In that discussion, the Council could revisit landscaping plans for
the City.

Oral Communications

Andy Poggio believed the City should not base water rationing on a
percentage reduction compared to historic consumption.    That method
rewarded people who wasted water and punished people who had conserved

04/06/2015                                                                117- 166
