                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: City Manager.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Rob and the team. Let me just sort of, from my
perspective on this. I think when the Staff began to work on this initiative
and invited a cross-section of community members to a meeting and asked
the Mayor to help kick that off, I was at that first meeting. It was sort of a
diffuse group of people and lots of wide-ranging interests and how to kind of
sort of strike a chord for a starting point for a policy directive on Healthy
Cities and Healthy Communities. As I was listening to Rob sort of talk about
it, just sort of work through this, in actuality we made a lot of progress. I
came to the conclusion when I was looking at this that even the Resolution
itself has a lot more detail to it in some cases than many of the other
comparative Resolutions. In some cases, it could look that we moved
beyond sort of value statements to implementation strategies or issues
which is why I felt it was really important that we look at referring this to a
Committee for more in-depth discussion just because even a lot of the verbs
that we actually used have a directive aspect to it, I think, that warrants. I
think it was well intentioned to try to be impactful, but I do think that this is
probably a challenge, as I re-reread it again here tonight, for the Council to
be in a—I mean, there's a lot there, is the issue. I would sort of put a
strong footnote on the fact that it goes to committee. I know, Council
Member Scharff, some of the questions were there could be fiscal
implications to some of these, how does that affect budget or the Finance
Committee, and those kinds of things. I think all of those are things that
you may want to comment on. I do think we want to acknowledge that we
recognize that—I think there was one other one of the items that got into
some degree of specificity, but not close to what ours are. The others were
a bit more general. With that, I'll turn it back over to the Council.

Mayor Holman: If I could take a moment here. Council Member Kniss, I'll
give you the same opportunity. I think one of Council Member Scharff's
questions was this didn't follow the normal course. I think, Rob, you've
described pretty clearly how and why it didn't follow the normal course of
going to Policy and Services first. It's like what would go to Policy and
Services. I had some discomfort with that, but at the same time I also felt
like the direction that we were following made a lot of sense. It gave
something to take to Policy and Services, to provide some kind of direction
and some kind of meat to talk about. A couple of other things is that you
said early on that this is aspirational. Maybe that ought to be more strongly
stated in the Resolution. It's aspirational; this isn't like a dictate that we're
going to do everyone of these things. At the same time, many of the things
that are in the Resolution, we already do. The other thing that we agreed as
                                                                          Page 61 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
