                           TRANSCRIPT
regulations. We'll be talking more in detail about those latter two Federal
laws. With respect to State laws with respect to access to right-of-ways, we
have restrictions on ability to regulate carriers' ability to locate on a right-of-
way. We also have restrictions on our ability to allow access to utility poles;
although, we do have some ability to limit access to light poles under State
law. Today we want to focus on the regulations that were promulgated in
connection with the Spectrum Act. The Spectrum Act was adopted in 2012.
It was a rider to the Middle Class Tax Relief Act. It had one sentence in the
rider which said that cities must approve a telecommunications request to
modify an existing wireless communications facility that does not
substantially alter the existing facility. However, there was no definition of
what an "existing facility" was and what "substantially alter" meant. There
was also no timelines for processing these types of applications. In 2014,
the FCC began its rulemaking process and published some regulations that
clarified the definitions that were contained in the Spectrum Act and also
contained some timelines for processing these requests. Those regulations
went into effect on April 19, 2015. Cities are now scrambling to put in place
ordinances that will be consistent with these regulations. The regulations
also imposed a strict 60-day period for a certain category of applications
which we will talk about. With respect to that category, the regulations
stated that if the cities do not process applications within that time period of
60 days, that the application will be deemed approved, which is a significant
departure from current law. What we have done is presented you with a
Municipal Code Ordinance that repeals the old wireless communications
facility that we have in our existing ordinance. It establishes a tiered
approach to these types of permits and facilities. It codifies the shot clock
rules for processing these types of applications, so that both Staff and the
public know the time periods that apply. I'll take you through the three
tiers. The first tier is what we've called the Spectrum Act permits. This is
the type of installation that the Spectrum Act wanted to facilitate and
encourage. It involves an existing facility that can be either a standalone
tower that houses a facility or it can be a building-mounted facility. If there
is a co-location which meets the definition of an "eligible facility," which is
defined in the Spectrum Act to accommodate a co-location which does not
substantially alter the existing facility. "Substantially altered" now is defined
in the regulations to mean more than 10 feet in height if it applies to a pole
in the right-of-way or 20 feet in height if the facility is located on private
property. If the co-location request is under that threshold, then we're
proposing that a Tier 1 permit apply and that that be handled through a
Director's review. This is the type of permit that, for the most part, is
encouraged by the City with our existing regulations. We like to have co-
locations. The location has already been vetted with the community, so
these are the types of things we think will be relatively ministerial in nature.
We're recommending a Director-level streamlined review. The next category
                                                                             Page 28 of 67
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 06/29/15
