                          TRANSCRIPT
tighter numbers on some of these, working with University California, (UC)
Berkeley and some others in the coming year.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. Even as estimates this was incredibly
informative, especially as we talk a lot about natural gas. Space heating and
water heating, I understood those were the two big drivers, but I didn't fully
comprehend the great majority of our natural gas usage. I didn't compute
the numbers, but it's 13 out of 15 percent. Quick math, that's 88 percent or
something like that. It's a huge amount.

Mr. Friend: Cooking, which is the thing that people often throw up as an
objection to electrification, is a very small piece of the puzzle. To be clear,
water heating is going to be easier to get at than space heating. Those two
together are the lion's share of that.

Council Member Berman: Is that because the technology for water heating
has improved or become more efficient? Why is that?

Mr. Friend: It's because of the availability of heat pump water heaters, that
was alluded to earlier. If you think about space heating, it involves a lot
having to do with the structure of a building.

Council Member Berman: Makes sense. On Page 15, going along with what
Council Member Burt was talking about in terms of the purpose of RECs as a
bridge, it looks like on this chart that as of today we're going to have to rely
on RECs again in about ten years.

Mr. Friend: No, you can read this differently. These are the large solar
purchases that we have in place. We're going to have to make additional
large solar purchases going forward. That's one conclusion to draw from
this. The other factor is that below the zero line is hydro. About 50 percent
of our portfolio is hydroelectric.     The strategy is premised on stable
hydroelectric supplies. That's the question we need to think about there.
What if those supplies are not stable, how does that affect the strategy
going forward or how do we prepare for that contingency?

Council Member Berman: It just tells us that, as we talked about in the
Study Session with the UAC, we need to stay proactive on identifying good
options and opportunities. One of the things that was brought up earlier
was landscaping and big lawns and are those a thing of the past to the
extent that everyone has them today. A couple of us got an email from a
frustrated resident who alluded to the lawn outside of the Rinconada Library,
which I haven't had a chance to drive by since I received the email so I
haven't looked at it recently myself. Have we done an analysis of all the
different kinds of aesthetic lawns that aren't used functionally as lawns on

04/20/2015                                                              117- 297
