                              TRANSCRIPT
recommendations in their letter, but they are all doable potentially within the
funding we have. It's a question of being able to reach the agreement.

Council Member Scharff: Then I'll move the Staff recommendation and add
in that we clarify that we want to move forward with—it's either Google or
AT&T; it's not just Google. Either Google or AT&T, and lay our fiber at the
same time. Have discussions ...

Council Member Kniss: Did you get a second?

Council Member DuBois: Second.

Mayor Holman: I think Liz was offering a second, were you not?

Council Member Kniss: I offered a second.

MOTION:          Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

A.         Approve Staff’s plans to pursue the following work concurrently:

     i.         Response to Council Motion on Municipal Fiber and Wireless:

                Staff has developed the Work Plan set forth below to address, by
                the third quarter of 2016, the Council’s September 28, 2015
                Motion (the “Council Motion”) requesting clarification and
                additional work in connection with the City’ Fiber to the Premises
                (“FTTP”) Master Plan and Wireless Network Plan; and

     ii.        Third Party Provider (Google Fiber, AT&T) Negotiations: Staff is
                continuing discussions and negotiations with third parties
                considering new service deployments in Palo Alto, including both
                Google Fiber (potential citywide FTTP network) and AT&T
                (GigaPower service), and is currently targeting the end of 2015
                through Q1, 2016 for Council consideration of necessary
                agreements and approvals; and

B.         Approve a temporary contract position for a Fiber and Wireless Senior
           Program Manager, dedicated to Fiber-to-the-Premises and wireless
           initiatives, in the amount of $228,000 annually, $684,000 for a period
           up to three (3) years; and

C.         Approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute
           amendments to two contracts with Columbia Telecommunications
           Corporation dba CTC Technology & Energy (“CTC”) as follows:

                                                                              Page 95 of 132
                                                                City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Transcript 11/30/15
