              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Regular Meeting
                                                             October 5, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
           Wolbach arrived at 6:28 P.M.
Absent:

Study Session

1.   Council Input for the Public Art Master Plan.
Mayor Holman: Our first item this evening on the agenda is a Study Session
looking for Council input on the Public Art Master Plan. We have Staff and a
consultant here. Welcome.

Elise DeMarzo: Thank you so much. My name is Elise DeMarzo. I'm the
Director of the Public Art Program. I am joined by Rhyena Halpern, who is
the Director of Arts and Sciences for the Community Services Department,
and our consultant, Barbara Goldstein. The Public Art Program has been
growing and professionalizing in recent years. With the passage of Percent
for Art in Private Development, there will be more opportunities since there
is more funding to do more public art programming throughout Palo Alto.
We felt this was the ideal time to take on a Public Art Master Plan and really
do that outreach to the community and find out what kinds of artwork do we
want to have in this community, what are the spaces that could be
identified, potential partnerships. We did a national search for public art
master planners and were fortunate enough to have the team of Barbara
Goldstein and Gail Goldman apply. It was the first time that they had
actually partnered to do it. Both of them are nationally known in the field of
public art. Barbara Goldstein until recently was the head of the public art
program in San Jose. She's also run the program in Seattle and has written
master plans for dozens of cities across the country. She also wrote the
book on public art. It's a handbook for public art administrators; it's called
Public Art by the Book. Gail Goldman, who unfortunately is unable to join us
this evening, is also nationally known in the field. She has run the programs
in San Diego and Colorado Council for the Arts. She has particular expertise
in public art and private development. They really are sort of the dream


                                                                     Page 1 of 107
