                         TRANSCRIPT
district" would be very foolish. I understand some concerns on California
Avenue, but if we're going to extend it, you want the actual ability of
restaurants to move off and provide that in the spur areas. I would delete
that part of it, if it was me. I would also add some language that goes along
the lines of "allow the Planning and Transportation Commission to look at
this and suggest a range possibly of number of restaurants that should be
allowed," so we have some analysis on this. Thirdly, I would like them to
come back to us with this weird parking thing we just learned about tonight,
that the 16 spaces for 1,000 square feet as opposed to the 250, and
understand how that's going to work.

Mayor Holman:      Council Member Scharff, that would be a different
Amendment.

Ms. Stump: To clarify, Madam Mayor. The way that your procedures read,
there's a Motion, an Amendment, and Amendment to an Amendment is
permissible. Further Amendment after that is not permissible until you
resolve the first two cycles of Amendment.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for the clarification. I do want to clarify that this
is recommendations to the Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) for
considerations. Again these are not final actions. These are considerations.
The P&TC can agree or differ.

Council Member Scharff: We want some information when they come back.

Council Member Wolbach: What I'll suggest, if Council Member Berman who
seconded my Motion is okay with it, is eliminating the second clause of the
"also." Here's a rephrasing: "consider eliminating restaurants on California
Avenue." If Council Member Berman is okay with that Amendment too.

Council Member Berman: Just saying "consider eliminating restaurants on
California Avenue"?

Council Member Wolbach:     Yeah, just consider eliminating restaurants on
California Avenue.

Council Member Berman: I'm fine with that.

Council Member Wolbach: That makes it simpler. That way it leaves
expansion of restaurants outside of California Avenue open and leaves open
for P&TC to consider whatever ranges they feel are appropriate.

Council Member Scharff: Maybe.


                                                                       Page 67 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
