                         TRANSCRIPT
person reviewing it also makes a judgment about whether the first person's
judgment was correct. The quality of minutes varies depending upon who's
doing them. The Planning Commission, in my history, used to have a
contractor who attended the meetings and was capable of spelling
everyone's name correctly, was capable of preparing verbatim minutes with
proper grammar and didn't leave blanks in the minutes when they said they
couldn't hear what something was. Who is doing it and how they're doing it,
whether they're listening to a tape of a meeting they never attended and
whether they're capable of doing it is going to make a difference. In terms
of the cost, I was trying to think of how much money, $20,000 or $25,000,
is. I believe it's less than the annual housing cost for one Assistant City
Manager, just to give a comparison of money. There was a time when the
previous City Manager got the Council, at least for Standing Committees, to
try and go to action minutes and said, "You'd have the videotape to look at."
He neglected to tell the Council that those videotapes were only kept for a
year and then were written over. It was only when someone from the public
went to the Media Center and explained that to them that the Media Center
started preserving the video record. We can't depend upon some other
organization to be keeping the City's records, because they're not the City's
records. They're the video records of the Media Center. Those are easier to
alter or destroy than people having their own copies of the verbatim or the
sense minutes. There were two types of sense minutes. I would guess it
was in the 1980s when Gloria Young was the Clerk that she was encouraged
to find some cost cutting. She decided that one way to do that would be
have sense minutes that were not as extensive as the previous sense
minutes. Some people tend to think that those minutes from the '80s were
verbatim minutes, because of how extensive they were compared to more
recent sense minutes. They were both sense minutes. Verbatim minutes
are the better ones.        Those of you who have been on the Planning
Commission or those who attend Commission meetings and follow issues
notice that it's possible to prepare verbatim minutes and for the
Commissioners to make a decision of whether or not those minutes are
accurate. It's better for the members of the legislative body who are here
when those meetings were held to make a judgment that they have accurate
minutes rather than having them produced 10 or 20 years later because
someone wants to look at an item and there's no way of knowing if it's
accurate or that's what occurred at the meeting. I would encourage you to
spend the money, which I don't think is a large amount compared to other
amounts. I understand what Council Member Kniss said about the difference
of the ability to read sense versus verbatim minutes, but that has a
qualification, that is, the quality of who is preparing those sense minutes in
the first place. Thank you.


                                                                        Page 58 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
