                             MINUTES
Study Session

1.    Joint Study Session with the Human Relations Commission on
      Accomplishments, Projects and Priorities in 2015.

Jill O’Nan, Human Relations Commission Chair, related the Human Relations
Commission's (HRC) Mission and areas of responsibilities.

Daryl Savage, Human Relations Commissioner, reported a subcommittee of
the HRC met quarterly with Chief Burns of the Palo Alto Police Department.
The Citizens Academy would return in the spring. Police Department staffing
had improved. The Police Department could institute a Juvenile Citizens
Academy for high school students. Daytime residential and automobile
burglaries had increased over the prior year. Four citizens filed complaints
against the Police Department in 2014, a few of which warranted an internal
investigation. Each patrol car was equipped with five cameras. Each police
officer could receive a body camera in 2015. The Police Department was
considering four locations for a new Public Safety Building.

Ms. O’Nan noted the HRC had a longstanding relationship with Project Safety
Net. In 2014, the Council allocated additional funds to the Human Services
Resource Allocation Process (HSRAP). With additional funding, the HRC
facilitated additional services for Palo Alto residents. The HRC reviewed the
second year of Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds,
conducted site visits to many HSRAP agencies, and hosted and moderated a
Senior Summit.

Council Member DuBois asked if the HRC planned to hold a second Senior
Summit.

Ms. O'Nan advised that the HRC received extremely positive feedback and
could make it an annual or biennial event. The HRC was also considering
developing a directory of senior services. The HRC attended the Annual
Regional Human Relations Breakfast. Several HRC Commissioners attended
the California Association of Human Relations Organizations Conference in
San Francisco. The HRC approved new appointments of mediators for the
Palo Alto Mediation Program (PAMP) and reviewed PAMP's annual report. In
2015, the HRC reviewed applications and would recommend agencies for
HSRAP funding.

The HRC was reviewing data regarding ways other communities funded
human services and would make recommendations to the Council.

Greer Stone, Human Relations Commissioner, began researching the issue of
homeless veterans in Santa Clara County. Santa Clara County had the

03/09/2015                                                             117- 57
