                         TRANSCRIPT
based on historic growth trends, what we know about how the region is
growing, the ABAG numbers, all the projects that we know are happening.
We're trying to forecast forward the changes in volumes over time. That is
different than looking backward at number of seconds of delay. I don't think
we should confuse the two of them. Your point about cumulative impacts ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Why did we vote two weeks ago the Dudek report
which used delay and said this is less than significant?

Ms. Gitelman: We do analyses of traffic impacts by looking at delay. The
original memo that you referred to originally is looking at volumes. We did
do an analysis of delay. We did the very same type of analysis that was
done for 2555 Park. This is an intersection that is severely congested. All of
us understand that. The question is whether this project or any one project
would make a contribution that is considered considerable to the traffic that
we project forward into the future that is going to continue to be
unacceptable to many of us who have to drive through the area. These are
all valid questions. We did the same type of analysis, the same questioning
on 2555 Park that we did for 441 Page Mill Road. I'd have to look at the
specifics in the document that you've been showing us to look at exactly
what the crosswalk is between the two.            We're not aware of any
consistencies.     These are very similar methodologies, very similar
conclusions.    Traffic is definitely bad.  The question is whether these
individual projects would make a considerable contribution such that it would
be considered a significant impact.

Vice Mayor Schmid: My concern is that each project we deal with, including
the 1 million square feet at Stanford, comes to the conclusion that this
project is not going to have a significant impact. Yet we approved 2555 on
Park Avenue. There are two other major Park Avenue projects. There's a
big Holbach project which has been approved, hasn't started yet. At some
point cumulative impacts do have an impact. The question is, is this one of
those cumulative impacts that are getting the public to say in the survey this
is an issue for us. This is declining. As a matter of fact, the transportation
agency, what is it, FTE? In their most recent volume on traffic said delay is
pretty tricky to measure, because you're measuring an intersection and
sometimes delay affects things behind it. The more accurate way they are
recommending these days is point to point. How much time does it take to
get from Point A to Point B at various hours of the day? I noticed they are
recommending that. Menlo Park, Alameda and some of the East Bay
counties are using that for their traffic analysis. Maybe we should try some
of that to get an accurate measurement of what our cumulative traffic
impact is.


                                                                      Page 124 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
