                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: There's a "C." These are the three alternatives, "A,"
"B," and "C."

Council Member Scharff:    Instead of saying "request Staff," why don't we
just say "evaluate"?

Council Member Burt: Sure. "D" is just about returning on all the above,
what you need on funding to do so. Does that sound better?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, are you good with all of that?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah. I just wanted to make sure that Staff, you
feel clear you understand what we're talking about.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to direct Staff to:

A.   Evaluate a hybrid alternative that would use portions of the Matadero
     Creek corridor that are usable; and

B.   Identify the most practical alternative on a collector street between
     Alma Street and West Bayshore Road; and

C.   Evaluate East Meadow Drive as a Class 4 bike lane or as close as
     possible to a Class 4 bike lane; and

D.   Request Staff return to Council with a Budget Amendment Ordinance
     to fund the additional studies that have been directed in the Motion.

Mayor Holman: Is Staff clear?

Mr. Mello: Yes. I'd just like to ask whether you'd like to continue using the
CAC that we formed as we move forward with these analyses?

Council Member Burt:      Yes, I think so.   Is that something we need to
consider separately?

Mayor Holman: I think, unless we state otherwise, it would be considered
that Staff would continue to use them. We're not disbanding it. If the
intention of the maker and the seconder is to continue use of the CAC, then
I think there needs to be no reference.

Council Member Scharff: It would be within the boundaries of the Motion?

Council Member Burt: Correct.


                                                                          Page 46 of 71
                                                           City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/9/15
