                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'm feeling generous tonight. Let me give Council
Member Scharff an opportunity.

Council Member Scharff: Through the Comprehensive Plan Update, we
explore giving neighborhoods the option to institute overlays that could
provide neighborhood protections.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach that through the Comprehensive Plan Update we explore giving
neighborhoods the option to institute overlays that would provide protections
and/or alternative neighborhood protections.

Council Member Kniss: Council Member Scharff, you might want to include
the alternative protections. I don't want to get in the weeds on this.
Knowing that other cities have explored in particular the single-story overlay
options. How you're going to get that in, I don't know.

Council Member Scharff: Don't we already have single-story overlays?

Mayor Holman: We do.

Council Member Scharff: It's important that we do this through the Comp
Plan process, after listening to Staff. I'm in support of that. I want to make
sure that the motion captures two things. One, through the Comp Plan
process we have a broad discussion of this. Second, we then provide that
it's options for neighborhoods to implement similar to a single-story overlay.
We already have the single-story overlay option in there. I wanted to ask
Council Member Kniss a question. What part did you think I was missing on
that?

Council Member Kniss: Where I think you're missing it is whatever we
meant by alternative neighborhood protections. Maybe that's the broad ...

Council Member Scharff:          Overlays   and/or   alternative   neighborhood
protections. Let's put that in there.

Council Member Wolbach: This is very important. I'm not sure if we should
tweak it a little bit.

Council Member Scharff: Before we tweak it, that "and/or alternative
neighborhood protections" goes earlier. "Options to institute overlays and/or
alternative neighborhood protections that would provide." That doesn't
make sense.

                                                                           Page 60 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/29/15
