                          TRANSCRIPT
vetting the efforts that are before you tonight. We've been talking about
green building initiatives. We've been talking Energy Code updates, leaving
no stone unturned on where we might improve in the area of green building,
water efficiency, deconstruction, energy efficiency, etc. We've been having
monthly meetings literally for over a year, talking in detail about all these
different topics, and there is quite a few. It's difficult to attain in one
meeting once a month, so in mid-part of last year we decided to have a
retreat. We went to a conference room in City Hall and met for an entire
day, had multiple facilitators as well as a visual facilitator to help discuss the
body of work that we had before us, prioritize them and identify where the
City fell in the leadership scale that we created ourselves. We polled the
group of members, stakeholders that were there, which led to the work that
is before you tonight. That day-long retreat, again, was in August of last
year. We've been hard at work doing the Cost Effectiveness Study and other
Ordinance measures to get before you tonight.                Continuing on that
background, let's see. Since the Green Building Advisory Group, we've met
two times since we met with Policy and Services back on the 10th of March.
We made two minor adjustments based on the recommendations that your
Committee provided us, which included some added language in terms of
infeasibility. In the event that a contractor cannot meet the letter of the
law, we have developed a system that we've worked through the City
Attorney's Office, how they might meet the intent of the Green Building and
Energy Efficiency Code if and when it is infeasible. We've developed that
criteria inside the Ordinance. Finally, based on the recommendations of
Policy and Services, we clarified all the Tier 1 and Tier 2 local amendments.
The Green Building Code is a standard edition, then a Tier 1 and a Tier 2.
The Tier 1 and Tier 2 were reviewed item by item to ensure there weren't
any internal conflicts as well as weren't any conflicts with our existing green
building enforcement as we hold today. Staff has drafted before you tonight
and in your Packet the report as well as various attachments. The first is
the Energy Ordinance. You'll find the Green Building Ordinance. The
supporting documentation to those is the Energy Cost Effectiveness Study
prepared by TRC. Finally in response to Policy and Services, we did a
laundry to landscape valve cost estimate, just to give you a sense of how
much it costs to put one of these diverter valves in. We'll get into that in a
few minutes in the presentation.         Recent leadership awards that the
Development Services Department in cooperation with other departments
have been able to receive that really speak to this work and the effort that
we've been able to achieve is first and foremost the award for sustainability
provided to us by Acterra, the Business Environmental Award. Phil Bobel
had mentioned this in a City Manager conference some weeks back. We're
very proud to have received that award in cooperation with the various other
departments in the City. Green building was a part of that. We recently
were awarded the ISO (International Organization for Standardization) Class

04/20/2015                                                                117- 326
