                          TRANSCRIPT
This is an interesting question since you have the condition on here. What
are you thinking?

Mr. Lait: I'll take an initial cut at the question. In terms of any specific
targets, I don't know that we have a percentage in mind. We do recognize
that the building is located in a very pedestrian-oriented area. There is
some bicycle lockers that are required, and input would be put on the site
and the proximity to the Caltrain Rail Station. We saw this as an opportunity
to incorporate some TDM Program.

Council Member Scharff: What would those be? We've obviously been
talking a lot about TDM. I'm expecting a little more than what you're saying.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. The most common
element of an effective TDM Program that we see is transit passes, like the
GoPass or the EcoPass, that can encourage employees and residents to take
advantage of the transit that's already available in the vicinity. I did want to
also add I know it's been said several times, at least several times this
evening, that the project is under-parked. The project actually complies
with our Code.        I don't think we could impose additional parking
requirements on it. It meets every standard that we have in terms of its
parking compliance.      We saw the imposition of a TDM as an added
requirement in the hopes that any way we could encourage people to rely on
transit, pedestrian, bicycling and walking, we'd like to do that.

Council Member Scharff: Not to belabor the point a little bit. Yes, I agree
the project has completely complied with all the parking requirements under
our Code. I don't disagree with that. In fact, it was pretty clear to me that
if we told the Applicant they could only build the existing square footage plus
5,000 square feet, they could build a building with no parking whatsoever,
because they have 5,000 of TDRs which they're absolutely entitled to under
all circumstances. I can tell it. The question becomes how are we going to
ensure that there is no spillover parking. What I wanted to hear was there's
no parking in the neighborhoods, there's no spillover parking, that this
doesn't make the parking situation in Downtown worse. I'm trying to get a
sense of what kind of teeth you can put in this. Can you say, for instance,
that you will have a 25 percent reduction or a 30 percent reduction? Clearly
when SurveyMonkey did their survey and it was Palantir and I forget the
third company in the SurveyMonkey building, I think it was 67 percent
utilized the garage. I'm just trying to get a sense from you if I should have
some comfort level that no, there's not going to be a stream of cars parking
in the neighborhoods and this building will in fact be fully parked or the fact
that you think the TDM Program won't achieve it. Can you say there will be
fines, for instance, if you don't meet certain targets? Are we going to have a

                                                                        Page 53 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
