                          TRANSCRIPT
separated bikeway along a parallel street. Our goal here would be to work
with the County to preserve that funding, if possible, and use it for an on-
street facility that meets the recreational goals of the program. That may
not be possible given the priorities that the County have established for this.
Our goal would be to design something and develop something that would
meet those goals of the original grant.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.      Sarah, I did you disservice earlier.    I
acknowledged Josh because I knew this was his second meeting in front of
Council. While you've been on the Staff longer, you haven't been in front of
Council very often. I didn't properly greet you, so apologies.

Ms. Syed: No problem.

Mayor Homan: Thank you for the presentation. We have two speakers who
would like to address the Council. The first speaker is Mike Nolan, to be
followed by Julie Nolan. You'll each have three minutes.

Mike Nolan: Hello, and thanks for the time. My name is Mike Nolan. I'm a
long-term Midtown resident. I happen to live along the alignment of
Matadero Creek.       I want to thank the current City Staff for these
recommendations that they've put up and for the, I guess, diligence that
they've done to assess the situation pretty well. I would favor either—I
think it was Number 2 or Number 3, either to discontinue the feasibility
altogether or to look for alternatives other than along the creek. I guess my
main reason for being here is that I think there's an opportunity to learn
something from this whole process. This thing's been going on for years. It
started with the Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan. Frankly, the Matadero Creek
Trail was severely misrepresented in that plan.               I think it was
misrepresented by the City Staff and by the consultants as this continuous
Class 1 bike trail along the creek. You saw the pictures; it's not a creek and
it's not continuous. There's five segments, and there's no way it can be a
Class 1 trail. This whole misrepresentation started this ship down the road
that's taken, I think, four or five years to kind of come to where the Staff
has gotten us today. My thought is that when things like this are proposed,
the Staff and the Council should look at it closely. Anybody going on the
ground could have spent probably a day to see that it wasn't continuous,
that there's actually a house that blocks the passage of the creek trail, that
you can't get from Alma Street to Middlefield road without buying this house.
Very simple sorts of things that could have been looked at and would have
saved perhaps hundreds of thousands of dollars and many, many hours of
grief on the Midtown residents' situation, the City Staff, the Council. My
comment, I guess, is when people propose these things, just spend a little
bit of time to look at them carefully before you start this ship down the river

                                                                            Page 26 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
