                          TRANSCRIPT
direction that some of the others wanted, probably not as far as opponents.
Trying to do this involved horse trade tonight over the outcome of the Fry's
plan goes back to the point I'm making. We don't know what that's going to
be. We can address that when we come to it.

Council Member Filseth: How are we going to resolve this?

Council Member Burt:      I'm supporting your motion.    Let's see whether
anybody else does.

Mayor Holman: The motion is to use the precise boundaries as outlined in
the potential office/R&D cap boundaries as proposed by Staff, and the
development cap will not apply to office space approved as part of a
coordinated area plan or a specific plan with the exception of the South of
Forest Area plan and Staff will return with information pertaining to the
impacts of excluding SOFA II. Any coordinated area plan which allows
office/R&D space, the 50,000 square foot development cap will be reduced
by that amount. Vote on the board please. That also fails on a 4-4.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-4 Berman, Scharff, Holman, Kniss no,
DuBois not participating

Council Member Burt: I have a motion.

Council Member Kniss: How about continuing this?

Mayor Holman: I was going to refer this to Planning and Transportation
Commission which is what the Director wanted to do.

Council Member Burt: I thought the prior motion to continue was for
everything. I would move that we vote on everything except this aspect.

Mayor Holman: I asked earlier if anything needed to be reconsidered except
for what didn't pass with a large majority before. No one said we needed to
vote on anything else.

Council Member Burt: You think it's already been voted on.

Mayor Holman: Yes. All we needed to consider was this first piece. I will
move that we refer the boundaries of the office/R&D cap to Planning and
Transportation Commission. Looking for a second.

Council Member Scharff:    I want to know if it's coming back to us or is it
(crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Of course, it will.
                                                                    Page 106 of 145
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/15/15
