                          TRANSCRIPT
effective solar, local storage and so forth. Utility bonds will under-perform
the market is the prediction of one of these financial institutions. One of the
reasons for this is a phenomenon called grid defection. We're seeing a
threshold approaching soon where the combined price of local solar and local
storage could be competitive with grid-provided power.                In many
jurisdictions, we're seeing people wanting to get off the grid to become their
own utilities. In other parts of the country, investor-owned utilities are
fighting this trend. Here in Palo Alto with the municipal utility, we have the
opportunity to think about how we use that trend and lead it and contribute
to it in a way that is healthy for our utility, but that's going to be a big
challenge to think through. There are big trends that are driving this. This
is a projected cost curve of electric vehicles with a 200-mile range. I could
show you similar curves for the cost of photovoltaics, battery-powered
autonomous vehicles, sensor technology. Exponential rates of change in a
half dozen key technologies that will shift the fundamental economics of this
industry potentially. Certainly something we need to consider as part of our
planning. This is the State of California's forecast on solar forecasts as
another example. All these curves have this kind of shape. These raise big
questions that we would do well to start considering before we have to
consider them, so that we can chart our own destiny rather than react to
events or shocks that hit us. Many of these issues affect some of the
concerns you expressed before about reliability. The impact of micro-grids,
for example, on grid stability is something to consider. Fundamentally we
need to look at what is the business model of a utility company in this kind
of possible future. Do we continue to buy, broker and distribute energy as
we've been doing? Do we deliver efficiency services as a commodity that we
sell? Do we sell and manage distributed generation and storage? That
doesn't cannibalize our business, but becomes part of our business. Do we
sell management, service, financing and data? It's an open question to
think about how do we reposition this organization in what may be a
dramatically changing business environment in this industry. Let me zoom
out for the last couple of minutes here. These are big questions. They are
challenging ones. They're things that many people think are impossible, but
we know that barriers can fall. When Roger Bannister broke the four-minute
mile in 1954, the record had stayed steady for nine years at four minutes
and 13 seconds. Once he broke that record in '54, within six months
somebody else broke it and broke it at 3:57. Within 18 months, four other
people broke it in the same race. Once barriers fall, they sometimes fall
very quickly. Let me step back another step and come back to the question
we've talked about before of why sustainability matters. At a very direct
level, this is a matter of mitigating our risks. We're facing risks around
climate, drought and business disruption. We need to build resilience, the
ability of the City to withstand shocks and stress that may come at us from
these and other factors. There are rewards here in terms of quality of life,

04/20/2015                                                             117- 287
