                             MINUTES
MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman that the City Council finds that the Stevenson House property at 455
E. Charleston Road will be in compliance with its existing zoning under the
proposed financing and ownership structure described in the Staff Report.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Kniss absent

12.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept the Fiscal Year 2016 to
      2025 General Fund Long Range Financial Forecast.

James Keene, City Manager, noted an At-Places memorandum corrected two
of the expenditure tables in the General Fund Long Range Financial Forecast
(LRFF). Inadvertently employees' paid leave and assumed vacancy savings
were categorized as a benefit rather than a salary expense.

Walter Rossmann, Office of Management and Budget Director, reported the
release of the LRFF marked the beginning of the Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
Budget process. Ideally, each year the City would afford its current service
level and generate a slight ongoing surplus. For FY 2016, Staff projected a
slight surplus of $0.5 million. For FY 2017, primarily due to a reduction of
the Utility Users Tax revenue estimates related to the ongoing drought, the
model predicted a slight shortfall.     Thereafter, Staff projected annual
surpluses between $1 million and $3.4 million. As part of the annual Budget
process, the City spent the surplus in response to new service needs. New
service needs had ongoing Budget impacts.

Over the next ten years, the City should continue a prudent approach to
budgeting while addressing the important needs of the organization. The
City was currently in labor negotiations with two Public Safety Unions and
the Utility Management Union. The contract for the Service Employees
International Union (SEIU), would expire in December 2015. The outcome
of negotiations could affect the long-term financial outlook. Staff was
negotiating a contract with Stanford University to provide fire services for
Stanford land as the existing contract was scheduled to end in early October
2015. The Council approved the Infrastructure Funding Plan in June 2014 in
the amount of $126 million with a funding gap of $7.5 million. The LRFF
assumed as part of the FY 2016 Budget the entire gap would be closed. No
funds had been set aside for potential higher costs of land acquisition and
construction. The last valuation of the City's pension and retiree healthcare
plans identified total unfunded liabilities of $439 million. Staff recommended
the Council refer a discussion of unfunded liabilities to the Finance
Committee and direct Staff to provide potential strategies to address
unfunded liabilities. During the forecast period, non-tax revenues steadily
03/09/2015                                                             117- 79
