                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: In response to Council Member Wolbach's request for
an alternative, I would modify the original motion by saying anything in
2013 or '14 that was applied for in 2013 or '14 and for which the application
is complete. No second?

Mayor Holman: I don't think it's any ...

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to add to the Motion, “which the application is complete” after “or 2014.”

Council Member Burt: I also have a question of City Attorney. If we make a
distinction based upon the date of application, is that acceptable legally as
opposed to where it is in our approval cycle?

Ms. Silver: As long as you provide the vested rights, that's the building
permit projects, as long as you exempt.

Council Member Burt:      This accedes vested rights and, therefore, it's
discretionary. Is that what you're saying?

Ms. Silver: I think so. We would have to take a second look at it, but that
would be my off-the-cuff answer.

Council Member Burt: I don't see anybody seconding my amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burt: If not, then I don't think we're getting anywhere
tonight. I'm not going to support this motion. I would say we're going to
have to defer it.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to offer a substitute motion which is to exempt
projects in the pipeline that have received project approval by July 1 or the
effective date of the ordinance.

Council Member Filseth: I'll second that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth seconds that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:           Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to exempt projects in the pipeline that received project
approval by July 1, 2015 or the effective date of the Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second it. That makes some sense.



                                                                      Page 92 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
