                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I promised ...

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you. Good evening, good night. Shani Kleinhaus
with Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, but also speaking for the Sierra
Club. Mike Ferreira asked me to speak on their behalf on the same issue of
the advisory committee. I gave you a little study that we did to look at what
Staff proposed to be the composition of this committee. There is a lot of
really good stuff there. It's really important to have all these stakeholders.
As always, you can guess what I'm missing in here. Right? It delegates
nature and environment to the three representatives of neighborhoods that
may or may not be involved in conservation. The piece of paper that I gave
you shows that the Natural and Urban Environment and Safety Element,
which is composed of four State mandatory components, doesn't have
anyone representing it on this proposed committee. This seems like their
counting was wrong, because it says 18 members, but there's only 17. The
fact that nature is important to this community comes out even now in Our
Palo Alto. We have a question of what is the one aspect that defines the
Palo Alto community character for you. In the cloud of words, the biggest is
Palo Alto and community. Next thing is Baylands, Foothill Nature Center and
live and residents and people. It's about people and nature both. I want to
be on this committee for nature. If you want to give me that 18th spot right
away, I'm here. This really needs to be studied, because there is a lot of
good, important things in here.         Land use and community design,
community services, facilities and business and economy and housing are
completely dominant. There is almost nothing else about open space,
conservation, safety, noise.       These to me are important.          They're
mandatory. I don't see how the committee can move forward without
having these represented very well and in balance. Thank you.

Doria Summa: Thank you again, Mayor and Council. I'll be very, very brief.
I wanted to let you know that I appreciate all the work that went into this.
I'm on the Comp Plan Leadership Group, so I know how hard Staff has
worked on every aspect of this. The balance of the membership composition
is, maybe you want to take a look at it. To me it seemed like there's, of the
17, 6 are housing people. Maybe there's room for some change in the
composition. Thank you.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, could I respond to the comments we received
or just clarify?

Mayor Holman: Of course you can.

Ms. Gitelman: We tried to articulate in the memo what areas of expertise
we would be looking for, but we didn't specify how many members of this

                                                                       Page 104 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
