                          TRANSCRIPT
to provide services so that they can get back on their feet. It is not that the
City must provide homeless services itself, but that it must strive to ensure
that these services do exist and do continue to exist. One way to do this
would be the pay for services method that was discussed at last week's
Homeless Veterans Summit where services are only paid for when the
objectives have been achieved. It was very good to see Mayor Holman,
Council Member Berman and Council Member Wolbach at this Summit, and
to hear our Mayor commit to the nationwide effort to eradicate veterans
homelessness. Services that our City provides, such as those provided at
the Opportunity Center, are one way to help achieve this goal, and they
can't be taken for granted. I really ask you, please do add a specific and
explicit reference in the Plan, in C-1 I think it is, to the need for these
services. Add that to the plan. In addition, I'm really in strong agreement
with those tonight who are asking for more emphasis on housing. That's my
main issue. It was pointed out Friday at the Veterans Summit that 249 of
the veterans who received housing vouchers from the VA could not use
them, because no housing was available for them anywhere. The shortage
of housing stock is severely crippling our local community. Of course, it's
not Palo Alto's problem in isolation, but we can take a leadership role in the
region in trying to solve it. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Stephanie Munoz to be followed by
DeAnn Warren.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. All I
can say is I'm in complete agreement with every single word that every
single speaker has spoken. May I summarize for you? We need more
housing. The Council has to be more proactive in seeing to it that we have
housing. We need more diversity of housing. I have a few suggestions. I'd
like to suggest that—I'm going to ask if I can get up at 8:00 in the morning
to see Senator Hill—everyone who applies for housing, either Section 8
housing or some other kind of subsidized housing, also tell whether he or
she can live without a car or would like to live without a car or is indeed
without a car to begin with. I think that might add a new classification to
the people who could be housed. Second, I think you need to sit down and
think of all the possibilities and all the available land that there is. First of
all, there's the government. I heard a couple of weeks ago at a public
gathering, someone who had spoken with the Mayor of Heidelberg, a town
well known for being the wedding of one of our Council Members, I believe.
This Mayor of Heidelberg said they don't have any homeless because they
built all this housing and the people go into it and they pay for it just the
way they'd pay for any other housing. I thought we could do that. Where
did they build it? They built it on an used army base. Guess what? We
have two unused army bases right next to us. We have Onizuka and we
                                                                         Page 40 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
