                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I don't see any other—Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I want to start by saying I'm a big fan of the PTC. I
think the verbatim Minutes are must reading before every Council that has
them. I find them enlightening and not looking for answers, but ideas,
challenges to Staff, things that might be missing, questions I might have.
Having gone through the process, you make it much easier for a Council
Member to say, "Three of my four questions have been asked. Here's the
responses." Either I can go deeper in it or I can concentrate on the one that
wasn't there. It's a very valuable input and always has been through my
seven years on the Council. There is, though, one aspect that I would note
that is important. When you look at the verbatim Minutes, you end up with
a result. The result might be 6-0 with one abstention. As a matter of fact,
that's what we have tonight when we get to our single-story overlay. The
flow of the meeting was very interesting. It started out by two or three
people saying, "This is easy. This is very straightforward. What could we
disagree with?" As the conversation went on, ideas came up that maybe
there are some things we should be looking at. The result was just a
statement that the vote on the motion to exclude Amarillo and Greer was 6-
0 with one abstention. There was no minority opinion stated. There was no
clear majority opinion except the fact that some of those people with two
stories had a vote and they shouldn't have, so let's exclude them. You take
out a voter for some reason. Then you said, "The smaller tracts weren't
quite as high in support as the others. They're going to be the big losers, so
let's protect them." The discussion went on to talk of right and long-term
value of property. This was presented to a Council Member who's sensitive
to the voters. When you set up the rules for voting, you've got to respect
every single voter. You can disagree with them and explain why but it's
hard, especially for a Council Member, to override a 70 percent majority
which is the rule for passage. It was well over 72. I look for clear
statements at the end of the meeting, a vote where you can express your
opinion. It's not important to have a unanimous outcome, but if you
disagree with something, to so state it. If you're in agreement with
something, it would be helpful to say, "Here are the two or three reasons
why I think I'm voting for this, I'm supporting it." A reference back to
something in the Staff Report or something that you came up with yourself.
Those clear messages at the end, it's not just the process of getting there,
but it's the clear messages to the Council, a Council who is sensitive to
voters and wants to be responsive to the public. My recommendation is just
make sure when you come to a conclusion and have a vote, you don't just
take the vote. If there's a dissent or something particular you found
important, to so state it.


                                                                          Page 48 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
