                          TRANSCRIPT
thing to put on your calendars. Thursday, October 8th, from 5:00 to 9:00
p.m., experience Downtown anew during the Meet the Street event, an
opportunity to connect with local merchants and enjoy an evening of food,
fashion, music and more. The action will take place on Ramona, Emerson,
Waverley and Bryant—we'll be closing the streets there—and will include
food tastings, live bands, fashion shows, music in the streets and a whole lot
more. For a listing of all the activities and business participating in the first
ever Meet the Street, go to cityofpaloalto.org/meetthestreet. I know we
have a lot of tough, big issues on us. I know sometimes people raise some
questions about the This is Happiness map project, about do we really have
time for happiness in Palo Alto. It looks like lots of darn good reasons to,
just over the next week. Finally, we'll have a detailed report coming to
Council and ultimately the public in response to concerns Council Members
and other members of the public, Catherine Martineau and others have
raised about the condition of street trees and watering in the City. Our Staff
has been working in response to those concerns about a plan for an
immediate response, not holding off until later as we were talking about it.
We'll be working on a news release, lots of different information and
workshops and ways to identify troubled and problem trees and have a plan
for response. Look for that coming from our communications Staff this
week. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. I'm sure many members of the public
and Council as well will be looking forward to and appreciate that last
comment especially. I should have reminded you, until I forgot myself. You
mentioned the award that the Mitchell Park Library has received. We also
have an award coming to the Rinconada Library. Did you want to mention
that?

Mr. Keene: We have a California Preservation Society Foundation Award for
the rebuilding of the Rinconada Library. I guess I didn't mention this before.
There were sixteen awards given out across the entire state. Palo Alto, 1 of
484 cities, got three of those awards. One for Rinconada Library, one for
the Sea Scout Building and—help me with the other one, Mayor.

Mayor Holman: The Eichler office at (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: That's right. The Eichler office redo down at Embarcadero, 101
Embarcadero. Great, 3 out of 16 in a city of 66,000 people. Pretty
compelling.

Mayor Holman: Not bad. Thank you very much for that and for all of your
comments. We now move to Oral Communications.

Oral Communications
                                                                         Page 30 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
