                          TRANSCRIPT
the degree to which it is essentially apparent massing. That's kind of what
we try and do with designs.

Mr. Ross: Great point. The orange box that you saw in the zoning envelope
represents a 50-foot high rectangular cube. That's the worst case scenario
as if we built right up to the 50 feet. During the design phase, we will
actually look at the floor-to-floor heights that optimize the structure and
things like that. Maybe we can compress it somewhat.

Council Member Burt: What floor-to-floor height—I mean, from ground level
to the roof height, not the parapet, what's that height?

Mr. Ross: We've been using 14 to 15 feet floor-to-floor heights, because
you have structure underneath them.

Council Member Burt: You've got 42 to 45 feet. The way we traditionally
talk about this, we're talking 42 to 45. Good, that's much better. That
helps. A comment, and I'd be interested in whether others feel the same
way. I don't want to see kind of an unutilized plaza that is the benefit. I'd
like to see an active, little mini park. I don't know how many of you know,
on Laurel Street in San Carlos, it could really be a great asset to the Cal.
Ave. area. Just before we get too far on that design. Finally on the funding,
I missed last week's infrastructure Study Session, but I read it thoroughly.
It appears that we have certainly now and projected forward, even not
counting any future additional hotels, significantly more TOT revenue. That
should cover this difference and more between what had been our budget
and what is likely to be the numbers. Whether it covers all the other
infrastructure projects, we'll see. Am I off-base there?

Mr. Keene: I think that's generally true. I still don't think that we would shy
away from value engineering where we can within the design parameters.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry, just briefly. There was a question earlier
about how high is 385 Sherman. I looked it up, and it appears to be 42 feet
8 inches. I had a question for Staff actually. If you could squint all the way
up here. Over on this side is California Avenue. Do you know offhand what
the height limit for buildings on California Avenue is? Does anybody know?

Council Member Kniss: It's the same.

Council Member Filseth: Is it 50 feet on California Avenue?

Council Member Scharff: I think it's 35.

                                                                       Page 96 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
