                          TRANSCRIPT
value of the property, just the raw land, because there's only one building
that's owned by the Jissers and that's a very small, rather crummy building.
When we talk about land value, it would be somewhere between $20 and
$25 million. Supposedly Buena Vista has some facilities problems, and you'd
have to spend perhaps $5-$10 million upgrading the quality of the utilities
and other facilities on the site. That could be a justification for reducing the
offer to the Jissers. I would suggest that you approve up to an additional
$6.5 million from the existing funding that you have for affordable housing,
transfer it from new construction only to preserving existing affordable
housing, and start negotiating with the Jissers, looking at a price range of
between $20 and $25 million. If you can negotiate and get an agreement in
that range, especially at the low end, there'd be enough additional money to
do the upgrades on the equipment and facilities needed for the location.
Please move fast on this.

Larry Klein: Good evening, Madam Mayor and Members of the City Council.
Three weeks ago you received a letter signed by nearly all of the former
living City Council Members. None of them oppose it. All of us that joined in
signing that strongly support the preservation of Buena Vista. I think I can
speak for them since I either spoke or emailed to virtually half of the signers
of that letter.      We respectfully urge you to approve the Staff's
recommendation and make available $14.5 million for the purchase of Buena
Vista. Let me quickly list three reasons why you should. One, it's strange to
say in this high real estate value City but Buena Vista would be a bargain.
801 Alma is the last affordable housing project created in Palo Alto. The
units there ended up a combination of construction costs and land
acquisition at $600,000 per unit. Some of that land was acquired nearly ten
years ago. Construction contracts were entered into, let's say, five or six
years ago. It's fair to say that as the economy's come back there's been a
significant increase, in that $600,000 per unit probably today would be at
least $700,000 per unit; I'm being conservative. If you take 117 units, the
number of units presently at Buena Vista, and multiply by $700,000, you
come out just shy of $82 million. Any of the numbers that we've been
talking about in terms of acquisition of Buena Vista plus needed upgrades in
the infrastructure would come out way less than $82 million. This is, in my
view and my colleagues who are former Council Members, a bargain for the
City and its use of the affordable housing funds we have. That leads me to
the second one, which is the funds we're talking about. Both the City's
funds and the County's are earmarked only for the use of affordable
housing. That's been mentioned already, but I want to reemphasize that.
This money could not be used for other purposes. Lastly, I want to talk
about the human element. I voted, and many of you have voted over the
years, for affordable housing projects. Those were abstract; we didn't know
who the people were going to be, because we were going to be building
                                                                          Page 17 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
