                            MINUTES
NEGOTIATORS, CALIFORNIA GOVERNMENT CODE SECTION 54956.8 to a
date unknown.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, announced Electric Utility Technicians discussed
the danger of live electric wires with fourth graders at Fairmeadow
Elementary School. The Utilities Department was going to send reminders
and tips to the community about repairing water leaks as part of “Fix a Leak
Week.”

Council Member Kniss read the Proclamation thanking Ray Bacchetti, Human
Relations Commission, Commissioner for his service to the City and the
community.

Vice Mayor Schmid remarked that Mr. Bacchetti was an ideal citizen and
brought a wealth of experience and knowledge to the City.

Council Member Berman served with Mr. Bacchetti on the Infrastructure Blue
Ribbon Commission, which was just one of the many services Mr. Bacchetti
performed for the City. Mr. Bacchetti was an incredible role model.

Council Member Burt commented         that   Mr. Bacchetti   was   a   tireless
contributor to the community.

Dennis Burns, Police Chief, indicated the Proclamation well summarized and
recognized Mr. Bacchetti's service. Mr. Bacchetti was a volunteer with the
Police Department.

Oral Communications

William Conlon stated the alarming number of recent youth suicides
demanded the attention of the Council and all citizens of Palo Alto. He was
shocked to learn that a majority of students were sleep deprived and he
suggested that sleep deprivation could be a common factor in the suicide
epidemic. The Council needed to alert all parents of the vital importance of
adequate sleep and to implement measures to assess the quantity and
quality of sleep.

Eamonn Gormley, Transform, related the supply and demand theory of
economics to roads and traffic congestion.

Jeff Hoel was registering for the Comprehensive Plan Summit when he
decided to read the Terms of Service, Privacy Agreement, and Cookies

03/16/2015                                                              117- 89
