                         TRANSCRIPT
species or native tree species, also greater development of Goal Number
five, and options for changing the vision statement.

Council Member Scharff: How about if they came back with a Study Session?
I'd rather be able to give direction than have them come up with a ...

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with that. That's okay.

Council Member Kniss: I would suggest that it doesn't have—that's just six
months. This is a long term. I would say within a year come back.

Council Member Wolbach: Would you guys say "with Staff to return to
Council for a Study Session within six months"?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, why a Study Session? We cannot
give direction in a Study Session.

Council Member Scharff: We tend to do Study Sessions and Staff tends to
get enough out of that. That's the way we typically do it. We typically do it
with a Study Session.

Mr. Keene: You don't have to over design it right now. The idea is we're
having an intermediate session with the Council along the way. I'm sure
that this is going to be an involved enough process. If you don't like the
effectiveness of the Study Session, you can direct us to accelerate our
schedule or whatever it is.

Mayor Holman: Right now the Amendment says to direct Staff to return
with a Study Session within six months, but it doesn't have any meat on it.

Council Member Scharff: I didn't mean to get rid of those things we talked
about.

Mayor Holman: I didn't think you did.

Council Member Scharff: Should include but not be limited.

Council Member Wolbach: …Study Session to discuss, and then all the other
things.

Council Member Scharff: You should just say "include but not be limited to,"
if Staff has other things they want to bring up.

Council Member Wolbach: To discuss issues such as ... There was one I did
forget to include. Of issues to discuss further is ...


                                                                        Page 86 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
