                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Which page is this?

Mayor Holman: It's ordinance page 21, Section 14. It's 21 to page—to the
end of page 27. One thing I neglected on the prior was there was a typo
that I think Staff was aware of. On the bottom of page 20, the "1" becomes
a "i" in the very last paragraph. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to be clear again. With the changes
you guys proposed here, it's basically building envelope would not change.

Mr. Lait: What page are you on?

Council Member DuBois: On the presentation—I can't find it right now.
There was new language shown tonight that wasn't in the written ordinance
about business envelope.

Mayor Holman: Building envelope, that is on ordinance page number 25.
It's "2c," third line down, building envelope shall mean the three-
dimensional shape and space occupied by an existing building. That was the
change proposed by Staff.

Council Member DuBois: With that change under "F" on that page, the
Director could approve a minor change to a building envelope. Is that
correct? For minor aesthetic improvements.

Mr. Lait: New Subsection F on page 25 of the ordinance, middle of the page.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. Lait: The Director would be able to approve through the architectural
review permit—that would be either through a minor permit that we process
at the counter or a major permit that goes to the ARB—minor changes to
that building envelope to improve pedestrian orientation and the aesthetics,
but it cannot result in any increase in any nonconforming feature.

Council Member DuBois: I was trying to—like, when would that apply? I
was trying to understand what that means. You have this volume—we've
changed it that way from volume so you actually have a three-dimensional
shape and space. How could you change it?

Mr. Lait: I guess where it's come up in a couple of different cases with
people—like, Downtown for instance, you've got a building that's over
height, maybe over FAR.      They want to change the approach to the
entrance. They just want to make some changes to it. Some of those
changes may result in moving some walls around or changing the building
volume sort of at that base level, but it does not result in any increase in
                                                                     Page 85 of 110
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript 12/7/15
