                         TRANSCRIPT
Happy holidays. Though my presentation will be brief, the study that we
have just completed is very detailed. I'll give you a short overview of the
presentation. The site evaluation process began with a program verification
study where we re-verified the program, resulting in a 45,454 square foot
Public Safety Building that we were testing these sites to accommodate as
well as 194 dedicated parking spaces for the Public Safety Building. The two
sites are Lot C-6 and C-7. They're located just north of the Courthouse site
and south of California Avenue, bounded by Park and Sherman with Birch
and Ash perpendicular to the two sites. C-6 is the site for the Public Safety
Building; C-7 is the site for the proposed new public parking garage. The
site analysis was very comprehensive.         We started with site security
setbacks as well as height, FAR coverage, zoning, Development Code,
community compatibility and other aspects and views that were important to
the neighborhood and the community as well as to the public safety
providers. This is the zoning envelope. The orange box within the zoning
envelope represents a three-story Public Safety Building. It substantially
complies with all the Zoning and Development Codes for this lot. We studied
two options. Option 1 is three stories with two basement levels. The lowest
image is Level 1. This is the three-story scheme which is Option 1. It's 50
feet tall. It is very compact. You can see Levels 2 and 3 stacked above it.
What's interesting and unique about this concept is that it also has an
exterior parking area that's along Park. You can see that visitor parking is
facing Sherman. In terms of future flexibility, the Option 1 scheme allows
for the future onsite expansion; whereas, when we go into Option 2, which is
a two-story scheme that covers virtually all of the site, there is very little
expansion available on this site for a two-story scheme. These are the two
basement levels of Option 1. What's also unique about Option 1 is that it
has an operational basement where prisoner processing happens out of site
and below grade as well as other patrol support functions. Option 2 is two
stories. It occupies most of the site. It has a drive-through sally port. The
prisoner processing actually happens at grade next to Park Boulevard. It is
also 5,000 square feet larger than Option 1. Why is that? It's because of
the need for increased corridor length and circulation space. Therefore, in
comparison, Option 1 is much more compact and, therefore, less costly.
Virtually 100 percent of the parking is accommodated underground in Option
2. Site coverage comparisons. You can see Option 1 actually has open site
area in the screened landscape parking for visitors as well as the vehicle
staging area near Park. Whereas, in Option 2 it's virtually completely
covered. These are site line comparisons. Looking along Birch, Option 1 is
the three-story scheme which you can see off to the left. Option 2 is the
two-story scheme. Both of these, the front door for either of these options
fronts a public plaza that is right on Birch. It really addresses the setback
conditions required for the buildings, but also provides a landscaped
forecourt to the public entry of the building. This is site line comparisons
                                                                       Page 85 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
