                          TRANSCRIPT
a PC is if not well managed. That's where I go back yet again to let's fix the
systemic issues. Development agreements also are typically in place for 20,
25 years. That's the general life of a development agreement. I don't know
that that's a requirement, but that's what they typically are. That means
after that period of time that the development can change and you get
something that isn't what the public has been expecting to have the long
life. I agree with what Council Member Burt said and to a degree what
Council Member Kniss said. We are here to listen to the public, and we're
here to respond to the public. We're not necessarily here to follow the
public. That's where we as electeds have to make some kind of judgment
decision about what is the best action to take and on what basis and with
what set of information.       I don't think right now we have enough
information, and I don't think there's good information in front of the Council
or the public to understand really what the benefits are and have been of the
PCs. It might be beneficial when we get another look at this to actually look
at all the changes that Staff's recommending to try to change and fix the
systemic issues. I think I've said enough to my second.

Council Member Wolbach: This has been a really good discussion. I am
going to be supporting the substitute motion and not the prior one. As
Council Member Burt pointed out, we may end up in the same place. We
often talk about how we want good data. A lot of us say that. We want to
see the evidence; we want to be thoughtful before we rush to judgment. I
don't think we've done that yet. Council wanted to consider serious reforms
of the PC process. That's what the Council wanted to do. The reforms that
were brought to us, I think we all agree did not reflect the kinds of reforms
the Council wanted to consider. We still haven't had a chance to do what we
wanted to do. I say we speaking of the Council that existed prior to my
joining it. I still think that's an important thing to do. I think it's important
for this Council to consider very serious reforms, and then decide is there
something worth salvaging. Until we've done that, it's hard to make a
decision. It's unfortunate that we're extending this very tedious discussion.
I apologize to Staff for giving you more time, but I do think that an ad hoc
committee appointed by the Mayor, which I'm sure will include at least one
of the people who supported eliminating them tonight, I think that would be
very useful. Also, I will just say that I don't think that the community is
unanimous, even amongst those who expressed concerns through emails
and through public comment this evening. Many of them proposed reforms,
not outright elimination. Many of them also were very clear that while
working on those reforms, we should definitely continue the moratorium. I
think we're all in agreement that we will not be lifting the moratorium.
Again, we might end up getting rid of it, but we need to have the data. We
need to have the full discussion which includes consideration of some really
serious reforms.
                                                                           Page 73 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/24/15
