                          TRANSCRIPT
already have a train that goes from San Jose to San Francisco. It's a train
that could use the business. If in fact a lot of people are going to take this
train, which I kind of doubt, but if in fact a lot do, then we, we the people of
Santa Clara and San Mateo County, really could use those passengers to
bolster our prices. The other thing is this. I don't know why they can get
away with having a project that is obviously more than the voters voted for,
but they can. There must be a lot of power there. I wonder if all the rich
cities of the Peninsula, and we are rich, could get together and say, "You
unions are looking avariciously at $1 billion worth of work to do." Suppose
we came up with all of this together, how about a half million dollars at least
that we could put together on our resources and Federal and State money.
Maybe not State since the Governor seems to be in favor of this train. We
could put together enough money to do lots and lots of housing, of low-
income housing, that would provide those jobs that seem to be the engine—I
don't know. it seems to me that must be the engine that is making this
thing go. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. That concludes Oral Communications.

Action Items

1.    Discussion and Direction to Staff on: 1) The California High Speed Rail
      Authority's Plans to Proceed With Environmental Clearance for Their
      San Francisco to San Jose Segment; 2) Next Steps Regarding Rail
      Grade Separations in Palo Alto and Authorization for Staff to Pursue
      Outside Funding for Both Grade Separations and At-Grade Crossing
      Improvements; and 3) The City’s Interests and Strategies Regarding
      the Proposed Santa Clara County Transportation Sales Tax Measure,
      Including a Potential City of Palo Alto Transportation Funding Measure
      or Other Funding Strategy.

Mayor Holman: We move now to our one and only Action Item, which is
comprised of three different parts. Council Member Filseth, you have a
statement to make.

Council Member Filseth: Yes, thank you very much. It happens that I live
within 500 feet of a grade crossing in Palo Alto. I have been advised that
since it's not clear at this time whether there is an impact on the value of my
house if grade separation proceeds, that I should recuse myself from the
first two items. I plan to do that. I'll come back for the third. In the
meantime, we're going to consult the FPPC for further clarification on this
point. Thank you. Somebody, if you'd give me a call when we finish the
second item.

Council Member Filseth left the meeting at 6:13 P.M.
                                                                           Page 3 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
