                          TRANSCRIPT
parking within a short distance to their home. I've got a series of questions
also on the supply side. We didn't hear anything about really what's
happening in our garages. Council Member DuBois raised the question that
it doesn't make any sense to me why we have on Lot CC a wait list of 87 and
an occupancy of 77.         There was no explanation offered.      Still a low
occupancy on "CW." We haven't heard anything about the valet other than
just kind of an allusion in the Staff Report. We haven't heard anything about
our smart signs. Those all tie into this. I'd like to hear more about that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Comments?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. Thank you, Council Member Burt. On all of the
components of the three-legged stool that Sue-Ellen showed at the
beginning, I don't know that we're prepared this evening to give you a full
briefing on all of those elements, the parking wayfinding, access and
revenue controls, the parking guidance system or really how we manage the
garages. Maybe Sue-Ellen can answer a little bit about how we deal with
wait lists and measure occupancies. I was down in the garage downstairs
the other night after work, and the place was absolutely full after hours. We
know there's a lot of variation during the day. We do try and manage these
wait lists, but it's an art not a science. Do you want to add anything?

Ms. Atkinson: Sure. There are currently valet programs in effect at High
Street and at Bryant/Lytton. Bryant/Lytton began valeting cars last week.
That program is now officially in effect.       In Civic Center garage, it's
important to note that those occupancy counts are midday. I will tell you
that when you're racing around in a 2-hour period doing occupancy counts
at all of the garages, some may be closer to noon during the lunch hour and
some may be closer to 2:00. You may be seeing occupancies that are
different based on people going out for the lunch hour and then coming
back. Anecdotally Civic Center is, as Hillary mentioned, very full most of the
time. That may just be an aberration of the data. Just a quick update on
the other programs. Wayfinding will be coming to you in, I believe, early
spring 2016 with design. Parking guidance, there's a stakeholder committee
meeting scheduled for January to look at design. That program will provide
the real time data that will feed into the parking occupancy signs as part of
the wayfinding program. If you recall, those two projects are intertwined.
Do you have anything else to add?

Mr. Mello: No. I'd just say a lot of this data collection will be simplified once
we get more automated parking access and revenue control systems in
place. Right now, we have to rely on manual counts. It's not as accurate as
we'd like it to be.


                                                                         Page 56 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
