                          TRANSCRIPT
pass through increases in your costs, such as the cost for wholesale water.
According to your letter, San Francisco PUC will increase the rates it charges
the City on July 1 of 2016 by 90 cents a ccf. A pass-through would be an
increase of 90 cents per ccf beginning July 1, 2016. The current structure
that you're proposing is not a pass-through, because it doesn't do that. If
you don't follow the dictates of Prop 218, you leave the City open to the risk
of litigation. The San Juan Capistrano case that was mentioned by Attorney
Molly Stump and by Jon Abendschein makes it very clear that judges are
taking very seriously the administrative record and the methods that are
used to justify rates. If you go in for litigation like that, you are likely to
lose. You will pay not only your own litigation expenses, but also the
expenses incurred by the plaintiffs. Taxpayers at the end of the day, me
and everyone else that lives in the City including many of you, will have to
pay for those costs. It would be a good idea to have a strong cost of service
analysis to justify any increases you put in place. Once you have that, as I
said, I'm sure the people in Palo Alto will be more than happy to pay what's
necessary to get the very high quality service that we have become used to.
Thank you very much for listening to me. I appreciate the opportunity to
speak to you.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman, Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Members. I
don't believe that you should approve the proposed rate increase this
evening. Instead it's more appropriate that you have a single rate increase
for the 12 percent recommended increase rather than two increases. Also I
believe that you should direct Staff that it is the Council rather than Staff
that should initiate the proposal that begins the 45-day period for ratepayers
to object.     What Staff has done is after the Council has received
recommendations from the Utilities Advisory Commission and the Finance
Committee, Staff on its own has sent out the proposal to the ratepayers
without finding out if that is the proposal the Council wants to send to the
ratepayers. While it's true that the written objections of a majority of the
ratepayers are sufficient to oppose the rate increase, you don't need more
than one for the Council to make a decision to not approve a rate increase.
In fact, a few years ago the Council did that when one ratepayer objected to
having a third higher water tier rate. The cost of service analysis, as
indicated by the first speaker, was not available. What Staff would send out
was the previous cost of services analysis. The first I heard of there being
one was at the Finance Committee meeting, which was when the 45-day
period was almost over. You need to make that available when you notify
ratepayers of the 45-day period to object. I do have a concern about how
recycled water is handled. In the court decision that has been referred to, it
was a case where there were capital expenses on recycled water and who
should pay for them. In this case, there's a claim that there aren't any
expenses. It happens to be the City that's the customer. However, the
                                                                          Page 8 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
