                             MINUTES
Stephanie Munoz suggested the appraiser had ignored the taxpayers of Palo
Alto in his calculations. Buena Vista was worth $13 million to the taxpayers,
because that amount would be needed to replace the affordable housing
found in Buena Vista.

Marcelino Zevellos reported residents were not considered in three prior
hearings. There were not sufficient legal arguments to support the closure
of the park. He requested the resolution closing the park be vacated and the
conversion of the park to low-income housing. If residents could not find
justice, they would have to seek justice from the Governor, Senators, and
courts.

Dich Tran moved to the park because his and his wife's jobs were nearby,
the rent was affordable, and importantly Palo Alto schools offered excellent
educations for his daughters. Buena Vista residents needed access to the
education offered in Palo Alto.

Aram James asked the Council to put themselves in the economic and
experiential shoes of Buena Vista residents. In that manner, the Council
could make a decision based on the law and on justice.

Council took a break at 8:34 P.M. and returned at 8:49 P.M.

Kyra Kazantzis, The Law Foundation of Silicon Valley for Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park Residents Association, reported 400 Palo Alto residents lived in
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. Its closure would mean the loss of residents'
homes, the loss of an important, diverse community, and the loss of
affordable housing opportunities for low-income individuals. The relocation
package did not adequately mitigate adverse negative consequences. The
Hearing Officer made the wrong decision. After weighing evidence, the
Council must reject the closure application. She introduced Elizabeth Seifel
as an expert witness.

Elizabeth Seifel, Seifel Consulting, advised that it would be difficult to find
comparable housing that Buena Vista residents could afford in the Bay area
based on the owner's current proposed relocation assistance. Comparable
housing should be located within a 35-mile radius; affordable; and similar in
size, function and location, specifically located in a community with similar
access to shopping, medical services, recreational facilities, transportation,
and amenities. Buena Vista offered a unique homeownership opportunity in
Palo Alto for very-low-income households. Palo Alto schools were superior to
schools near comparable mobile home parks, evaluated in the analysis
prepared by attorneys. Palo Alto transit options were superior to those near
other mobile home parks. Two-thirds of Buena Vista residents commuted
less than 30 minutes to work. Other mobile home parks did not offer the

04/13/2015                                                             117- 214
