                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: More seriously, on personal services I actually
don't have a specific suggestion right now, but I'd be curious if Staff thought
that that definition was broad enough.

Mr. Lait: We've worked with it over the years. We do have some informal
ability to make some interpretations where we think something is similar to
or similar to a personal service use. If there was some more descriptive
information, that would be helpful for us, if the Council had some other ideas
of what that would include.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think picking up on some of Council Member
DuBois' comments, I want to talk for a bit about formula retail. I'm a bit
troubled by it, so I'm not even sure ten is the right number or 20 is the right
number. I don't know. I just did a little looking up on Google while we were
going through this. There are 1,900 FedEx locations in the U.S. I don't
know how many Pure Barres there are; I'm not even sure I'm saying that
correctly. Maybe it's Pure Bar. I think that's probably more independent. I
can't find Aveda salons, but I know there certainly must be many of those.
Benjamin-Moore Paints, there are so many it didn't list them. Starbucks just
in the U.S. has 11,563 outlets. Pizza Studio, I don't know about. Counter
has a great many, but it was difficult to, again, count them. There are fewer
of the Counter, and they tend to be more California-oriented. Subway is all
over the country. Somehow, it seems to me as though we ought to be
pursuing types of formula retail rather than simply saying we will limit
anything that has either 10 or 20 outlets somewhere else. Did we look at
that? Was that something Staff looked at? I didn't see that discussed in the
Minutes from the Planning and Transportation. I'm saying I think variety
may be more important than number. There are some things that are not
listed here. You've got a coffee place. It's not my coffee place, but that is
the coffee place on Cal. Ave. Do you understand my question? You're
looking at me with some puzzlement.

Mr. Lait: Let me answer it this way, and you tell me if I understand the
question. We've looked at California Avenue. By our count, there is eight or
nine chain stores by our definition.

Council Member Kniss: You've listed them here; they're on packet Page 91.

Mr. Lait: What we've heard in our outreach efforts from those who have
participated in the workshops is that there is concern that what a chain store
brings to a neighborhood in terms of its character—that speaks in part to
diversity. There's also a concern that we heard expressed about the mix of
uses and the diversity. It was clearly evident that there's an interest in
                                                                        Page 42 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
