                         TRANSCRIPT
Building is going to cost more. We've got costs on the Bike Pedestrian
Bridge. We've got a whole bunch of other issues. This is just—I think the
Council should be trying to look at this as holistically as possible and see
how many good things you can accomplish with this and knowing that there
may be some disagreement, but overall it's a good thing.

Mayor Holman: One last just really quick comment about this amendment.
The question was asked earlier about if we fund this at $5 million, what are
we not going to be doing. If we don't use the TDRs, how much more are we
not going to be doing? That's another way of looking at this. TDRs are
really the only incentive that we have in this town to support historic
preservation and seismic retrofit of existing buildings.    It is the only
incentive, and it is something that developers pay for. The City does not
pay for. They are currently required to be parked, and they are limited.
With that, Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I fully appreciate the desire for a conversation
about TDRs and the concerns about them, but we don't have a moratorium
on the use of TDRs. We haven't made a policy decision to not use TDRs
anymore.     We have done that with some other things that are also
controversial. We have made it a priority to—when we were talking about
the amount of office development in Downtown, Cal. Ave., and El Camino,
when we were talking about Planned Communities. If we had a discussion,
if it was a priority to eliminate TDRs as an option, I would have hoped that
would have come up earlier in discussion. If it comes up for a future
discussion, I would embrace that conversation. I think that it is a policy on
the books. It requires that wherever it's used, that facility be fully parked.
That's obviously one of the biggest impacts of additional density. I will be
supporting the amendment.

Mayor Holman: The amendment before the Council is the original motion
which, to pick it up, is to contribute financial support of $5 million which
shall consist of Transfer of Development Rights or TDRs and Community
Center Impact Fee funds.

Council Member Kniss:    Mayor Holman, I think my light's not showing up
again.

Mayor Holman: There it is. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm again not going to support the amendment. I'm
sorry to disappoint my colleagues. I think we are talking density. Former
Council Member Mayor Klein is here. I remember he gave an impassioned
speech in December, saying when we voted for the TDRs we voted for

                                                                       Page 90 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
