                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Could you repeat what you said?

Council Member Filseth: I would propose a friendly amendment that directs
Policy and Services to review the possibility of including short-term rental
businesses in the ordinance.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you accept that? Council
Member Kniss? That's been incorporated into the main Motion as well.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Policy and Services
Committee to review the possibility of including short term rental businesses
in the Business Registry Certificate.”

Mayor Holman: I would like just—Council Member Wolbach, apologies. On
the main Motion.

Council Member Wolbach:          As I said, if this came back—from the
conversation, I'd have something to say about it. The full Council discussed
brief—some aspects of Airbnb and short-term in-home rentals earlier this
year. Only a couple of the many issues relating to that were addressed in
that conversation. We asked that Staff bring it back to us in a year as we
observed developments with the complaints that we hard around noise and
parking. That's also giving us some time to think about some of the other
impacts of short-term rentals. This might be one of them. My suggestion
would be that we reserve the Airbnb or the short-term rental aspect of this
for that full discussion about Airbnb and other short-term rentals that we're
planning on having in the early part of next year anyway, whether it's at
Policy and Services or at full Council.

Mayor Holman: Council Member ...

Council Member Wolbach: With that as a part of the Motion, I'm not going
to be able to support the Motion. I would suggest it be removed. I don't
know if I could make an amendment to remove the thing that was just
added on.

Council Member Burt: (crosstalk) vote against it, that's what you do.

Council Member Wolbach: All right, then that's what I'll be doing. I think
it's unnecessary.

Mayor Holman: I'm seeing no other speakers ...

Council Member Burt: (inaudible).

                                                                      Page 38 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
