                          TRANSCRIPT
comeback in the US. I would like us to look at other uses as well. That's
kind of under this Element, the Land Use Element. As Council Member Burt
pointed out, I think if you look at the current Comp Plan, we've allowed a lot
of these employment districts to kind of move into our urban centers without
really talking about it. Do we want really large companies Downtown, Cal.
Ave.? Do we want to talk about what are the right kinds of jobs there? I
think the other thing is the nature of work has changed. I think we need to
look at a lot of our job definitions and how they relate to our zoning districts,
maybe look at something like SAC codes. So much work has moved to be in
front of a computer; a lot of these old definitions are kind of meaningless. I
think a lot of it has to do with size and scale. Before that used to be called
manufacturing, and now it's software development. I liked a lot of the goals
in the Comp Plan in this Element. I would pretty much keep the vision with
tweaks by Staff as recommended. I would keep the current goals. I would
keep a lot of language about protecting the quality of the neighborhoods. I
think, again, there are a lot of issues that we're starting to hear. Airbnb is
coming up again. Maybe we strengthen our retail ordinance protections,
protecting our open space and parks. I think one issue that's coming up is
partially privatizing parks with buildings right up to the edge of our parks.
The one in Sherman Boulevard comes to mind. I think demographics are
important and the impacts of aging in place. I expect we'll see policies—
there are some there already; I expect we'll see more. We do avoid talking
about schools, and there's some controversy right now at the School Board
about adding an elementary school. Growth in the north has slowed, but the
elementary schools are larger than we ever intended. I think they're still
talking about opening another elementary school or talking about opening a
middle school, a high school. I do think we need to think about how that
factors into the price on housing. Kind of going through a lot of high-level
notes. I'll get into more details in the next round. I am still concerned—I
think I've said it every time you guys have to come us—that we're going to
have tons of policies and programs and how do we rank and prioritize them
and kind of cut those down. I think Council Member Filseth passed out a
memo twice now that highlighted some real changes between the current
Land Use Element and the future Land Use Element. I think there's some
really useful content in there that hopefully the CAC will see. Again, I like
our current structure. I think if you added in some of the new things,
climate protection, the airport, the concept area plan, references to the
Baylands, I think we'd mostly be there. In terms of new goals, I was
thinking of new goals like Council Member Wolbach was talking about. I
actually think they're more appropriate in the Housing Element. Things like
a goal around jobs-housing or that kind of stuff. I was kind of thinking
about it for this Element, but the more I thought about it, I think it belongs
in the Housing Element. I think a lot of the comments we heard tonight
belong in the Housing Element. I'm glad to hear it's on our schedule. I
                                                                         Page 60 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
