                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Sartor: My recollection is it was about 50,000 square feet, but it didn't
...

Male: It was more than that.

Mr. Sartor: It did not include the Fire administration as you recall. At that
time, we did not have the Office of Emergency Services.

Council Member Burt: Fifty-plus I thought it was. What was in my head was
52, but it goes back a while. For an equivalent group of services, we would
be maybe at 42,000 or something like that. It's about a 20 percent
reduction in the size. I want to put that out there as we look at the final
requirements on square footage for meeting the program needs. Council
Member Berman spoke about the perfect being the enemy of the very good.
There was a lot of back and forth going back a long time on how big of a
expansion we really needed. I've been a big supporter of a new Police
Building. Going for the perfect size has been one of our biggest barriers on
two levels. One, the cost of construction and, two, the availability of sites.
I've made this pitch a number of times which is if we look at what we need
rather than what we want, we could get this thing built. We're on the cusp
of it now. I want to have us continue to look objectively at what we need,
so we can get that done. On Slide 6, we have 2032 staffing; that's total
staffing. I don't see reference points on other points in time. What's our
current staffing on this same slide? What were we in 2006 when we had the
Blue Ribbon Task Force? At 2006 they were comparing a trend line. I don't
know whether on the police side Chief Burns or anybody has that
information of what's our current total staff and where were we a decade
ago or so, so that we understand those trend lines.             I remember
conversations about what we were anticipating in growth trends in staffing,
and that we were going to size this thing for the next 30-plus years. I think
that was anticipating certain growth trends in staffing. I don't know how
that theoretical pattern is comparing to what we're really experiencing over
the last decade. The Chief may have some answers or insights.

Mr. Burns: Thanks for the questions, Council Member. First I want to
apologize. I didn't catch this error up here. It says for 2032 staff 152
people. I think that number is going to be shy. In 2015, we have 156
people. That does not take into account approximately ten people for Fire
administration and another four folks for our Office of Emergency Services.
If you factor in another 17 years, I'm going to give a guess of 10-15 percent
more people. I'll stop there.

Council Member Burt: Do you know how the 2016 number compares to
2006 or 1996 or anything like that?

                                                                        Page 39 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
