                          TRANSCRIPT

the community, we received input to look at a more protected, high-quality
bikeway on the area of Park Boulevard between Cal. Ave. and south towards
Lambert Avenue, the segment of Park Boulevard that is in the commercial
district and near Page Mill Expressway which currently has bicycle lanes. We
are going to be moving forward to the design phase for Park. We do want to
mention that, with approved development projects on Park, implementing a
high-quality, protected bikeway may be more challenging, so we will be
looking very carefully at opportunities to provide a higher level of comfort on
Park in the design phase. Finally, many of our current projects involve a
high level of interagency coordination, and we wanted to touch upon our
recent work primarily with Caltrain on the Churchill Avenue corridor
improvements projects. We have a great opportunity to partner to receive
some federal funding through the Section 130 program and have been just
really delighted with Caltrain and the California Public Utility Commission's
engagement and support for moving forward with improvements to the at-
grade crossing of Churchill and Alma. No funding is guaranteed at this time,
but we had a community meeting last Thursday night and received a lot of
great feedback in support of safety improvements to that intersection.
We're looking at not only pedestrian and bicycle improvements but also
improvements to reduce the chance of a vehicle being stopped on the tracks
at that crossing. We're also working closely with the City of Mountain View;
they are updating their bicycle plan.         There are many border areas
particularly in south Palo Alto where there's gaps in the network that we're
working with Mountain View to close. Finally, we're partnering with VTA on
a number of efforts. One more recently is to bring more adult bicycle
education to Palo Alto. That's all I have for now. I'll turn it back over to
Josh.

Mr. Mello: Thank you, Sara. More immediately, some items that we
anticipate bringing before you before the end of 2016 include a contract
award for a final design phase for Park Boulevard, Wilkie, Stanford Avenue
as well as Maybell Avenue and then Churchill Avenue Phase 2. Churchill
Avenue Phase 2 is the segment of Churchill kind of east of the Caltrain
tracks all the way to Bryant Street. That was not included in the Phase 1
concept plan that was adopted earlier this year. We think that's a priority
especially given the work that we've been doing with Caltrain and California
Public Utilities Commission. We're actually going to be bringing those items
forward to you in November. Early 2016, we would like to advance the
concept plans for approval for Moreno, Amarillo, Ross Road and the Bryant
Street update. We've also started to envision a more comprehensive look at
Downtown. This would be a Downtown bicycle and pedestrian circulation
and safety study. We would like to look at both the Alma Street, Homer
                                                                          Page 5 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
