                         TRANSCRIPT

from the City, I would highly suggest substantially more, somewhere in the
ball park of $800 million or maybe even $1 billion for rapid transit to really
get us to where we need to go. Finally, the bus network which has been
mentioned by some of the speakers today, it's absolutely critical. Just with
the speed of the system, it reduces by 2 percent a year. With all the traffic
congestion that's taking place, we really need to make sure that we're
making it an effective option for the future by speeding it up, make it more
reliable, convenient by providing more service frequency and getting the
buses out of traffic. I'll leave it at that. Thank you so much for your
attention today.

Stefan Heck: Good evening, Madam Mayor, Council Members. I'm a
longtime Palo Alto resident, since 1982, and a consulting professor at
Stanford.    I also see you have a startup company here focused on
transportation issues. I applaud you for taking a stance towards our future
planning. As many people have wished to preserve the best of Palo Alto and
to go back to the good old times, I want to take you back to 1910 when we
actually had an electric railway that ran from Palo Alto through Los Altos to
Cupertino and to San Jose, that had higher frequency than Caltrain does off
peak today. Yes, let's preserve the best of the past and make that happen
again. How about our current transportation systems? I would argue we
have four today. Two of them are working well, and two of them are
horribly broken. Which two work well? Caltrain actually is one of the best
railways in terms of being very balanced and in terms of actually running
through population centers and getting us across county lines in a way that
doesn't reflect the government jurisdictions. We also have a private bus
system put in by Google and others that actually is working quite well.
That's an example of a good transit system that we could build here. We
have two that are utterly broken.         Our bus system, which has very
infrequent coverage—a point I'll return to in a moment—and also is highly
balkanized. It's very difficult to get from San Mateo to Santa Clara County
to do any real commute routes. Typical routes actually have three to four-
hour duration, half of which is layover time. We have cars, which as you
just heard are increasingly inefficient. We have only 1.2 people per car, and
we're stuck in congestion. If we're worried about Caltrain deaths, we kill
2,800 people in this state through car transportation. We haven't done it
well. How do we fix this? I applaud you for not kicking the can down the
road and simply saying, "Let's widen the expressways." That's about five
years of pain to build it for about four years of benefit until the lanes are
again taken up with traffic. I'm not sure that equation works. Let's learn
from the best in the world. That's what we do in Silicon Valley; we take the
best ideas and make them better. Transportation works in many other parts
                                                                       Page 65 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
