                          TRANSCRIPT
Loren Gordon, Public Art Commissioner: Hi. I'm here to talk about the
updated Municipal Ordinance that was signed in January of this year. The
updated Ordinance continues the policy requiring capital improvement
projects to devote 1 percent of their construction budget to public art. It
permits these funds to be pooled into the Public Art Fund, giving us more
flexibility. These funds may be expended on public art at any appropriate
site within the City and may be used on permanent or temporary art. In this
slide, we present five new artwork donations. We have a photo of one of
them and the others will be photographed soon and added to our database.
The first donations were by Joseph Zirker, Landscape #1 and #2, and a
mixed media sculpture, that you see here, titled Kokopelli by Sharon Chenin.
These artists were Cubberley Studio Artists. In accordance with the in-
residence program, they donated these pieces to the City of Palo Alto.
Ehren Tool, an artist in residence at the Palo Alto Art Center, gave the City
four ceramic cups titled Four of Thousands and an untitled monotype on
handmade paper.

Amanda Beard Ross, Public Art Commissioner: Thanks Loren. I want to
quickly comment on the quality of the work in the collection. It keeps
getting better and better and better. I'd like to update you on some
upcoming work. As you're all mostly aware, Conversation, sited here in the
lobby of City Hall, is an interactive media artwork designed to engage the
public and encourage communication and participation. It is a tool that
invites visitors, both those physically here and remotely, to participate in a
public experience to offer opinions, to explore and to create through words
and photographs. The artist, LA-based Susan Narduli, whose proposal was
chosen from over 100 submissions specializes in creating relevant public
spaces for the 21st century, not in rehashing the familiar. She is a specialist
in merging disciplines like public space design, architecture, light installation.
The wall which is partially in now, as you can see, will always be live,
changing, sourcing material from news feeds, from the internet about local
issues, national, global events. The visitor can either by means of a kiosk in
the space enter their own opinions or thoughts about it or can do that
remotely. There is even a feature that allows them to take a photograph
and have that added to a library of images that will be kept. This piece, we
are anticipating a late summer launch.          Secondly, an update to the
interactive light and sound installation project known as the University
Avenue Tunnels by Ala Ebtekar and Binta Ayofemi. As you know, it's our
first formal partnership with Stanford. We are very excited about it. Light,
sound, interactivity coming to this extremely well trafficked but dim space.
Stanford students of Ala's, who teaches courses there, have already begun
sourcing sounds of Palo Alto for the project. We are still seeking the
additional funding for the project. Staff is working with the City to facilitate
preparation of the physical site which, I'm told, has considerable challenges.
                                                                             Page 6 of 56
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/27/15
