                             MINUTES
Closing the 30-mile gap around the Bay would double BART capacity and
save lives.

Wynn Grcich advised that Sonoma County residents voted not to fluoridate
their water. Fluoridation caused bone cancer.

Bill Rosenberg stated that densification of bulk Styrofoam was a problem in
that it could not be recycled or placed in landfills. He suggested the City
implement a fee to disincentivize manufacturers from using Styrofoam as
packing material.

Nancy Krup, PTA Council, indicated Supervisor Joe Simitian would propose
devoting $8 million of County of Santa Clara affordable housing funds
towards the purchase of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. Additional funds
were needed. The PTA supported Supervisor Simitian's proposal and called
on the City Council to propose funds as well.

Kip Husty recalled police handling of riots in the East Bay in December 2014.
Palo Alto should not send police officers to support such police efforts.

Winter Dellenbach reviewed newspaper editorials and letters regarding
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park.

Ronna DeVinchenzi thanked Staff for investigating the glass utilized in
sidewalks along California Avenue. An additional problem was glare off the
glass. Perhaps glass could be used as a trim along sidewalks.

Aram James remarked that four of the California Supreme Court Justices
were women, but none of the Justices were white males. Council Members
could speak on the compensation package and $8 million for purchase of
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. He disagreed with the City Attorney's
citation to a case regarding whether the Public Records Acts extended to
Council Members' personal digital devices.

Joe Hirsch, Cardiac Therapy Foundation, reported the five-year services
agreement had been executed and delivered. He thanked the Council and
Staff for their support of the organization. He inquired about the role of the
guards at Caltrain crossings.

Stephanie Munoz commented that Council Members were part owners of
every single property in Palo Alto, because they dictated the value of
property through zoning. The land on which Buena Vista Mobile Home Park
was located should have been zoned trailer park.



                                                                         Page 6 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
