                          TRANSCRIPT
not creating an overwhelming crisis for Downtown workers and that we're
not creating a spillover that is significant toward other neighborhoods, that
we solve one group's problem and just pass that off on other neighbors. I
think that latter part of not having a spillover to other neighborhoods really
intersects some of what we're talking about here. We certainly don't want to
drive elimination of worker permits in the neighborhood to a degree that it
causes spillover. If we can track it to what we have on Figure 3 on page 8 of
the Staff Report, which is what our goal is on reducing demand through
reduction in basically car trips, reducing single occupancy vehicle trips
primarily, then this will all knit well over the coming years. That's a big
challenge, and we don't know that we're going to hit that. I think that, as
some of my other colleagues have indicated, I don't think we have to set
that as a defined objective at this time. I think that's a long-term aspiration,
but it would need to track with reducing the car demand. We talked about
concentric circles or what the Staff Report called micro zones. Josh, I just
heard you talk about concentric circles that might go down to a single block.
I think I'd call that a micro circle. I don't understand really the big
difference between the two. When we look at the maps and here's our
current pattern, when I look at the red, it's not in a concentric circle. What
we really need to do in my mind is establish zones that correlate to where
the demand for parking in the neighborhood lies. People are telling us
where they're coming from and where they want to park the most. That's
what indicates essentially what the boundaries of those particular zones
ought to be. I would favor not thinking it has—it's not as the crow flies
either. We've got walking patterns. We've got a circle from the other side
of the tracks. A half mile there as the crow flies may be a mile as the
person has to walk. I don't agree with the circle concept. I think we ought
to just set up zones that correlate to where we're seeing the demand is. I
do have a few questions about supply. We didn't touch on supply much at
all. Wait, before I go there, I'll leave you with those questions. I do want to
make a comment about this problem. We could set up enough small zones
that maybe we wouldn't have this bunching on the edge of a zone, but that
starts getting to be a lot of small zones. I don't see that we should rule out
this one side of a block concept. I would like to see that referred back to the
stakeholder groups and see whether they think that is a viable concept. In
particular, it seems logical that that would work best just in the blocks that
are essentially the inbound border of each zone, because that's where the
parkers concentrate in each zone. That's where you'd want to make sure
that people on those blocks—if they can't park in front of their house, they
can park across the street from their street. I think that's what everybody
should have a right to. We don't want to have in this area that some folks
have got this problem 100 percent fixed.            We've got green areas in
Downtown North that were red before, and we still have other areas that are
still red. Our objective is to let everybody have a reasonable amount of
                                                                        Page 55 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
