                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Holman: I do thank Staff and Council Members both for hanging in
here so we can get through this last item.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to share with my colleagues and
public and Staff that I had the opportunity to do a ride-along with our
wonderful Fire Department this past Thursday. Went with Station 1, but
also got a chance to meet up with folks from a couple of the other stations.
I was not surprisingly very impressed by the work that our firefighters are
doing. I think we've got a great department top to bottom. I was just really
pleased. I'd also encourage all of my colleagues to avail themselves of the
same opportunity. Our Fire Department would love to host you for a ride-
along whether for a portion of a day or 12 hours as I did. I'd strongly
recommend it.

Council Member Kniss: I want to follow up on something both I mentioned
and Council Member Burt a couple of weeks ago, which is the artificial turf
and where it's being used in the City. I have become more and more
alarmed about it. I think, Pat, you asked whether or not it could be changed
over at El Camino Park. I don't think we've heard the answer on that. It
really troubles me. There's absolutely no question that it is terrible for the
environment, but it really does raise the temperature in whatever area it's
placed. That troubles me enormously.

Council Member Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: Pardon?

Council Member Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: Yes. It is just absolutely lousy for us and for the
environment. Suzanne, maybe you could follow up on that and ask them to
send us something about it. I know that Pat asked very directly probably
two weeks ago, what was happening with El Camino. Thanks. One more
thing. May I just ask?

Mayor Holman: Sure.




                                                                      Page 129 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
