                         TRANSCRIPT
Executive Director position, that proposed dollar amount, that includes both
salary and contracted-employee benefits, is that correct?

Mr. Keene: That's my understanding, yes.

Council Member Burt: Is that the expected amount or an up-to amount?
Has that been determined?

Mr. Keene: No, it's our best estimate as to what we think would allow us to
compete and attract the right person. Obviously our past has demonstrated
that building a sustainable program that can engage with the range of
partners to ensure that we've got not only a good program but good
funding, we're going to have to have the right structure and have the right
leadership in place. We expect this to be sufficient, but the important thing
is we get the right person to lead the program.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to follow up on how this works in terms
of hiring the person. Who would that person work for?

Mr. Keene: I can answer that, but I see Rob is in the audience. He's done
the heavy lifting on the project impact model and the different options that
were discussed at P&S. If that's okay, we'll tag team and get Rob engaged.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director:          Good evening, Council
Members. Rob de Geus, Community Services Department. Good question,
Council Member Scharff. Initially the individual will report to me out of
Community Services. It's not a Staff person; it's a contracted person. It's
part of a transition plan to move Project Safety Net into either an
independent nonprofit which would be completely separate from the current
partners or within one of the partner organizations that exist within the
collaborative.

Council Member Scharff: I'm trying to understand exactly how this works.
You're asking for 198,000 for Fiscal Year 2016. That starts what, July 1st.
My understanding from reading this memo we got at places is that you're
going out for an RFP. In my experience, if you get it done in three months,
I'll be impressed. What's your sense on the timing of that?

Mr. de Geus: We're going to move very quickly on this. This'll happen over
the summer. We would hope to have someone in place by beginning of the
school year.

Council Member Scharff: Right. We're looking at September, right?

Mr. de Geus: August.

                                                                      Page 18 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
