                         TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt:      The governance section has goals, policies and
programs.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm going from memory here, but I recollect that the
Commission's thought was that that could be completed at the end of the
process once the rest of the update ...

Council Member Burt: That isn't reflected, as I can see, in your report. I do
see that we have former Planning Commissioner Garber who, I think, was on
the subcommittee and maybe he would have some explanation. May I ask,
to the Chair, if we can hear from Dan Garber to see if he can shed any light
on what the PTC ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Sure, that would be helpful.

Council Member Burt: ... thoughts were or the history of this. If you don't
know, that's okay too.

Dan Garber: I'd have to go back (inaudible).

Ms. Gitelman: We had always—from when I first arrived at the City, we'd
been talking about preparing a user's guide at the end of the process that
would contain some of the information that's currently in the governance
section. I think this was just something that the PTC hadn't gotten to yet.

Council Member Burt: I'll just add, I don't have a recollection—maybe Mayor
Holman will—of this having come to the Council for any policy decision to
eliminate the governance section. I'd like to open that back up to colleagues
on whether we should include it. I don't have any strong feelings on when in
the process. It could be at the end. That's different from dropping it, which
somehow it just happened without any deliberate decision-making
apparently going on other than—if Hillary has it right—it was thought to do it
at the end and the end ended up being that it got dropped off.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can interject. There was an implementation section too
which I know we'll have to create. In addition to a governance chapter,
there's an implementation chapter. I think the intention all along has been
to gather in that chapter all of the programs that are developed throughout
all of the elements and give them some prioritization and weighting. That
will be a very important exercise, but again one that probably can't be done
until we're a little farther along.

Council Member Burt: Right. The governance is different.        It has vision,
goals, policies, programs, as I recall.


                                                                       Page 88 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
