                          TRANSCRIPT
It still comes down to how much of the garage gets allocated to the BMRs.
We as a City have indicated we don't want to encourage office space being
used as a concession. My biggest concern is that we're setting a precedent
on what's an acceptable pro forma. I will not be supporting the motion.

Mayor Holman: Understanding the hour, I do have some things I need to
bring up, which are potentially acceptable amendments. These are all found
in the conditions of approval. Let me start with the first one. One is just a
note. Packet page 990, under Number 4, it talks about Attachment D and
the Comprehensive Plan compliance table. I didn't find it anywhere. That's
a comment that Staff needs to take care of. I'm going to comment on this,
and then I'll reference it later. On packet page 995, it talks about low
density residential transitions, and it talks about screen trees are proposed.
Keep that in mind, because we go further back and we'll find trees again.
On packet page 998, Number 6, I'd like to propose an amendment. This is
require that all occupants be required to park in the building's parking
garage rather than on the street. The City may request a status report on
the effectiveness of this measure at any time. The City may—I would like to
change "may" to "shall."

Council Member Scharff: I'm sorry. Where exactly? On page 998.

Mayor Holman: On 998, Number 6. It's talking about the effectiveness of
requiring building occupants to park in the parking garage. It says the City
may also require adjustments to the TDM program to achieve desired results
if needed. I'd like to change "may" to "shall."

Council Member Scharff:    I agree with that.   Any concerns from the City
Attorney? Nope.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “the following change(s) to
the Revised Draft Record of Land Use, Section 8. Conditions of Approval:
Number 6, sentence three, replace “City may also” with “City shall also.”
New Part F

Mayor Holman: Number 7 references in two places—that same page, packet
page 998. Number 7 twice references three BMR units rather than five.
Council Member Scharff, I assume you have no problem with correcting that.

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, obviously not.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part F, “Number 7, sentences
one and two change ‘three units’ to ‘five units.’”
                                                                      Page 141 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
