                         TRANSCRIPT
I see no downside to that. All it does is a check-in with Council that says,
"We've hit the 2 megawatts. Come back to us. Tell us what the price
should be." I see no downside to it at all. I see it as completely in keeping
with our pilot program. That's why we should do that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm thinking of the ratepayer. We had a discussion
about the ratepayer. We can provide a 16.5 cent price, because half of that
will be rebated to the Electric Fund through giving up the City's share of it.
The effective subsidy to the ratepayer is 8.25 as long as we have garages to
cover. Once the garages are covered, anything else that comes in beyond
that would get the full 16 percent, and the ratepayer would then be paying
that $300 million or whatever the amount is or anything above 1.6.

Mr. Keene: $300 million? $300,000.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, 300,000, sorry. That 2 megawatt is a critical
number, because that's when the burden on the ratepayer doubles, because
we run out of garage space to cover. It does call for a reassessment at that
time. How successful is it? How's it working? Are there other places around
town, either public or private commercial space, that would eligible for it?
Being sensitive to the ratepayer, the 2 megawatts, makes sense.

Mayor Holman: Changing 3 megawatts to 2 megawatts as it appears in 1b
and 1c is clearer. If that's agreeable to the maker of the amendment? Then
it's pretty straightforward.

Council Member DuBois: I have a quick question. My understanding was
the Community Solar Program was going to use this program as well. Is
that correct?

Ms. Ratchye: That's a possibility. It may do it through the CLEAN Program
or it may be a separate program that we would return to Council and
request a price for.

Council Member DuBois: If you did it through the CLEAN Program and you
only had 0.4 megawatt left—if it was 2 megawatts and 1.6 is committed—is
that enough to launch the program?

Ms. Ratchye: That might be too small.

Council Member DuBois:     Would 1 megawatt be a reasonable number to
launch it with?

Ms. Ratchye: Probably.


                                                                         Page 53 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
