                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt:     Where it currently says a moratorium on the
conversion of any ground-floor retail use permitted or operating as of
March 2nd or thereafter.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, are you good with that?

Council Member Scharff: As long as the City Attorney is good with it, I'm
good with it.

Mayor Holman: Our seconder has left the dais.

Ms. Stump: Maybe I can take this opportunity to let us all take a deep
breath and orient for a moment on the Council's task this evening, which is
to set and establish an Ordinance of general applicability. What I'm hearing
the Planning Staff struggle with in real-time here is the complexity of
applying planning rules to actual projects. They've attempted to give you a
lot of information about how that would work, but that's not what you're
actually passing an Ordinance on. I just want to underline to the Council
that there may be in fact some further refinement in the examples that
they've given you this evening as they apply whatever you pass tonight.

Mayor Holman: I'm afraid we're a tiny bit stalemated, because I have to
have the seconder of the Motion to accept. I've sent Vice Mayor Schmid
after him. Council Member Wolbach, the Amendment that has been offered
by Council Member Burt, accepted by Council Member Scharff, is that
18.85.102 would change "operating as of March 2, 2015" to "permitted or
operating as of March 2, 2015 or thereafter." Is that acceptable to you,
Cory, Council Member Wolbach? What this is trying to do is to prevent a site
that's vacant from changing to, say, an office where previously it was retail.

Council Member Wolbach: Sorry. I'm processing this right now. Give me
just one second. I've a question about this. Again, it comes back to this
question of if somebody establishes a retail or allows a retail in a place
where they're not supposed to have retail, would this then prevent them
from changing back to whatever it was really supposed to be there?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. That was the Council's direction on April 6th,
and it's in this paragraph about nonconforming uses in 18.85.102(c).

Council Member Wolbach: My concern is, although we've already directed
that for those existing retail or retail-like services, my concern is that that
would actually discourage people from establishing retail facilities in those
types of locations because of their fear that they would not be able to
change back at some point in the future. However, this is an Interim

                                                                         Page 52 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
