                          TRANSCRIPT
legislative advocacy. I have no members of the public who wish to speak to
this item it appears. I have no public comment cards. Do we have a Staff
presentation? No. Council Member Kniss, would you care to present the
memo?

Council Member Kniss: The memo is in front of you, which is Number 14.
In addition, because I'm sure you've already read this, I want to mention a
couple of other things. While I was at the conference last week, I spent a
fair amount of time with somebody who has a great deal of knowledge in
human trafficking. Among those things that I found out which I thought
were intriguing and awful is that most of—it's usually women involved in
human trafficking—are pretty much kids from California. They are kids who
have been runaways. They are found by somebody in whatever big city they
go to where they are—first of all, they're welcomed and clothed and given
something to eat and made feel very comfortable. That is usually the path
toward human trafficking. It is the kind of thing that we don't think really
goes on. It actually does. It goes throughout the Peninsula on a regular
basis. It's the kind of thing we simply never see. What this Proclamation
does tonight is ask that we will essentially put some resources into it at this
point. In particular, we're calling out the Super Bowl, because we know
that—there's almost no question—they fly women in. I hate to absolutely
just pick out women, but it is women. They will fly women in from all over
the country in order to be part of the human trafficking. There is a—just to
give you a little more information, because I was really surprised by it.
There's something called the red book. Apparently one can call the red book
and be guaranteed of a connectivity, which I found pretty shocking. I also
began to feel rather innocent by the time I was done with this, with how
little I actually knew about human trafficking. Most of you know that Sally
Lieber is a real specialist in this, and so is Mayor Cat Carlton from Menlo
Park. I'm giving you all this because it is a very serious problem. It will
become more serious as we get into the holidays and go into the Super
Bowl. We heard from several people. The Mayor asked me if I would bring
this forward. I want to thank Council Members Scharff, Holman and Berman
as well for supporting this and for understanding that this is a major problem
in our community. With that I would move the Resolution and hopefully get
a second.

Mayor Holman: Second.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
adopt a Resolution indicating our support for combatting human trafficking,


                                                                        Page 98 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
