                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I would suggest that perhaps before we go into
breaking those down, colleagues might have overarching comments
(crosstalk) broader sense.

Mayor Holman: I'd like to do these by area, to try to get us through these,
try to work through these.

Council Member Scharff: I will ask some questions about the boundaries.
When I vote for a motion, I'm only going to vote for a motion that includes
everything. I don't have any interest in voting on the boundaries, for the
land use, for the process, applicability. I need to look at the whole motion.
There's things I might trade off in my mind. I'm happy to do a discussion
this way, but when I vote I'm only going to vote yes if we have it altogether.

Mayor Holman: We can do that. We could have a motion that's a tentative
motion, if you want to consider them altogether. It's important to us to get
some motions out there and under these discrete topics. Do you have
comments on the boundaries?

Council Member Scharff: I do have some comments on the boundaries. The
boundaries that Staff has drawn make sense in terms of using a zoning map.
I would tentatively support that. We do need to think a little bit about El
Camino. I'm not sure where I break down on that. It is interesting to
include El Camino on this. It is different than Downtown and California
Avenue. I have some thoughts about that. I definitely agree with the
speaker who said that—this may be under a different criteria. It's not quite
clear to me how we draw these. The notion that within a boundary, that if
it's a specific plan, everything that was said but a concept plan should be
excluded. This would be a good way to get people to focus on doing the
plans and getting community buy-in. That would be a big plus if that wasn't
included and a big incentive for people to do that and go do community buy-
in. The SOFA plan worked well. The more we move to having community
buy-in and doing precise plans or coordinated area plans, the better off we'll
be. I for one would like to see that happen.

Council Member Berman: I've got questions about El Camino. I'm not sure
why we're including it in this. If you look at development that occurred on El
Camino in the past 15 years, there's been negative development in retail,
negative in other and about 3,000 square feet a year on office and R&D.
About 70 percent of that was in one year. We've all said countless times, El
Camino is definitely not a bright spot in terms of use and the buildings that
exist there and the look and the feel. I'm not being very eloquent this
evening. We've identified that it's pretty ripe for redevelopment and ripe for
improvement. I worry that including El Camino in this is going to discourage

                                                                       Page 49 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
