                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I already accepted the first amendment earlier.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: Yep. Where are you putting the 13?

Council Member Scharff: The only thing I'm doing now is instead of saying
11.4, I think we should say 13 for a total anticipated budget of 13.4

Mayor Holman: At the very end of "B," instead of 11.4?

Mr. Keene: Yeah, we just do that. I hate to say it. I don't even think you
need all this detail of the existing funding in the thing. Just strip it down to
the $13 million, because we've actually got to fill in some gaps anyway
that's not identified there.

Mayor Holman: We're getting down to a construction ...

Council Member Scharff: Why don't we just say that meets the overall CIP
budget of 13 million? Why don't we just say that?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, are you good with that?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm comfortable with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: I think at ten of 1:00, I'm probably just fine with it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “$10.1 million (not
including Staff costs), with a budget addition of $0.35 million in Regional
Improvement Program construction funds for a total anticipated budget of
$11.4 million” with “$13 million.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, any other amendments?

Council Member Scharff: Nope, I'm good with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council member DuBois: The part I'm struggling with is the design. I like
this design. I'm concerned that the best price may not be the prettiest
design. How does Staff recommend we get away from the cheapest bridge?

Mr. Keene: I had a thought about this just for a second. This 13-17 million
suggestion is a little awkward the way we put it in here. That really would
                                                                       Page 123 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
