                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: This would be striking the words "minimum extent necessary" from
the sentence here. "For the purposes of this section, disability-related
upgrades are limited to the incremental square footage necessary to
accommodate disability access and shall be subject to" and it continues.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that.

Mr. Lait: Thank you.

Ms. Silver: Madam Mayor, I would also note that that same language also
appears on page 23 of the ordinance or packet page 279. We would propose
including that same modification there.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: This next comment is kind of a big one. The next
paragraph there, "b, v," on page 7 of the ordinance. Again this is in the
definition of FAR exemptions. As I read through these, I think a lot of these
exemptions today are market driven. Companies want to put these things in
to compete with other companies. I'm not sure that we need to exempt
them anymore from FAR. I think there's a separate discussion about
parking, and you guys did something interesting even though it's taken out
right now for the rooftop restaurants where it didn’t count for FAR but it
counted for parking. It struck me that that could apply for a lot of these
amenities as well.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, are you suggesting that we put
these on a parking lot for Staff to come back with?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I mean if colleagues agree. I think, again,
the one that I think deserves an FAR exemption is daycare. I think we have
a shortage of daycare. Again, we don't necessarily have a shortage of
laundries or ATM machines or cafeterias or gyms. Again, employers could
still build those to be competitive in the market, and maybe they get a
parking—they don't have to park those. I'm not sure that they need to be
excluded from FAR. Again, that's a big topic, so it should maybe go in a
parking lot. I'll keep going. The next one was interpretation of land use
classifications. This one, I think, is—it's on the next page, page 8, 18.08.80.
This is kind of like interpretations, but I actually saw this one as a bigger
item. I kind of had the same response that I think again if there's a small
request and you guys have a way to approve it and not hold up the
applicant, but then it should come to Council maybe on Consent before it
gets codified. Maybe there should be an Action Item kind of once a year to
update land uses, so that we're kind of staying more current. Separate from
that we had a recent discussion about appropriate land uses Downtown. I'd
                                                                        Page 55 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
