                         TRANSCRIPT
individually on the wastewater and/or refuse rates or both. To be valid,
protests on the proposed rate increases must be written, signed and
submitted to the City Clerk before the close of this hearing. The protest
must also identify the parcel and the rate being protested. Although the
wastewater and refuse rate increases are being considered together in one
public hearing, the presence or absence of a majority protest will be
calculated separately for each rate. The City Clerk will accept written
proposals until the public hearing on this matter is closed. At the conclusion
of this public hearing, the City Clerk will count the number of written
protests against the proposed rate increases, and the Council will determine
whether a majority protest exists for each rate. If a majority of customers
and property owners have not submitted protests by the close of the public
hearing tonight, the City Council may adopt the new wastewater and refuse
rate schedules as part of the ordinance adopting the budget for Fiscal Year
2016. We can now open the public hearing on this item. I have no speaker
cards.

Public Hearing continued from June 8, 2015.

Public Hearing closed at 5:31 P.M.

Mayor Holman: We'll close the public hearing. Before we turn to discussion,
we'll first tabulate the written responses pursuant to Prop 218. City Clerk?
We can begin with wastewater. There are 20,858 property owners and
wastewater consumers subject to the rate increase, so 10,429 protests are
needed to create a majority.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Mayor Holman, we have received six protest letters
for wastewater, and seven letters for refuse.

Mayor Holman: Since the number of protests received for wastewater rates
is not a majority, the rate change shall be made a part of the ordinance
adopting the budget for Fiscal Year 2016. Consistently, since the majority to
protest refuse rates has not received the adequate number, the motion to
adopt the refuse rate changes shall be made as part of the ordinance
adopting the budget for Fiscal Year 2016. Before we begin the discussion
and proposed adoption of the ordinance, resolutions and other matters
related to the adoption of Fiscal Year 2016, I understand the City Attorney
has a few comments about potential conflicts.

Ms. Stump: When the Council approves the annual budget each year, it
typically faces a conflicts issue related to Stanford University. State law
says that Council Members should not act on a matter where an entity or
individual who is a source of financial interest to them is before the Council
or foreseeably and materially impacted by a decision that the Council may
                                                                        Page 9 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
