                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I'll go ahead and accept those changes and note
that a lot of topics and issues have been brought up. As Council Member
Burt pointed out, they're very complicated. It's important for us to have a
thorough conversation about these at Policy and Services to really identify
all the consequences and also listen to all the different stakeholders to get
a better understanding of it.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Scharff, are you good with the additions?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, I'm good with them.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion in Part D, “impacts” after
“teenage employees.”

Mayor Holman: A question for Staff. When might this go to Policy and
Services? Do you have any notion of that?

James Keene, City Manager: I don't think we can give you—we'll get on it
as quickly as possible, working with the Chair of Policy and Services. Our
next meeting is what? Mid to late September after tomorrow.

Council Member Kniss: One question for Council Member Berman. As I
said, we had one consideration tonight on page 109 of our packet and
another on the Minutes. You have absolutely changed it by "adopt a goal."
By "adopt a goal," are we actually saying we will raise the minimum wage
to $15?

Male: A goal.

Council Member Kniss: Okay. I'm comfortable with that then. As long as
we're not saying this is something we are going to do. The goal is to raise
the wage after you've done your outreach and after it's gone back to Policy
and Services and after you discuss Council Member Filseth's ideas at the
same time.

Council Member Berman: Correct.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you for that clarification.

Council Member Berman: Always a pleasure.

Mayor Holman: I didn't say this previously. I think it is an appropriate step
to take for all the reasons that so many speakers and Council Members
have said this evening. I think because it's being modified by some
concerns and just things that need to be evaluated, I think it's a very
                                                                         Page 40 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
