                         TRANSCRIPT
This equals 40 gallons of water every day for every Palo Alto household for
100 days or it is more groundwater than Stanford used for irrigation last
year or it is the water provided annually from Hetch Hetchy for 4,000 Palo
Alto households or it is 20 percent of East Palo Alto's total annual water
consumption. This is not a small amount of water. We are asking the City
that you implement an immediate moratorium on the issuing of new
dewatering permits for residential basements until State and locally
mandated drought restrictions are lifted and Palo Alto includes a sustainable
groundwater management plan in its Urban Water Master Plan. The bottom
line for us is Palo Alto's policies must respect our groundwater as a valuable
resource, not merely as an inconvenient construction byproduct to be
discarded. That finished up part of Keith's. I also have a presentation, but I
know my time is short. I'm going to give the City Clerk a copy. Tomorrow
is the important City Policy and Services Committee meeting on the topic of
groundwater. I would like to encourage everyone, whether you agree with
my opinion or not, to attend this important meeting at 6:00 tomorrow in this
chamber to discuss your feelings about groundwater. Reviewing the Staff
Report recommendations which we find unacceptable, we'll provide a rebut
statement. Most of their assumptions are based on the EIP Associates
report which has two false premises. One is based on page 2 of the
9/24/2008 report, states that shallow water is not potable as it does not
meet the drinking water standards in Palo Alto. Technically, this is true but
many cities, as we know, are treating wastewater. This groundwater could
in an emergency be treated and become potable water. The other false
statement is that deep aquifers are separated from shallow aquifers by
impermeable sediment layers like clay and rock that prevent shallow aquifer
water from reaching the deep aquifer. Therefore, dewatering basement
evacuations have no effect on the deep water aquifers. Our website,
savepaloaltogroundwater.org, has scientific studies that contradict the EIP
statements. We request that the City review those prior to tomorrow's
meeting. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.   Our final speaker this evening on Oral
Communications is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members.
Thank you for letting me speak. This is the time of the year when we
remember that we are put on Earth to help each other. As a humanist
would say, we are here in this room at this time considering all these
questions because of a propensity of the human race for thousands of years
to operate on the principal of helping each other. This trait is mightiest in
the mightiest. It becomes the throned monarch better than his crown.
That's you. You're the throned monarchs. His scepter shows the threat of
armed power. Now, you don't have any scepters, but you have these big
                                                                          Page 77 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
