                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid stated Council Member Holman advocated for open,
transparent government and valued the City.

Jill O’Nan was impressed with Council Member Holman's concern for the City
and incisive approach to solving City problems.

Sea Reddy indicated Council Member Holman demonstrated integrity, which
would serve her well as Mayor.

Kip Husty expressed concern that Council Member Holman supported the
Living in Vehicles Ordinance, which violated individuals' civil liberties.

Eric Rosenblum appreciated Council Member Holman's work on the Planning
and Transportation Commission.

Council Member Wolbach supported Council Member Holman for Mayor,
because she showed exceptional moral leadership in opposing the ban on
sleeping in vehicles.

NOMINATION PASSED: 9-0

2.    Election of the Vice Mayor for 2015.

Mayor Holman appreciated the opportunity to serve the City. While the City
had many reasons to be proud, it should not forget its less fortunate
residents.     She invited and welcomed community engagement.           Her
guidepost would be the public's best interest. She would immediately
engage Council Members in developing initiatives such as architectural
review reform, improvement of Staff Reports, strengthening neighborhoods,
increasing retail opportunities and protecting local independent retail, a
concept plan for the California Avenue area, and general office allowances.
Prioritizing the many initiatives before the Council would be a challenge.
She requested the public to ask questions and join in civic discussion. She
opened the floor to nominations for Vice Mayor.

NOMINATION:        Council Member Scharff nominated Council Member
Schmid for Vice Mayor for 2015.

Council Member Scharff advised that Council Member Schmid had been an
excellent Council Member and would make an excellent Vice Mayor. He was
impressed by Council Member Schmid's attention to detail, desire for data,
commitment to transparency, and work ethic. The community thought well
of Council Member Schmid. Council Member Schmid provided leadership
when chairing Council Committees and would provide leadership as Vice
Mayor.


01/05/2015                                                          216- 285
