                          TRANSCRIPT
forward to seeing you there, and we hope you will participate. I've brought
some brochures so Palo Alto can turnout for the Turkey Trot.

Council Member Berman: I'm signed up.

Mayor Holman: You’re the first turkey then. Thank you for that. Appreciate
it, and to Elaine Breeze for bringing this to our attention. Andrei M. Sarna-
Wojcicki to be followed by Ester Nigenda.

Andrei Sarna-Wojcicki: My name is Andrei Sarna-Wojcicki. I reside at 708
Garland Drive. I'm a retired geologist with the U.S. Geological Survey. My
comments were addressed to a white paper which I understood was going to
be presented to the Council. As it turns out, this white paper that deals with
dewatering at construction sites is not ready and has not been submitted.
Basically, what I'm doing is just filling in little bits and pieces of what that
white paper was to present. Ester will probably fill in some more. As you
know, there's a lot of construction, a lot of dewatering at a number of sites.
This is using up a tremendous amount of groundwater. This water is being
pumped directly by our storm sewers into the Bay. The pumping causes a
cone of depression in the area of pumping where the construction site is
going on. Construction is using the pumping for basements, to go down to
depth. It's for cellars. Very often these are in the flatlands where the water
table is high, so there's a tremendous amount of pumping and wastage of
this groundwater. This cone of depression of the groundwater table due to
pumping at and in the vicinity of the construction site is actually very
irregular, could be a very irregular body of removal of water depending on
whether sand and gravel channels are involved in the subsurface. It does
not only affect the immediate area of the construction site, but also the
surrounding houses and the downstream part of the zone of drawdown. It
forms an elongate plume of depletion that extends for some distance down
slope. This could be documented by a periodic survey of the trees and other
vegetations in the vicinity of the pumping site after the pumping is done to
determine whether trees and other vegetation is distressed and the plant
shape of that distress. Arguments are made that the groundwater still goes
down to the Bay anyway, so what's the problem. This does not take into
consideration the fact that the two processes, the natural flow of
groundwater toward the Bay is quite a different process than the disposal of
the water directly into the storm sewers where the water is rapidly
discharged by pipes into the Bay. The groundwater under natural conditions
flows slowly in the subsurface over a broad and depth into the marshes, into
an area containing an ecosystem that is in part progressively fresh water,
brackish and saline water going in the direction of the Bay. The fauna and
flora that depend on this flow each have their zones of tolerance for the type
of water entering the Bay through the groundwater system. The pumping of
                                                                        Page 46 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
