                          TRANSCRIPT
corridor it's about 45 feet. Once you get east of Greer Road, it opens up to
100 feet, their easement. The majority of that easement is actually used for
the creek channel. The creek was pretty significantly modified through a
flood control project completed in 2005. As you can see from the photos
here, in some locations there's only room for a maintenance ramp to go
down into the channel. There actually isn't a road that follows along the
levee. Their concern is really how we can design those ramps to be shared
use, to meet the needs of a public access trail and their maintenance needs.
The Water District in some of the narrow areas, they also have easements
from private property owners that they use private property to access the
creek channel. They just wanted to apprise the City that we would need to
also secure those private easements as well. The trail would be routed
through parking lots for a portion of the segment. The last issue that needs
to be resolved is liability concerns.       They made clear that any time
maintenance would need to be done, the City would need to take on closing
the trail for their maintenance. They've had issues on other trails where
users go around barriers. They moved from a policy of asking their cities to
participate to requiring it as part of any joint use agreement. Any liability
issues, we would need to take on. I think I've covered most of the
challenges, but want to call out the new challenges that were installed as
part of the flood control projects. At three locations on the creek corridor, at
Louis, Middlefield and Greer, as part of the flood wall, there are these access
control structures. They're put in place from October to April each year, and
they cross the entire maintenance road. The opportunities to implement a
trail that is open year round, it's not impossible but it just introduces
significant challenges to the design and greater cost. One other thing that
would be required to provide the maintenance access is steep trail grades.
Typically on some trails you may be familiar with, trails do change grade and
they go up and down, often to provide grade-separated crossings of roads.
On this trail what we would need to do is have in relatively short blocks
some significant grade changes. Rather than to provide a grade-separated
crossing which is a huge benefit for trail users, these grade changes would
be required simply to maintain the Santa Clara Valley Water District access
to the creek channel, just due to the narrowness of this particular corridor.
Just when we look at the likely users, it came up as a challenge. Our
conclusion of the preliminary constructability review is that these constraints
may limit the feasibility of a public access trail on a majority of the Matadero
Creek corridor. One of the questions we've received from the public.
There's a strong desire to keep this funding regardless of what direction we
go to, to keep the funding in Midtown. We just wanted to summarize our
knowledge to date. This funding was awarded by the County; it was through
a competitive process. The purpose of this particular pool of funding is to
really provide new recreational facilities and to mitigate the loss of
recreational facilities due to increased development that's permitted by
                                                                            Page 24 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
