                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: That's true.

Council Member Scharff: ... as these opaque windows. Medical uses, there's
some issues there.

Mayor Holman: Again, the P&TC is going to consider this. We don't need to
nail everything down. Vice Mayor Schmid, would you consider excluding
medical offices or medical uses? The P&TC will look at any other thing they
think ought to be excluded. Again, this is not the final work. Can I say that
again?

Vice Mayor Schmid: It sounds petty directive though. If you put it in front,
have the Planning Commission look at prohibiting opaque windows on the
ground floor.

Mayor Holman:       Again, the preamble to this Motion is consider and
considerations. If you see any area around town, you can go to Homer
Avenue, where they have opaqued the windows. It has a dramatic impact,
dramatic. If you want to exclude medical uses, can we go with that? I
would accept that, if we can go with that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would certainly include that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, would you accept "excluding
medical uses" in "l"?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes, I accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part L,
"(excluding medical uses).".

Council Member Scharff: On the whole, I appreciate what you've done,
Mayor Holman. A lot of this is really good. Council Member Burt's the one
that made the statement, and I fully agreed with it, the notion that we do
need to look at California Avenue and figure out how to fill in those holes,
which are the existing office spaces. Part of that may be mechanisms, what
mechanisms exist where we can, rather than wait for people to tear their
buildings down, force a change in use from office to retail. I'm wondering
from Staff's point of view what kind of direction should we give. Should it be
simply come back to us with mechanisms to do that and take a look at how
we do that? I'm saying just on California Avenue; I don't want to do it more
than that. There's serious issues that need to be addressed there.



                                                                        Page 89 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
