                         TRANSCRIPT
zoning, I wanted to highlight a few statements from the record that
resonated with me and, I think, maybe haven't gotten a lot of attention.
Commissioner Keller made a point that mitigations shouldn't be considered
public benefits. That's pretty simple, but I think it's worth repeating.
Mitigations are not public benefits. Things like TDM passes, Go Passes, turn
lanes, replacing trees, those are items that mitigate the impact of the
development. I don't think they go close to the bar of a significant public
benefit. I think we've seen a shift in PCs. In the past, it wasn't necessarily
all about density. I think more and more that's what we're seeing. As an
option for a developer where you can have an enormous financial reward,
why wouldn't you try to get a PC?            I just think it's too tempting.
Commissioner King, I think, put it pretty well. He said, "Putting Staff in a
poor position negotiating undefined public benefits." Council Member Price
said, "The City needs to engage in more successful negotiations." I just
think relying on our volunteer Commissions, volunteer Council, Staff to
negotiate against full-time professional developers has led to the situation
we're in with kind of ephemeral benefits. Then we start discussing how to
cope with those side effects, how do we do an economic analysis or how do
we enforce these PCs. Commissioner King also commented that PCs are
costly in terms of Staff time, Commission time, Council time. I'm not
suggesting that we don't do things just because they're time consuming. To
me this process, even with the cleanup that's suggested, is not worth the
cost benefit of actually having PCs. It consumes a huge amount of time just
to think about a PC, and then sometimes it's not even built. If we just do
two a year, I think we could better spend all that Staff time elsewhere. Just
having the PC option potentially leaves lots empty for a long period of time.
I think the Edgewood Plaza is a good example of that. For all those reasons
and probably maybe the most important one, reestablishing the public trust,
I'm actually for completing eliminating PC zoning. I believe we do have
enough other incentives at the City and State level for affordable housing.
Applicants can go off menu and ask for a concession, and then the burden's
on the City to make the findings that that concession is not needed for
affordable housing. If we find that there are other desirable projects that
we're missing, then we do have these other options. We could do a Master
Plan. We could do an area plan, or we could even bring back PC zoning. I
think we've talked about this for years, talked about it for a long time. Just
extending the moratorium is not really a solution.

Council Member Scharff: I actually agree with everything Council Member
DuBois just said. I think we should eliminate PC zoning. When I looked
through the list of PC projects that have been approved, no one has come
here and said, "Without PC zoning, we would not have had this project and
we really want this project." I think the only ones Staff talks about as being
positive projects are affordable housing projects. I agree with Council
                                                                         Page 63 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
