                          TRANSCRIPT
that's going right on Ash and Sherman there, which is 42 feet high. I
appreciate Council Member Burt's point that this is really 45 feet. This
project would basically be the same height as the one on Ash Street, and
you have the large Courthouse that's 60 feet. I think any notion that it
doesn't fit in with the context is, frankly, mistaken. I do think it's really
important to have retail. I think that enlivens that. I think we've made
mistakes in the past by not having retail. I like that idea. I think that it's a
real value to the public. I think we're going a little too far down, but I
actually like Council Member Burt's idea a lot, of a park as opposed to a
plaza. Those plazas never get used. I walk by Cal. Ave. all the time. the
little park next to the new Sherman Avenue project, there are always people
sitting there, reading, enjoying themselves. Whereas in plazas, I actually
don't see anyone usually. I think that was a good suggestion. I appreciate
all the work we've put into this. Hopefully we'll move forward on it.

Council Member Berman: I agree with everything that Council Member
Scharff said about the Public Safety Building. I'm fully onboard. I like the
park idea. I'd love, if it's possible—I know we'll have some of these details
later. If there's some way also to utilize it as a plaza in the sense of movies
in the park or something like, which I know are very popular in other
communities around Palo Alto and could be a real draw for Cal. Ave. and the
neighborhoods around it. In regards to the parking structure, I'd ask—my
understanding was that Staff was just looking for approval for moving
forward on design and environmental review of a new garage on Lot C-7, but
that you do not need the specification of Option A, B or C or additional
elements. Is that correct? You just need approval for the garage. You'll
analyze different ...

Mr. Sartor: Yes, that was our recommendation. Council Member Scharff
has actually added the caveat which we could live with and design around.

Council Member Berman: Of Option C?

Mr. Sartor: Of including retail which would be as shown in Option C.

Council Member Berman:        (crosstalk) while I think I might get there
eventually, for purposes of trying to move forward more quickly tonight, I'd
ask—I guess I'll happily second it as is. If numerous Council Members aren't
comfortable with that, I'd encourage Council Member Scharff to consider the
broader approval so that we can move forward on this item. I'll leave it up
to other Council Members, I guess, to oppose this idea if they feel that way.
Given the time of the night, I'd love to move forward quickly and keep
going.


                                                                       Page 100 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
