                          TRANSCRIPT
building—I work in it—it's not anything that's historic to be preserved in
terms of what it looks like on the outside, what it feels like on the inside of
the office space that I occupy or moving through the building.              It's
something that happened to be built at that time. Thank you for your time.

Elka MacGregor: Good evening. My name is Elka MacGregor. I'm a
resident of south Palo Alto. I work with John Tarlton on different projects in
Menlo Park.        Here to support this project.        This is a progressive,
environmentally friendly and safe building that is exactly what Palo Alto
should be promoting. It's replacing a building that is not safe. You've heard
all of that. It is not environmentally friendly, and it doesn't have any sort of
significance historically that is worth keeping. What John's proposing is
something that is giving you a pleasing building to look at, a great building
to work in and something that is designed for the next generation that's
looking for progressive-type spaces to move into. Regarding the parking in
the building, this building has been well parked. Somebody mentioned that
there was an aquifer that was 10 feet below; I believe it's 20 feet below. I
don't think there's any pumping required to build this. The parking is
sufficient for the building, but it's also supported by the train which is right
next to this place. It's supported by bicycle traffic. You're reducing the
safety of the street by keeping what's there right now. Right now there are
two entrances to this site. If we only have one entrance to this site off a
minor street as opposed to a major street, you're reducing a number of
traffic coming onto that big street, and you're putting the traffic onto a
secondary street that is built just for that. You're also getting improved
crosswalks in this area, which one of the ladies mentioned that she was
concerned about getting. I'd like to encourage the City to support this type
of construction in Palo Alto. Thank you.

Craig Milroy: Hi. Thank you for taking the time to listen to me. I live in
Palo Alto Central. The concern I have is about traffic in the area. It was
brought up many times, but a couple of things that haven't been mentioned
too much is pedestrian traffic. The number of buildings that's being built on
Park Boulevard increases the traffic. If you look at the foot traffic pouring
out of the AOL building a little further down Park, it pours down the middle
of the street on Sheridan to get to the train station. That's a hazard and
causes traffic problems that back up all the way up the street. The recent
remodel of California Avenue hasn't cleaned up the bike traffic that flows
through there. I travel that way from Stanford. When I come, I see people
flying through that intersection on bikes, ignoring the stop signs. It's a
danger. The traffic all the way along Park Boulevard is my concern.
Particularly, I've heard suggestions that they're going to build a police
station there. That's going to add traffic. That's my main concern, traffic.
Thank you.
                                                                         Page 59 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
