                          TRANSCRIPT
neighbors came, they met the ordinance, met a pretty high threshold. I
would just be careful about if you disagree with the ordinance, maybe come
back, maybe propose a change to ordinances rather than just start making
things up. Mayor Holman touched on this one too about basically, I think,
going back to those foundational documents. One other issue that I've had
a concern with is really vetting issues from kind of 360 degrees from a legal
perspective. I think Council Member Schmid touched on that in that hearing
the reasoning for the final vote is important as well as hearing minority
opinions.    It's really important to get those multiple views.          As a
Commission, I kind of caution you guys about kind of coming to a
unanimous decision too much. I think it's a lot more useful to us to hear
kind of views from all perspectives. I'll leave it there. Thank you, guys.

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other Council Members' lights on at the
moment. It's a lot to chew on that we've thrown out there. Commissioner
Alcheck, did you want to comment? Any others too, just let me know.

Mr. Alcheck:      I'll start by saying that it's an honor to serve on this
Commission. It is with great respect that I approach the work that we do.
Maybe all of you know I'm a licensed real estate attorney. I focused on land
use policy and land use law in graduate school. I'd like to think that it's with
that expertise that I was appointed to this position and to provide that
perspective. I want to quickly comment on the SSO discussion. I think
during our discussion—I think this is relevant—it occurred to us that our
Code doesn't provide neighborhoods a pathway to zone themselves. As we
were discussing that, it became clearer and clearer that the majority or a
significant majority required for an overlay process entitled that community,
that neighborhood to a discussion about an overlay, but not to an overlay.
In fact, as we were discussing the process, it occurred to us that City Council
could decide tomorrow to remove all single-story overlay districts in the
entire City without any public input. It's probably not a popular move, but
they could. The process for a single-story overlay essentially did not entitle
a majority of the community just to have it, so we had a discussion about—I
agree it could have been more coherent and it could have been more
articulate. That is sometimes difficult because of the time constraints that
we're under. That's what led to a greater discussion of how do we review
this zoning change and what is the right advice to give Council as it moves
forward. That said, I want to make a separate comment which is to say that
I joined the Commission in 2012. In the first six months of my being on the
Commission, I coauthored a memo on the problematic PC zoning process.
This is 2012. That memo identified the challenges we face not only in
defining a public benefit but measuring it. If you're familiar with the
intrinsic/extrinsic discussion, you know what I'm talking about. A year later,
the Maybell Senior Affordable Housing Development Project, which was
                                                                            Page 55 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
