                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Surely.

Ms. Gitelman: Part of our reason in raising this is we thought it would be
useful for the Council to tell the CAC, "This is something we want in our
purview. We, as the Council, would like to consider the future Policy C-28
when we get the information from the parks planning process. CAC, you
don't need to worry about this one. We'll take this one."

Council Member DuBois: I would accept an amendment about updating it. I
don't think the question is whether we retain it or not. I think that's actually
not what the amendment should say or what the original should say. I think
it's that we want to update Policy C-28 based on Staff feedback.

Council Member Scharff: Whether or not it should be updated. I'm happy to
say whether or not it should be updated. I think that's probably better.

Mayor Holman:     The language then is update Policy C-28 based on Staff
feedback ...

Council Member Berman: And the Parks and Rec Master Plan process.

Mayor Holman: ... and the Parks and Recreation Commission Master Plan.

Council Member DuBois: Does that capture your proposal?

Mayor Holman: Is that agreeable ...

Council Member Scharff: Yeah. That solves my concern on that.

Mayor Holman: That's agreeable to you, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: That's acceptable.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. I mean, I think that the motion which we
were both supporting was responding to the perception that the Staff
recommendation was take that policy out of the Comp Plan and that's what
we wanted to prevent.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion Part F at the beginning, “update” and at the end “based on Staff
feedback and the Parks and Recreation Master Plan process.”
Mayor Holman: Thank you. Can I ask just one clarifying question here too
about "F?" You've got two things there currently that are kind of run
                                                                         Page 67 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
