                          TRANSCRIPT
We and Menlo Park have fixed that by placing additional fill material. I'll
show you a picture of that later. We're considering performing additional
levee maintenance along San Francisquito between Highway 101 and the
Baylands Athletic Center in order to bring the levee on the Palo Alto side up
to an elevation consistent with the sandbag wall on the East Palo Alto side.
We're considering execution of an on-call contract to assist us with placing
additional sandbags, removing debris, etc., on an as-needed basis. Here is
this berm. This is the Pope-Chaucer Bridge. We're looking downstream.
Here's the bridge; here's the opening. This is the Palo Alto side, and you
can see there was a little bit of erosion here. Again, it wasn't a lot, but over
time this berm, which has been here since the 1950s, was eroded from
rainfall and people walking on that. That little gap has been filled in.
Similarly in Menlo Park, this gap that was there on their side was also filled
in. That's going to hold more water in and force more water through the
culvert. In terms of public outreach and engagement, which is another
activity that we've worked on a lot, again with our partner agencies. The
City has been distributing a winter preparedness bill insert in utility bills
during the month of October. All the JPA agencies and specifically the public
information officers from the different agencies worked together to
coordinate and produce an informational brochure with flood management
project updates and winter preparedness tips for the San Francisquito Water
Shed. That mailer has gone out. The City has established sort of a unified
portal for winter storm information; that's www.cityofpaloalto.org/storms.
Last week, the PIOs coordinated a joint media event in East Palo Alto
alongside the levee where the press was invited to see and hear about the
various activities that we're doing in terms of emergency response
coordination. They were given lots of resources for information. We had the
debut for the JPA's new early flood warning system website. Speaking of
that, the new website is up and running now. The City worked with the JPA
to secure funds from the State of California Department of Water Resources
for a grant to develop and implement this watershed-wide early flood
warning system. It's based primarily on the fact that we've now installed
additional rainfall gauges or have access to additional stream flow gauges in
the upper watershed that will give us more advanced warning of conditions
before it reaches the flatlands here, down in Menlo Park and Palo Alto and
East Palo Alto.         With this site, I have the URL there; it's
sfcjpa.org/floodwarning. This will provide us with almost two hours advance
notice of potential creek flooding based on this stream flow data that's
collected in the upper watershed. I'll show you a map of that in a moment.
The website also allows users to enroll and get automated email and text
messages and to report information and upload images for use by
emergency responders. After this is implemented, the JPA will be funding
the ongoing maintenance of that website. Let me just show you this map.
These red rectangles are the new rainfall gauges that we now have access
                                                                        Page 27 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
