                          TRANSCRIPT
Supervisor Simitian: Can I interrupt you for just a minute?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah.

Supervisor Simitian: I apologize. There was passing mention of the Buena
Vista. Look, we're in a dire spot, but—this is going to be a little more candid
than I probably should be. I've lived here since I was a high school kid. I
have a lot of personal affection and attachment to this town. It has troubled
me some over the course of recent years that we may have become a town
that's really very good at articulating what it's against, but not so good at
articulating what it's for. One of the really marvelous things that has
happened in connection with the Buena Vista is that everybody has stepped
up. While I appreciate the thank you's, really I would just sort of encourage
you to think about the fact that everybody has stepped up. There isn't
anywhere we've gone, and you all have been part of this effort, and asked
folks to help where they've said, "Sorry. We're not interested" or "We don't
want to help," whether it was your City Attorney and your City Manager,
whether it was these nine Council Members, whether it was the elected or
educational leadership, as I said earlier. I just think we're at a tough part in
the negotiations. We're going to do our best to get through it. I just think
people ought to take a little satisfaction and, dare I say, even a little pride in
the way this community has pulled together to try and make this happen.
Even a Council that doesn't always agree on issues of development, I think
that's something to take home when your meeting runs too long tonight.
I'm sorry for the interruption.

Council Member Scharff: No. Thank you for that. Hopefully we can
continue on the "more candid than you should be." I guess my first question
is high speed rail seems to be coming to the fore these days a little bit.
We've all talked here about how difficult the grade crossing situation could
be with high speed rail. I think we as Council have coalesced around the
idea of a trench as much as possible. I guess the question is what do you
see as a possibility of making that a reality and how we could—what's a way
forward on that. We would lose—I don't know—I think it was 150-plus
homes if we actually just do grade separation. You could imagine what that
would be like in Palo Alto. If we go ahead and we push for grade separation
money, and then suddenly 150 homes have to be taken, I can just imagine
how that goes in Palo Alto. The trench seems the only practical political way
forward and, frankly, the best for the town. I guess I wanted to ask you
your feelings on that. I had three questions. I wanted you to talk a little bit
about the Stanford trails issues and sort of where that money is, what Palo
Alto should be doing. I'm a little concerned that we're not focused on that
like we should be. My third question really comes back to the voting of VTA
and the Board of Supervisors. One of the other options that we probably
                                                                          Page 11 of 133
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/21/15
