                          TRANSCRIPT
assessment from the CAO. I, as a facilitator, take that information, compile
and interpret and put it in a preliminary report that's your starting point for
what ends up being your evaluation. That goes into that first meeting that
you had without the CAOs and where you build consensus. Your comments
get reflected in that report. It's iterative, and it unfolds beginning with that
starting point.    I think what's important about the feedback and the
satisfaction survey was that the CAOs want to ensure that what they end up
getting has enough clarity so they know what your consensus is. You all
know, as Council Members, minority voices do like to be heard. It's
incumbent upon the facilitator to make sure that the majority view is heard,
but then that right balance of minority view is also surfaced. I think the
feedback was really please continue to work hard so that we have clarity
about what the Council wants from us. I think that's the essence of the
comment. That's great feedback. We'll continue to work on that. Again,
my question back to you is do you feel that the right balance was struck.
Maybe you don't remember, but certainly going forward that's very
important to the CAOs, and they can speak for themselves.

Chair Burt: Any thoughts?

Council Member Berman: One thought I have in particular about the online
survey that we filled out before our one-on-one meeting. I got a lot of value
out of my one-on-one meeting with you. Having the conversation helped
bring up a lot of thoughts that I had, that just weren't popping to mind when
I was filling out the online survey. Some of the questions in the online
survey have five different ratings, and some have three. I find it really
difficult with three. Between good, mediocre and bad, there's a whole lot of
gray. If we could have every one have five options, I feel like that makes it
a little easier to fill out and indicate good but not great. That kind of thing.

Ms. Figone: I remember your sharing that with me.

Council Member Berman: I think I might have mentioned it before.

Ms. Figone: You did. I remember. I think we can help that. One of the
dimensions—I won't go into a lot of detail that Andie and Mary and I will talk
about—was you had the question and the acceptable to the needs, work.
We had some sub-ratings, and the sub-ratings might have caused confusion.
We're going to revisit that. I think that'll maybe tighten things up a little bit.

Council Member Kniss: I think, too, since Pat just asked, sometimes the
interpretation is very different. Id' really like to see you doing better at that.
You think what was that exact thing. I think it's really interesting. We can
identify someone who's really performing well pretty easily. The harder part

                                                                                      Page 12 of 39
                                              Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript: 12/16/15
