                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: You kept going with your amendment. If you could restate
your first. We need the ...

Council Member Scharff: The first amendment was to remove the amount
which (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Hang on just a half second here. Going back, Greg, for your
amendments.

Council Member Scharff: I'll start with the amendment. It would say a
potential contribution from Google. I don't think I would say what the
number is. I would just cross out the 1 million.

Mayor Holman: That's in ...

Council Member Scharff: (crosstalk) Section C. We could just—I think I just
like the way "C" is. I think that's fine. I think "C" is fine; just leave it like
that. We need to take it out of "B" somewhere, the numbers.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from Part C of the Motion, “and a
potential budget contribution of $1.0 million from Google.”

Mayor Holman: It's in the next to last line on "B."        You're proposing to
remove it out of "B"?

Council Member Scharff: I am. I would say with a budget addition of .35
million in regional improvement construction funds for a total anticipated
budget of—right now it says 11.4 million. My second amendment would be
that we would change that to 13.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, are you good with both of those
amendments?

Council Member Wolbach: Let's see if—I'd rather just do it one at a time to
be clear. I'd get rid of the Google reference, if Council Member Kniss is
comfortable with that.

Council Member Kniss: I didn't hear you, Cory. What?

Mayor Holman: Cory, are you accepting that amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: The two amendments together?

Mayor Holman: No. Are you accepting the first amendment? You wanted
to do them one at a time.
                                                                        Page 122 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
