                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Thank you, Mayor Holman. If the Council wishes to take that
item up, there are two Council Members, that I am aware of, who have
identified themselves as living in neighborhoods that have expressed an
interest in perhaps having a single-story overlay and would then be
potentially impacted by some change in the fee structure. Those two
Council Members, Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Member Wolbach, should
step outside for that portion of the discussion.

Council Member DuBois: I assume this is the right time.             Since my wife
works at Stanford, I will be recusing myself.

Mayor Holman: As stated, we will first be discussing the part of Item
Number 6 that addresses the Fire and Office of Emergency Services budgets
and the CIP budget related to Stanford University.

Vice Mayor Schmid: One of the outstanding issues that were just brought
up is the Fire Services contract with Stanford. Could we get an update on
where we are in that and what impact that might have?

Mr. Keene: In the simplest way, we're still far apart on reaching an
agreement on what the going forward annual contract would be and what
the specifics of the level of service would be. Staff can get more specific if
need be. Technically, the contract that we have with Stanford is up in
October of this year, if I recall. It's in the fall; I'm pretty sure it's October; I
just don't know the exact date. If we were not able to reach an agreement
by that period of time, obviously we'd be pursuing is it possible to come to
some agreement about extending where we are to allow us to have more
time to conclude negotiations and that sort of thing, whether that's month to
month or something else. All of that is uncertain. We're dealing with
methodology issues, how the cost factoring is computed and what are the
service and safety implications of any of the changes in the approach that
we would use.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would raise two specific questions. At least two of our
fire stations, maybe three of them, are on Stanford property. Is that right?
Is there a financial issue with the cost of personnel?

Mr. Keene: In that regard, we only have one station on Stanford itself now.
That's Station Number 6. We do have Station Number 2 on Hanover in the
Research Park. For the most part, all of the discussions have revolved
around the fact that if we were to no longer provide services to Stanford, if
they were to contract with someone else or provide services, then certainly
the operations at Station Number 6 on Stanford would go away.


                                                                             Page 32 of 81
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 6/8/15
