                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, as the maker of the Motion, will
you accept that Amendment please?

Council Member Scharff: I'll accept the basement but not the mezzanine
without further discussion. I want some further discussion on it.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, it is 10:07. We have another item in
front of us. There are people here to speak to that item. I don't know how
many mezzanines there are. Council Member Scharff, could I plead with you
to please accept basement and mezzanine space? I don't think there are
that many mezzanines.

Council Member Scharff: If there aren't that many mezzanines, we don't
need mezzanine. We can just go with basement.

Mayor Holman: He's not accepting that, Council Member Burt.

Council Member Wolbach: He said with more discussion.

Mayor Holman: We need a second on the floor, so we can't just go that
way. I will second it.

Council Member Burt: I was going to say that I would probably be open to
dropping the mezzanine if it didn't have the full support. As long as we've
gone this far, I want to hear what the concern is by Council Member Scharff.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Scharff, what is your concern about
including mezzanine space?

Council Member Scharff: Mezzanine space seems to be often used as office
space. There may be situations where people have allowed retailers to store
their stuff up there, so I view it less as a supporting space, but I don't have
enough information on this. Whereas, I know on the basement space, that
typically has been a support for retail and there has been a lot of
conversions of that. The basement makes sense to me. The mezzanine
doesn't necessarily without more information.

Council Member Burt: I don't understand what the discussion was you
wanted to have. It sounds like you're opposing it.

Council Member Scharff: That's my initial thought. If Staff said to me, "No,
there really is issues that retailers need in terms of the mezzanine and that
happens a lot," whereas I haven't heard this on the mezzanine issue before.
I've only heard it on the basement.

Mayor Holman: We had the mezzanine issue at 240 Hamilton, for instance.
                                                                         Page 56 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
