                              MINUTES
Ms. Koo clarified that moving one bedroom would be complicated and would
require a significant redesign over several months.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to uphold the Director of Planning and Community Environment
approval by adopting the Record of Land Use Action approving an Individual
Review (IR) application for a new two-story home at 3864 Corina Way,
adding to Section 6 – Conditions of Approval, Condition Number 6 – “The
trees and climbing vines shall be maintained in perpetuity.”

Council Member Wolbach initiated the effort to remove the item from the
Consent Calendar. Both the Applicant and the Appellant made strong
arguments. The issue was whether the Applicant or the Appellant would be
more negatively impacted. The Applicant had done an admirable job in
providing a project that fulfilled her needs, respected the Appellant's privacy,
and was compatible with the neighborhood.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether Condition Number 8 addressed
Mayor Holman's concerns regarding maintaining trees.

Mayor Holman answered no, it did not address the issue of retention.

Council Member Kniss indicated the Council's decision would not please
everyone. In visiting the site that afternoon, she noted seven two-story
houses in the neighborhood that were completely different in style.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Section 6 – Conditions of Approval,
Condition Number 8 – “In either event screening trees are to be
maintained.”

Ms. Gitelman concurred with using the term "maintained" in Condition
Numbers 6 and 8.

Council Member Wolbach was open to language indicating the length of
retention or maintenance of the greenery.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to modify addition to Section 6 – Conditions of
Approval, Condition Number 8 – “in either event screening trees are to be
maintained for the natural life of the home.”

Council Member Burt commented that the Council's discussion highlighted
issues that should be included in a potential revision of IR Guidelines. The



02/17/2015                                                               117- 16
