                          TRANSCRIPT
Interim, then great. Does that capture your intention, Council Member
DuBois, as a separate consideration?

Council Member DuBois: That's fine.

Mayor Holman:     That's okay with me.     Council Member Wolbach, do you
accept that?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I stepped in the back when this was added
originally. I don't think I ever weighed in on "k" in general. My sense is that
this one should be a separate Motion. Happy to hear from other colleagues
about it. I'm inclined not to accept "k."

Mayor Holman: It is as a separate consideration. Staff intends that it's not
going to hold this up. Isn't that correct, Staff?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We're thinking that it would be a separate
endeavor besides or separately from what we're doing with regard to the
specific retail district in California Avenue.

Mayor Holman: Are you okay with "as a separate consideration"? Are you
okay with that language.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach:       My thinking is that it should be a separate
Motion.

Mayor Holman: Staff is okay with it the way it is. I'm trying to move this
along.

Council Member Wolbach: We can go ahead and vote on it as an unfriendly
Amendment. I'm not accepting "k."

Council Member DuBois: "K" was already accepted; we're just adding this
language.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm sorry. I wasn't present when it was originally
accepted.

Mayor Holman: We need then as an Amendment here, Council Member
DuBois moves "k" basically. We need a second to that.

Council Member Scharff: I might be willing to second it for you. I need to
understand again exactly the Code Section 18.16, in both those sections. I
know we've talked about it, but I don't have it in my mind. Maybe Staff
                                                                         Page 86 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
