                              MINUTES
A project to remodel City Hall was underway. The recycled water program
was reporting lower salinity numbers. The City received awards from the
League of California Cities, Solar Electric Power Association, Silicon Valley
Water Conservation Awards Consortium, U.S. Solar Congress, Urban
Libraries Council, and livability.com. 2015 would bring the opening of
Rinconada Library, selection of a Public Safety Building site, potential closure
of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park, Comprehensive Plan Update discussions,
preservation of retail, implementation of TDM and TMA, PC Zone reforms,
discussion of continued use of SAP, labor negotiations with all labor groups,
and renewed focus on Project Safety Net and Youth Well Being.

Mayor Shepherd recognized Senator Jerry Hill, Supervisor Joe Simitian,
former City Mayors, former Council Members, Jim Thurber from Los Altos,
Mayor Jim Griffin from Sunnyvale, Julia Miller from Sunnyvale, Walt Hays
from San Jose, Mary Gustav Larsen of East Palo Alto, Ken Rosenberg, Palo
Alto Unified School District Board Members, and City Board and Commission
Members.

Beth Minor, Acting City Clerk, administered the oath of office to the new
Council Members Tom DuBois, Eric Filseth, Cory Wolbach, Karen Holman,
and Greg Scharff.

Special Orders of the Day

1.    Election of the Mayor for 2015.

Vice Mayor Kniss announced the procedure for election of Mayor and Vice
Mayor. While the Council election had been divisive, now was the time for
the community to come together.

NOMINATION:       Vice Mayor Kniss nominated Council Member Holman for
Mayor for 2015.

Vice Mayor Kniss felt Council Member Holman could be an effective Mayor.
Vice Mayor Kniss briefly related Council Member Holman's service to the City
and personal history.

Council Member Burt had worked with Council Member Holman on civic
activities for the past 20 years. She steadfastly held to an approach of
fairness, integrity, and inclusiveness. While serving as Chairman of the
Planning and Transportation Commission, she received respect for leading
colleagues and engaging the public. She believed the primary role of City
government was to work on behalf of residents to maintain the community
environment and exceptional services. She was respected for her courage to
abide by her principles and her hard work.

01/05/2015                                                              216- 284
