                          TRANSCRIPT
want to be part of this nonsense. I would say that two circles are not a
neighborhood. You cannot really say that they are and comply with your
own Municipal Code. Finally, I want to say that their voting results in circles
was pretty much invalid. If you consider that people voted for the fact that
their neighbors from all sides will have the same restrictions, and now you
have people from Greer, on Amarillo, they are building their houses. Finally,
you—I'm running out of time. You have my presentation. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Kiran Joshi to be followed by Stella Marinos.

Kiran Joshi: Good evening, Council Members. I'm Kiran Joshi. I had a few
points about why we believe it should be allowed to have a second story.
The first is young, expanding families need more room. My husband and I
purchased our home ten years ago, and we did this because we really love
Palo Alto. We love the schools, the neighborhoods, the greenery and the
sense of community. We also love Eichlers. The first time we saw our
house, we just fell in love with the large windows, the sunlight and the
layout and everything about it. Even though it wasn't the most practical
house, we liked it so much that we very happy to be able to buy it. We've
been very happy here. We now have two boys who are in elementary
school. Although we still love the house, it's just not meeting our needs.
We also have parents that often stay with us for extended periods of time.
We just don't have the room that we need. The house was built in the
1950s, and times have changed. We need more storage. We need more
room. If we are not allowed to build upwards, we have to expand. We also
have a smaller lot. It comes down to having our children share a room
that's barely 10 by 12 or having room outside to play in. We don't really
want to have to pick one or the other. It would be wonderful to have both.
That's really an important thing for us to have this option to build up.
Secondly, most of the yards have trees that obstruct views and protect
privacy. This was true for us. Our neighbors actually recently built a second
story. They came and checked with us first about whether this would be
okay, because they actually have several windows that are facing our home
so privacy could be a concern. Just like us, we know they have three young
children.    We felt that them having a home that they could live in
comfortably was more important than the minimal loss of privacy that we
face, because we had the large trees. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Stella Marinos to be followed by Ci Chu.

Stella Marinos: Good evening. I've lived in Palo Alto since 1977 and my
home since 1990 on Amarillo. I love Palo Alto, and I love my home. I also
believe—what I loved about Palo Alto originally was the charm of different
neighborhoods. I really think that some of these neighborhoods that are like

                                                                          Page 116 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
