                          TRANSCRIPT
thought this is largely symbolic. It is, as Council Member Scharff said, this is
about getting people thinking about a better planning process for the future.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'm all good.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The goal of the interim agreement is to establish
policies that might be helpful for our Comp Plan. What we're doing as this
thinking process gets put in the Comp Plan, all of a sudden you have to think
of other areas where precise plans might come in. Frye's is certainly one. El
Camino and various portions of it might come. Of course, outside the
boundaries there's all kinds of things. Eastmeadow Circle. If the implication
here is that each time you do one of these in our new Comp Plan you have
the ability to redetermine the limits, you're basically undermining the notion
of limits.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please on the Motion to not exempt
coordinated area plans from the office/R&D development annual limit but at
the end of the completion of a coordinated area planning process, it would
come to Council for a determination of how the office/R&D annual limit
would apply. That Motion passes on a 5-3 with Vice Mayor Schmid, Mayor
Holman and Council Member Kniss voting no.

Male: It's a 6-3.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry, 6-3. Apologize.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-3 Holman, Kniss, Schmid no

Mayor Holman: We now go to the next question.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, I think the next two questions really can be
combined. They're about the process and criteria. Just confirming whether
the Council would like to stick with the competition process as shown in the
Ordinance and unweighted criteria; or whether you'd like to shift to another
kind of process and/or adding weighting to the criteria.

Mayor Holman: It might be helpful to help keep us focused if Clerk could
put the two questions up on the screen. That might be helpful. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I was actually expecting to see a quantitative
scoring process in here. I thought we'd asked the PTC to do that. Maybe I
                                                                        Page 110 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
