                          TRANSCRIPT
box girder designs that contain some kind of enhancements either in their
fencing or railing for these. On the right, the Iron Horse Bridge in Pleasant
Hill is an art suspension bridge. The Harbor Drive Bridge in San Diego is a
self-anchored suspension with a concrete box girder. That Harbor Drive kind
of dual structural system is similar in certain ways because of the dual
system to the Moffatt & Nichol design. You can see while that one has a
main span that's larger than what we're talking about here, it ended up with
a very high cost. These costs have been escalated to current dollars using a
5 percent annual increase rate. This is some detailed information that we
could reference if we wanted to, but I won't try to walk through it. In terms
of the options we see now with the analysis we've done of these costs, there
are really two. One is proceeding with the Moffatt & Nichol design. Staff
does not recommend this because of the $17 million project cost and, just as
importantly, the opinions we've heard from others that the final cost could
be much higher than that. The other option and the one that we are
recommending is to essentially reset the process with a fresh RFP for design
of a bridge with a more standard structural system. We'd target design
towards what we're anticipating would be that budget of $11.4 million. We'd
design for standard structural systems, but look at containing enhanced
features that we looked at during the design competition and also to afford
those enhanced features, continue to seek additional funding and try to
target a range of $13-$17 million. This slide lists some of the types of
enhanced features that could be evaluated. Things like a wider bridge deck
than the 12 feet that Caltrans calls standard; stainless steel railings; artwork
integrated into plazas; decks and fencing; enhanced lighting and potentially
features that could help minimize the height of the bridge. I also wanted to
add that with this process we're proposing there would be multiple
opportunities for Council to be able to review the work we're talking about.
Following the RFP, the design contract that would include the description of
the items that would be assessed and how that would work would come to
the Council for approval. We would envision that during the design process,
once we had that conceptual design information and cost and conceivably
some updated budget information, we would come to the Council to review
those and make determinations about which enhancements to include. On
the funding and timeline, I think we've covered the funding. This is the
current timeline. What we're hoping to do is get out to RFP with this very
quickly, like in the next week. Then we're envisioning a fairly quick process,
trying to get back to Council in about a 3-month timeframe with award of a
contract. I've kind of touched on our recommendations, but here they are.
We're recommending to stop negotiating for the low-profile Moffatt & Nichol
design; proceed with an RFP for a more standard bridge structural system
that could meet the anticipate project budget; work with Google to evaluate
whether the City would be able to accept their contribution; and also pursue
additional funding. With that, we'll welcome your questions and comments.
                                                                       Page 105 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
