                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman was hoping the Council would reach the question of which
growth management scenarios it wanted Staff to analyze and consider as
part of the Comprehensive Plan Update. That was intended to occur before
and continue until the Comprehensive Plan was updated.

Council Member Burt reported the Motion provided a draft direction for the
Comprehensive Plan. The Interim Ordinance would allow the Council to
determine measures that worked or did not work when discussing the
Comprehensive Plan.      The Motion reflected the Council's best current
thinking regarding a direction for the Comprehensive Plan.

Ms. Gitelman was responding to the portion of the Motion that stated "until
adoption of the Comprehensive Plan." That could lead to a control of growth
in the Comprehensive Plan. The fiscal analysis would consider the potential
fiscal impacts of moderating employment growth in a variety of ways. That
could be a way to provide the Council and community with some sense of
potential impacts.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if it was the only way PlaceWorks would consider.

Ms. Gitelman answered no. The analysis would not be specific. It would be
a general analysis of strategies that moderated the pace of employment
growth.

Vice Mayor Schmid indicated an important date was the December date
when Staff proposed a development limit. That might be a significant date
in looking at distinguishing the pipeline.

Ms. Gitelman reported the first date Staff came to the Council was
February 9, 2015. The December date was the last time Staff created a list
of pipeline projects. Staff was preparing an updated list at the current time.

Vice Mayor Schmid was making the case that was when Staff publicly stated
the Council should consider a development cap. It could have induced some
players to come forward.

Council Member Wolbach asked if the City implemented a Citywide
moratorium or cap while drafting the last Comprehensive Plan.

Ms. Gitelman referred Council Member Wolbach to Mr. Moss' submittal.

Council Member Wolbach respected the fact that office development had
been harmful to Palo Alto. He shared the concern that a cap would not solve
all problems; however, it was not expected to solve all problems. The
Motion focused on other priorities that were secondary to traffic, parking,


03/23/2015                                                             117- 142
