                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt suggested referring the Core Values discussion to the
next Committee of the Whole meeting so that all Council Members could
provide input. He inquired whether that could be added to the Motion.

Mayor Holman preferred Council Member Burt offer a separate Motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the Motion did not propose a Built Environment
Committee.

Council Member Wolbach asked if the Motion proposed the Comprehensive
Plan Committee as an ad hoc or Standing Committee.

Mayor Holman recommended that be determined at the Committee of the
Whole meeting.

MOTION AS AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Holman that a
discussion of Core Values be moved to the next Committee of the Whole
meeting.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to refer to the Policy and Services Committee Council Priorities be
detailed in short narratives with directions to key advisory commissions and
boards on how we want projects evaluated and criteria we would like them
to use in their reports to the Council. Council to approve and send specific
directions to Architectural Review Board (ARB), Planning & Transportation
Commission (P&TC), Historic Resources Board (HRB) and the Parks and
Recreation Commission (PARC).

Council Member Berman inquired about a process for accomplishing the item
and whether it was referred to the Policy and Services Committee or the
Council. He was not comfortable supporting the Motion.

Council Member Kniss would not support the Motion.

Council Member DuBois would agree to amend the Motion to add referral to
the Policy and Services Committee at the beginning.

Council Member Berman would support the Motion and hoped it would not
be controversial such that the Council duplicated the Policy and Services
Committee discussion.

Council Member Kniss would not support the Motion as it was extremely
directive for Commissions and Boards.

02/17/2015                                                          116- 500
