                         TRASNCRIPT
system. An example might be community gardens, where they're mostly in
North Palo Alto. There's an obvious gap; there are not sufficient community
gardens in South Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff: I guess that's more what I'd like to see. I'd like to
see it say things like—I'd like us to have the discussion about some of the
hard questions. Is every park going to be identical and have the same
things? This could lead to that, right? You want unstructured play. You
want these principles to be applied; therefore, you should pull out the bocce
ball or the tennis courts. Are we going to have a bocce ball court over here
and not over here because it's over there. People who have that interest
can ride their bikes to that. Are we going to basically apply these principles
in a system-wide park or are we going to apply them in a region or are we
going to apply them to each individual park? I think it makes a huge
difference in your outcomes, how you think about that. I mean, I think
they're just policy choices. You could say every park has to be a walkable
distance to people and you have to meet these basic criteria that you set
forth here. Therefore, maybe we're pulling out tennis courts out of those
parks. You can say, "No, we're going to look at a region and you have to
have within biking distance X number." There's a bunch of parks that are in
biking distance, for instance, and everyone has it differently. I just think
that you need to have a sense of how you're going to apply these criteria
and what they really mean when you come up with existing gaps. I mean, a
community garden for instance is a very specific use that does not lead to
unstructured play, unless you want kids running around the garden pulling
things out. You might argue that you do not put community gardens under
these principles in. I guess I'm just trying to figure out how you're going to
use that. I'm not going to belabor the point anymore, but I don't think it's
very thoughtful from a practical point of view of how this applies when we
actually have to make decisions. If we're not going to use this to make
decisions and we're just going to use it as words, then fine, maybe that's
what you want to do.

Mayor Holman: I don't have other Council Member lights. I'm going to try
to summarize here. This is a Study Session, so we don't take motions. I
think you've heard enough questions, enough hesitation, I guess you could
say, on the part of Council Members that we do need this to come back to us
so that we can get some clarity around these things. I look at packet page
26, and it says at this point we're moving from the data and needs summary
or Phase 1 to the action criteria and prioritizing phase which is Phase 2. The
third and final phase which is upcoming is the Master Plan report. Until we
get the principles correct, we just can't move forward to a Master Plan. I
look at the Comprehensive Plan, which we're going to be looking at a little
bit later this evening. The Comp Plan is organized under vision, policy, goal
                                                                       Page 32 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
