                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I'm okay with either one. The only thing that is
incumbent on the Council is the fee increase. They can't do that on their
own. They could and presumably are addressing the other aspects.

Mayor Holman:     We're ready to vote on directing Staff to investigate
increasing Business Registry participation up to and including increasing late
fees. Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously with Council
Member Filseth absent.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Mayor Holman: Council Members, it is 10:23. We usually do our check-in a
little bit earlier than this. We have another Action Item and a Closed
Session. The other item is the Fry's site. I want to see if we are wanting to
take that up yet this evening.

Mr. Rossmann: Sorry to interrupt you, Mayor Holman. There's one more
budget item. Council Member Scharff was nodding when the City Manager
asked to refund the two vehicles again in the CIP for our Vehicle Fund.

Mayor Holman: I wasn't shutting that off.

Mr. Rossmann: Wonderful. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I was trying to get a decision from Council if we were going
to take up the next item or not.

Mr. Keene: I would remind the Council, your rules right now say every
effort to end by 11:00 and not take up new items after 10:30, but you make
a decision. You would be making a decision to take up two items tonight, if
you're asking about taking up the Fry's item.

Council Member Scharff: I would move that ...

Ms. Stump: If I may. The Fry's item, the Planning Director is indicating is
not time sensitive. The Closed Session is. There's an action that Council
would need to take tonight potentially. We have outside counsel here as
well.

Mayor Holman: We have room on maybe the—coming upon summer break.
Do we have room on the 15th or 22nd to take up the Fry's site up? I'm sorry
I don't have those agendas with me.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: On the 15th, at this time we have five items, all
public hearings, with a potential time of getting out at 11:00 P.M.

                                                                        Page 76 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
