                         TRANSCRIPT

for bringing that up, City Manager. It looks like we are ready for a vote on
the Consent Calendar with Item Number 19 continued to next week still on
Consent. Vote on the board please. That passes also unanimously on an 8-
0 vote with Council Member Scharff absent.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 4-18 AND 20-21 PASSED: 8-0
Scharff absent

Action Items

22.   TEFRA HEARING: Regarding Conduit Financing for the Colorado Park
      Apartments Project Located at 1141 Colorado Avenue, Palo Alto, and
      Resolution 9540 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Approving the Issuance of California Municipal Finance Authority
      Revenue Bonds in an Aggregate Principal Amount Not to Exceed
      $25,000,000 for the Purpose of Financing the Acquisition,
      Rehabilitation, Improvement and Equipping of an Affordable
      Multifamily Rental Housing Facility and Certain Other Matters Relating
      Thereto.”

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director: Joe Saccio, Assistant
Director of Administrative Services. I think the Council's familiar with the
reasons for having a TEFRA hearing. Very briefly, they're required by
Federal law in order for a nonprofit or an organization to issue tax-exempt
bonds. As in the past, the City is under no obligation, legally, morally,
financially, for these bonds. They're the responsibility of the issuer. If
Council Members have any questions, I'm here as well as a representative
from the financing authority as well as from the borrower. Thank you.

Council Member Filseth: Can I ask a question here? I noticed in this—it all
looks fairly routine—the low income restriction is for 55 years. In 55 years,
it can revert to market rate housing. Do I understand that right?

Mr. Saccio: Let me have the representative answer that question.

Anthony Stubbs, California Municipal Finance Authority: Anthony Stubbs
with the California Municipal Finance Authority. That is correct; it could.
These things, we usually refinance every 15 years. That's why they can get
new tax credits and equity investors in there. The possibility of it going to
market rate are very slim.

Mayor Holman: Do we have a motion?

                                                                       Page 36 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
