                         TRANSCRIPT

the public members who are here to comment or support. Rob, will you be
kicking it off?

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: I am.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Mr. de Geus: Good evening, Mayor Holman, Council Members. Rob de
Geus, Community Services Department. I'm joined here by Lacee Kortsen.
She's the Senior Community Services Manager, oversees the Mitchell Park
Community Center, our teen programs, is our health guru in our
department. She's going to help me with some of the slides here. Staff
brings a Resolution to the Council this evening in support of the Council
Priority Healthy Cities Healthy Communities. The Resolution is aspirational.
It's comprehensive. It encourages healthy, social, cultural and physical
environments; environments that promote and support health, well-being,
creative expression for ourselves, our families and our communities. The
Staff presentation will give a brief background on Healthy Cities Healthy
Communities movement, a brief summary of the current practices that
already exist in support of this Priority. We'll talk about the gathering and
input of a diverse stakeholder community group, and finally we'll go over the
Resolution. What is Healthy Cities? It really began in Europe, out of the
World Health Organization in 1986. It was based on the concept that the
social, economic and physical environment is key to the health of residents.
It takes a broad view of health, employs a cross-section of human endeavors
to achieve improved health status and community quality of life. The
movement has spread to more than 3,000 communities in over 50 countries.
The Mayor likes this quote, so we included it here. Healthy Community
initiatives are modern illustrations of Alexis de Tocqueville's 1831
observations of what made America unique and prosperous. It's associated
life, the way citizens come together to engage in meaningful work for the
benefit of the community. Put another way, a healthy community is one in
which all systems work well and work together and in which all citizens enjoy
a quality of life. Any time we take on a new initiative or the Council has a
new Priority that impacts the community at large, we engage the community
in a conversation from the beginning. To that end, in the spring we put an
invitation out to the community, business leaders, nonprofit partners, School
District, residents and asked that they join the City Staff and the Mayor and
Council Member Kniss to discuss how we might strengthen the community
through this new Council Priority Healthy Cities Healthy Communities. We
called the group together, and we met six or seven times since spring. This
is a list of organizations and affiliations where we got the most traction in
                                                                       Page 55 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
