                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I quickly agree with everything the last three
Council Members/Mayors have said. My big concern is that we're adding on
another big element for Staff's plate. I will request that they push back,
whether that's through the Mayor or however, with the changes that this will
necessitate to other things, because this isn't a small feat. We've sat up
here and said I think this, I think that, I think you could build that under
existing. We don't know that. That analysis hasn't been done, and that
needs to happen. I'd like to have people from the affordable housing
development community come in and give us their opinion. They know this
a lot better than we do about how best to develop affordable housing. We
need to be thoughtful about how we go about this process.             To me
eliminating it is not that thoughtful way.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think the points have been made that there are some
real positive benefits that have come from PCs in the past. We have not
that information in front of us tonight, that we can sit and talk about that. It
seems almost premature to eliminate it without that. On the other hand, we
do have a full plate on our agendas. I think the Comp Plan should take
primary focus. I think we had said that whatever the PC comes up with, it
should be in compliance with the Comp Plan. Let me make a suggestion
that we add, after the word "request that," "following the approval of the
Comp Plan" which would postpone this until the Comp Plan is done a year
and a half from now or two years from now, also allow us to look at
alternative mechanisms during that time that might obviate the need for
PCs. At least keep the possibility open that this is one tool.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, as maker of the motion?

Council Member Burt: I wouldn't accept it, but I would like the opportunity
to respond to both that concern and the staffing concern in a moment.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it. I'll second your amendment.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved,
seconded by Council Member Scharff to add to the Substitute Motion,
“following the approval of the Comprehensive Plan” after “request that.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just to conclude, I think some perspective and time,
ability to look at alternative mechanisms would be useful in looking at PCs
before we bury them.

Council Member Scharff: I don't mind necessarily if we move forward in the
direction of the substitute motion as much if we put this off beyond the
Comprehensive Plan. I just think Staff has way too much on their plate for
us to spend all of this time going on the PC process. I think it's not useful.
                                                                          Page 74 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
