                              MINUTES
Council Member identified relevant data in work from the previous year and
wished to rely on that data, the data should be placed in the record in a due
process matter.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if Council Members could mention only information
that Staff had presented. That would be a constraint.

Ms. Stump clarified that due process concerned information on which the
Council would base its decision. The parties were entitled to know all
information the Council would consider in making its decision. A quasi-
judicial proceeding was very different from policy making. In a quasi-judicial
proceeding, the Council would take existing laws and apply them to a
particular application or project before the Council.        Negative policy
implications from existing rules were often revealed through due process.
The law did not allow the Council to change the rules and apply the new
rules to the project. The applicant was entitled to know the rules and the
information the Council would consider. If Council Members wished to
consider information that was not part of the record, then all parties had to
be provided with the information and be allowed to respond to it.

Vice Mayor Schmid remarked that having the packet earlier would allow
Council Members to raise issues publicly. He asked if Council Members could
make information a part of the record simply by mentioning it.

Ms. Stump concurred that the early packet release would allow items to
remain on the Agenda while adding to the record. Staff and the Council
should discuss ways to add information to the record. Adding information
had implications for Staff.

Council Member DuBois felt it was critical for City Commissions and Boards
to understand due process as well. If a Board or Commission failed to
question an issue, then it would be missing from the record.

Ms. Stump advised that if a Council Member believed an important issue had
not been fully reviewed by a Commission or Board, then that issue could be
added at the Council level. Boards and Commissions should thoroughly
review all issues. Staff should also thoroughly prepare issues.

Council Member DuBois reiterated that Boards and Commissions should
understand due process as well.

Ms. Stump concurred.

Mayor Holman suggested Council Members other than members of the Policy
and Services Committee ask questions. Members of the Policy and Services



02/17/2015                                                            116- 484
