                         TRANSCRIPT
approved in the context that this Applicant came forward. Let us end this
tonight. Deny the appeal. Have this not linger over the important decisions
facing the Council. A season for change; a night for denial and moving
forward. Thank you.

Norman Beamer: Good evening. I'm here to speak on behalf of the
organization called Palo Alto Neighborhoods or PAN. PAN supports the
appeal of 429 University Avenue and opposes this project on multiple
grounds. First, the project is egregiously underparked. We're mindful that
the owner is trying to take advantage of several outmoded exceptions to the
parking space requirements. Unlike the previous speaker, we should not be
bound by those outmoded exceptions. These exceptions make no sense
given the crisis of inadequate parking in the Downtown area. The adverse
environmental impact of allowing this underparked project overrides these
exceptions. It's high time to eliminate the exceptions. Even under the best
case scenario, the Residential [Preferential] Parking Program (RPP) that the
City is now attempting to implement will be overwhelmed by the dozens of
underparked development projects now in the pipeline, some of which were
just mentioned. This project being one more example. The appeal should
also be granted, because this project would result in significant decrease in
the retail space on University Avenue. The owner attempts to justify this by
citing various Building Code requirements such as the need for an elevator
lobby. Those requirements are only there because the owners want to
replace the present building with a new, larger building. At the very least,
the loss of retail on the first floor should be made up by adding retail to the
second story. Better yet, keep the current building. We also support the
Appellant's complaint that the size and massing of the building is out of
proportion to the surroundings. Also, the project will exacerbate traffic
problems on the narrow side street. I'm referring to Kipling Street, I believe
named after Rudyard who once said, "Borrow trouble for yourself if that's
your nature, but don't lend it to your neighbors."

Katherine Clark: Good evening. I am here to support the appeal. I oppose
this project. I moved here with my husband in 1984. I'm a resident of
Crescent Park, and I have seen this Council and the Historical Review Board
systematically destroying the charm of our City. We had mom and pop
stores here occupying all the spots along University in the 1980s. Slowly but
surely these buildings that look like the new Walgreens are going in and
replacing the charm of the past. We're never going to get that back. These
five buildings that are going to be replaced by this monstrosity will never
come back. I would just ask yourselves to take a moment and say, "Would
the Town of Carmel or would the City Council of Santa Barbara or the Town
of Los Gatos approve a monstrosity like this, that changes the entire
character of that area?" The architect mentioned this respects the past. It
                                                                       Page 33 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
