                             MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:15 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Kniss, Price, Scharff, Schmid,
             Shepherd

Absent:

Mayor Shepherd suggested the Council hear Agenda Item Number 6- City
Manager Year in Review, prior to Agenda Item Number 1.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to move Agenda Item 6 - City Manager Year in Review - to be heard
before Agenda Item 1.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0

6.    City Manager Year in Review.

James Keene, City Manager, was surprised by the number of issues the
Council addressed in 2014. In 2014, the Council had a bias towards action
and community engagement, which was symbolized by the Our Palo Alto
initiative. Due to strong tax growth, the General Fund ended 2014 with an
$8.7 million surplus, $4 million of which was transferred to the Infrastructure
Reserve.     The City made changes to employee healthcare costs and
maintained its AAA bond rating. Near-term projections demonstrated the
City had a solid economic and fiscal foundation through 2016. The National
Citizens Survey again rated the City and City services highly.             The
Comprehensive Plan process was reset in 2014 and coupled with the Our
Palo Alto initiative to obtain broader and deeper community engagement.
The 2015-2023 Housing Element was approved and adopted by the Council.
The Council adopted a Citywide framework for Residential Permit Parking
Programs and a specific program for the Downtown area. The first phase of
analysis for the Downtown CAP Study would inform Council policy decisions
regarding development. The Council approved $2 million for smart traffic
signals. Retail preservation surfaced as an important issue in 2014. The
Council approved development of a Sustainability and Climate Action Plan.
The Council expanded shuttle service, made improvements to parking
garages, identified potential locations for a new parking garage, and
analyzed public-private partnerships for parking garages. Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) was discussed in 2014, and creation of a
Transportation Management Agency (TMA) would be a topic for 2015.



01/05/2015                                                             216- 282
