                         TRANSCRIPT
Ordinance in Palo Alto that bans the use of gas-powered leaf blowers. I will
understand if some of you, even on Council, don't understand that we don't
have this Ordinance, because it gets no publicity and absolutely no
enforcement. A few years ago, when I was concerned that there was no
enforcement of this, I talked to the Police Department. They told me that,
yes indeed, they don't enforce it. I'm sympathetic that the police do have
more important things in town to do. On the other hand, we do have an
Ordinance, and it should be somehow enforced. I asked them if they had a
sheet that I could hand out to people to at least inform them. They said no,
they didn't. I went to the City website, and I printed out the frequently
asked questions section of the leaf blower Ordinance. I do hand this out.
When I see somebody that's using a gas-powered leaf blower, I go up to
them and I try and be polite. I ask them if they know about the Ordinance.
In general, almost unanimously people say, "Oh, no."           I say, "I can
understand that. It's only been an Ordinance for ten years." I hand them
one of these sheets. The people that are using the leaf blowers are
generally gardeners. I write on the sheet "please ask your customer to
provide an electric outlet and use an electric leaf blower or a rake if you
have to." I leave one of the sheets usually in the handle of the door. I say,
"please provide your gardener with an electric outlet and means to use an
electric leaf blower." I would suggest that we have on occasion a policeman
riding a bicycle around town doing essentially the same thing. I don't want
to fine people. I don't want to penalize them, but I would like it to stop.
Thank you. I hope we can figure out some way to do this.

Consent Calendar

Vice Mayor Schmid: Any comments on the Consent or is there a Motion?

Council Member Scharff: I'll move the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Moved by Council Member Scharff, seconded by Council
Member Berman.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 1-3.

1.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Accept the Police Department:
     Palo Alto Animal Services Audit.

2.   Approval of Amendment Three to Contract Number S13149754 With
     Renne Sloan Holtzman Sakai LLP Public Law Group to Add $36,000 for

                                                                        Page 4 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/8/15
