                          TRANSCRIPT

Mr. Mello: Yes. The general feeling ...

Council Member Kniss: We're not using the bikes enough.

Mr. Mello: ... is the pilot was not as effective as it could have been.

Council Member Kniss: Looking at some of the other graphs that you had in
here. I can't find Boulder at the moment, but Boulder is a lot like we are. It
looks as though they are using bikes half again as much as we are. Why
would you guess that's the case? Better placement? I would tell you what
page that's on, but I remember it's in here somewhere, where Boulder and
Palo Alto are compared. There's also the very long chart on trips per day
that's on page 17, packet page 21.

Mr. Keene: While they're looking at that, Council Member, population's
obviously just a little bigger than ours. I mean the campus is big and it's
integrated more directly with the city than Stanford is here. I'm sure you've
got a lot of student usage in Boulder, would be my guess. In a way that we
just don't have, in the same way it's between Stanford and our town.

Council Member Kniss: I guess—go ahead.

Mr. Mello: The chart on page 17 shows the trips per bike per day for the
largest systems in the world. It also includes Mountain View, San Jose, Palo
Alto and Redwood City. I think the root of the issue is that the pilot did not
really serve Palo Alto well. There are stations located at the Caltrain
stations, but then there's a bike share station two blocks away. That's about
the extent of the trip that you can make. There's no additional stations on
the east side of Downtown. Bike trips are generally 1-2 miles. We really
don't have any stations that are 1-2 miles from Caltrain. Your options for
making trips are fairly limited under the current configuration. I think it just
hasn't performed up to expectations because of the design of the system.

Council Member Kniss: It sounds as though it's not gone forever, however.
We'll be looking at it more.

Mr. Mello: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Just coming back to us though. Certainly the Alma
Downtown is one that I have heard a number of comments about, which Pat
mentioned. I also have heard from others—I confess I don't bike. I hope
somebody on Staff has ridden all of these areas that you have talked about.
A number of really intense bike riders have said the sharrows often are not
                                                                          Page 12 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
