                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I think it still makes sense to have Staff respond to if they
can do this in this timeframe.

Mr. Reichental: I guess I don't still understand the question. We have to
wait for the marketplace to make their announcements. We're not in control
of that. Right? We anticipate there will be some significant announcements
in the sort of three, four, five-month—three, four-month time horizon, but
we don't control it.

Ms. Stump: Perhaps I can help. The Staff's recommendation, to be very
clear, is that the Council not act to adopt that kind of a goal tonight, but
rather allow the market to develop over the next few months and then
tackle those substantial policy questions. I think what the Staff is confused
about is if Council does wish to adopt the goal this evening, does Staff have
any work plan associated with that? You heard a consultant's report that is
not based on that goal. It's based on a broader look at market forces and
options. I would imagine the consultant will be asking the Staff after
tonight, "Are we supposed to set all our work aside and start over or are we
just updating on these items?" I think the Staff is struggling to understand
do they have very substantial work to do over the next few months or is
Council articulating an aspirational goal or an intention, but not anticipating
that there'll be substantial work done in pursuit of that pending the
developments in the marketplace and a return to Council in January. Is that
accurate?

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, as maker of the motion, would you
care to clarify that?

Council Member Dubois: Yeah. I think it's somewhere in the middle there,
Molly, in that this is a fast moving market and we don't want to just wait for
three or four months to hear what's going to happen. We're giving an
aspirational goal; there's some items in here directing Staff to have a
conversation with Google and AT&T reflecting these goals. I think the idea is
that now is a critical time to see if we can influence the outcome in a
direction that the City wants rather than just waiting. It's not to go back
and redo the CTC report or create an immense amount of new work. I think
it's just clarity on what the aspirational goal is.

Council Member Scharff: Would you put the word "aspirational" ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff ...


                                                                        Page 57 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
