                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Packet page 246. Third paragraph down, while it's
common practice. Again, I understood that that was the intent, that the
ordinance was to accomplish that.

Mr. Lait: I see the paragraph as reflecting the ordinance. I'm not seeing ...

Council Member DuBois: I'm hearing something different. I think, Cara was
saying that it actually changes some of the behavior where EIRs that come
to Council today would no longer come to Council. Am I hearing that wrong?

Mayor Holman: Ordinances—excuse me, not ordinances. EIRs currently
have to come to the City Council for certification. This is a pretty significant
change. If I'm reading this correctly, then—it seems a little bit confusing to
me. For instance, Jonathan mentioned site and design projects. Does that
mean the Council would no longer need to approve those EIRs, that the
Planning Director would?

Ms. Silver: No, no, no. I'm sorry if that was confusing. The final decision
on the entitlement, if it's made by the City Council, then the City Council is
the entity that must approve the EIR. If the final decision is made by the
Planning Director, then under State law the Planning Director must approve
the EIR. Currently, what we've been doing is, because the State law is
currently inconsistent with our current practice, if we have a—it generally
comes up with design review where the Planning Director has the authority,
under our Code, to issue the entitlement. But we have this practice that the
Planning Director cannot approve EIRs; those EIRs are approved by Council.
What happened with a recent project, for instance 2555 Park, the Planning
Director did not make the decision on the design review. Instead, that
decision was bumped up to the Council. The Council made the decision both
on the entitlement and on the EIR to comply with the State law requirement
that the decision maker needs to approve the EIR.

Mayor Holman: I guess where it's confusing to me is that the first section,
the 010, doesn't draw the clarity that you just provided in responding to
Tom, also provided. Jonathan.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) that language in the (inaudible).

Mr. Lait: I guess I'll say that if the Council wants to retain the—I guess the
confusion I had was that the CEQA guidelines, that we're updating by
throwing out the old CEQA guidelines and using the State guidelines, might
be some of the area where we have some language today that says the
process of going to the PTC and then to the City Council for the EIR. If the
Council wants to reserve the review authority for EIRs, that's fine. That's a
process that we can embed in here. As far as the first part of the ordinance
                                                                         Page 96 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
