                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Right, that's correct. I have another, I think,
language that can modify the revised language at our places. I'll just say it
said direct Staff to develop funding options for the project.             I was
considering language to the effect of "and other recycling alternatives and
return to Council with specific recommendations." It's not just focused on
the non-potable recycling alternative. I won't belabor this at this hour. It
sounds like we're going to have the policy discussion that—the first of
several policy discussions that I've been looking forward to for a year. As
this was on the horizon, I frankly asked Staff informally, "Are we going to
have a policy discussion that allows us to figure out is this the right course?"
Five years ago, as Phil knows, when this started to come forward, I was very
enthusiastic about expanding the non-potable recycling, because it seemed
to be the one alternative that was really there. Now, we have other serious
alternatives. It may sound contradictory, because I'm as enthusiastic as
anyone about expanding our recycled water and creating a sustainable water
supply system. I do want to just say that when we go into this discussion in
the future, we want to start thinking about not only the technical issues and
the financial ones, but as part of the financial the business models. Right
now we produce non-potable recycled water by our Public Works
Department. We give it away, and it's consumed by entities that otherwise
would be buying Hetch Hetchy water at $1,800 an acre foot from out Utilities
Department. If we go into potable water, is that a commodity that would be
then sold by Public Works or Utilities? Our wastewater treatment plant,
though, is co-owned or shared by six entities, five cities and Stanford. They
are the input agent, the supplier of dirty water to there. Out will come
possibly one form of clean water, non-potable or potable, in the future. Who
gets that water and at what price? Just like we have a question today of
whether the future is giving away electricity free for charging electric
vehicles at public stations, it's really a reconsideration of whether we should
be giving away valuable water worth soon to be over $2,000 an acre foot
and giving it away or some fraction of that $2,000 if it's not the same quality
as the Hetch Hetchy water.             We're going to have some important
considerations in that discussion. I just wanted to have people start thinking
about the framing of them. They're going to be complicated discussions. I
can wait if Staff doesn't get them ...

Mr. Bobel: The only thing I wanted to follow up on, you raise a lot of good
policy concerns which I think will be the subject of when we come back to
you, the broad array of options that we have. I did want to address a little
more—we were frankly scrambling to find this Attachment B. Our apologies
here. Now, we've found it. I've not seen anything in there that you should
be nervous about. It says the Council approves a modification to the Long
Range Facilities Plan which was previously accepted by the City in 2012.

                                                                        Page 113 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
