                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Yes, they still wanted automatic raises. I remember
thinking back on that, because it seemed outrageous at the beginning. Then
I thought it's really true. Different bosses rank their employees very
differently. Some are willing to put up with far more—what I think of as a
far less performance overall than some of the rest of us might want. Maybe
you can say it differently, Deb.

Ms. Figone: No, you said it right. Mary's been in far more cities than I
have.    Nobody's really ever completely satisfied with the performance
evaluation process.

Ms. Egan: What a lot of cities are doing with their rank and file employees is
going to coaching conversations and eliminating the form. Using it only for
probation or putting a person on a performance improvement plan if they're
struggling, and then having coaching conversations. Maybe in the future
that's something Palo Alto will consider. We try to make sure this isn't a
painful process, this is a developmental process, this is a place to grow. We
think these are important conversations that you have with your appointed
officials.

Council Member Kniss: At the end of this whole process, the whole goal is to
give feedback that allows an employee to improve.

Ms. Egan: Absolutely. It's one of the few times you can talk with them in
Closed Session and a way on these topics that is meaningful.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Pat, just a comment. I was just looking through the
preliminary performance evaluations that came out of the surveys, both the
direct reports and the surveys of Council Members. My impression was that
you got at a lot of critical issues and presented the material well. I
remember there being questions about the direct reports. It was unclear at
this point how many direct reports had reported, was it really a
manifestation of everyone or just ...

Ms. Figone: Large numbers or small numbers.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I thought that the performance evaluation that you
came up with reflected a broad set of issues and pretty clearly delineated
examples of what were in there.

Ms. Figone: Good, thank you.

Chair Burt: I was going to ask also. I presume it wasn't intended to be part
of this meeting to get input from the CAOs. I think this is the first time I


                                                                                    Page 15 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
