                         TRANSCRIPT
in our community as well as the children and youth in our community.
Given the aging population, I told you that more EMS calls are going to
continue on. We're engaging community volunteers in using good, old
fashioned, hands-on, hands only CPR and combining that in only the way
that we could here in the Bay Area with technology. An application that was
created in the Bay Area called PulsePoint that we have talked about before
and that is connecting community volunteers with automated defibrillators.
When the emergency occurs, the citizens can get involved before the fire
crews or police officers respond. Yesterday we had over 200 community
members attend our first annual, hopefully first annual, community health
and wellness fair that was to celebrate not just the 40th anniversary, but to
celebrate community. The picture that I love best is this one on the right.
We trained yesterday 77 community volunteers, many of them youth, in
hands only CPR. The only way that you could get a bowl of the delicious
award-winning firefighters chili was to learn hands only CPR. The important
thing is we have 77 new volunteers in the community that are trained in
CPR. One of the comments that was posted online from Art Lieberman,
who's well known to the community, he states, "At the Mitchell Park event, I
was extremely impressed by the number of volunteers in the community of
all ages, but especially young people who contribute time and effort and
they're learning the techniques and technology of EMS. They were there to
show what they know and what they can do. Being an EMS is not an easy
task, and their participation and dedication is an inspiration. If anyone
needed to know about the community spirit of Palo Alto, you just had to talk
with one or more of these young people." Thank you. I will end this with
our mission statement. We're a professional team of men and women
dedicated to safeguarding the community, safeguarding and enriching the
lives of anyone, anytime, anywhere with compassion and pride. Thanks for
your time.

Mayor Holman: I'm glad you mentioned the event yesterday. It was a well-
attended event, especially well attended by the volunteers. It was pretty
darned impressive. Very much appreciate that. I think you mentioned the
number of volunteers that were trained to do CPR, but a lot of those were
young people, really young people. Thank you so much for that. I want to
also thank Catherine Capriles for being here this evening. Thank you.

2.   Selection of Applicants to Interview on June 4, 2015 for the
     Architectural Review Board.

Mayor Holman: Motion please.




                                                                        Page 3 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
