                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss:    It's why Council Member Klein is still serving, ex-
Council Member.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, did you get your question answered?

Council Member Burt: Yeah.

Council Member Wolbach: I was just going to point out as you'll see on Page
791 of the Packet, this person does not even need to be a member of our
City Council.

Council Member Filseth: I was going to say the same thing Cory said.

Mayor Holman: Do we have any offers for...

Council Member Scharff: I'll be the alternate.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff
to appoint Vice Mayor Schmid to the Board of Directors and Council Member
Scharff as Alternate of the Bay Area Water Supply and Conservation Agency
and the Bay Area Regional Water System Financing Authority.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Wolbach: I'll make this brief. Last week as Liaison to the
Palo Alto Housing Corporation, I attended the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation's annual meeting. It was a good meeting. A couple of things
out of that. One, there is a new organization starting in the region called
Silicon Valley at Home, focused on advocacy and education around
affordable housing in particular. Also a couple of comments from members
of the Board of the Palo Alto Housing Corporation. In relation to Planned
Community coming back to Council for discussion, at least one member of
the Palo Alto Housing Corporation Board pointed out that in their opinion
affordable housing is a public benefit. They also discussed density rules and
the need to have a certain level of density in order to successfully have
financing for affordable housing.       If something like that or density
allowances aren't allowed in the future for affordable housing, they
suggested at least exploring ideas of something like an affordable housing
overlay to allow for higher density for affordable housing, if it's not done
through something like the Planned Community process. Also, I know we
are still working on our own aspects of Buena Vista, but there was some
discussion of possible temporary or relocation sites on properties owned by
the Palo Alto Housing Corporation. Lastly, just anecdotally, they're also

04/20/2015                                                             117- 347
