                             MINUTES
closely met the Council's concerns or utilize the higher value of the two
appraisals. Disabled tenants should have a right to appeal the relocation
assistance. Disabled residents would not learn the full amount of relocation
assistance until after meeting with the relocation specialist. Not affording
disabled tenants the same opportunities to appeal a final relocation package
as nondisabled tenants raised fair housing issues. She requested Section (b)
be clarified to mean six months before, and Section (c) clarify that the park
owner's notice would be issued after the appeal process had been
completed.

Council Member Scharff wanted to hear from both parties prior to Council
Members offering suggestions. He had not planned on making changes
based on input from the parties.

Ms. Aziz agreed with instructing the appraiser to consider schools and safety
and other factors.

Ms. Nanda did not believe the Council was amending mitigation assistance,
but rather the Ordinance. The Council could not do that in the appeal
process. She preserved that objection for the record and a possible appeal.
As she understood it, the Council was issuing a decision that stated the
Council would approve the application to close the park with the mitigation
assistance contained in Exhibit A of the Hearing Officer's decision in the
Motion. If the park owner chose to accept the proposals, then on May 5,
2015 the park owner could issue a six-month notice of termination of
tenancy under the Civil Code. That was the result of an approval of an
application for conversion under the Ordinance. Ms. Aziz wanted the park
owner to obtain all these new appraisals before issuing any notice of
termination of tenancy. The amended RIR, as approved by the Hearing
Officer, stated that the park owner would provide an updated appraisal
within six months of the residents' relocation. She did not understand that
logic given that the Council's Motion stated the Hearing Officer's decision
was final. The Council wanted to affect the outcome of the appraisals which
the park owner voluntarily agreed to update. If the Council approved the
application for conversion on May 4, then the park owner had the legal right
to begin the closure of the park the following day.

Council Member Burt did not believe comments from the appellant were
intended to be incorporated into his proposed language for the Motion. The
Motion stated that final appraisals would be performed in the subsequent six
months. In revising the methodology, he assumed the appraiser would
determine a factor that revised appraisals performed subsequent to the
closure notification. The Council was not asking the appraiser to perform
revised appraisals prior to approval of the closure plan. The appraiser would

                                                                       Page 30 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
