                          TRANSCRIPT
people bought Electric Vehicles (EV). The thing that changes it dramatically
is new heat pump-based furnaces are remarkably more efficient than old
electric furnaces. Fuel switching would have probably made no sense at all
as recently as five or ten years ago. As anyone who has shopped for a
furnace recently knows, new furnaces based on heat pump technology are
incredibly more efficient than old ones, and the same unit works as a heater
and as an air conditioner. They're both very efficient. Indeed, maybe this
makes a lot of sense, but it's still a dynamic situation. Sustained drought
means there's going to be less hydroelectric energy. That's going to put
more burden on gas-fired power plants. It's still true that solar is not a good
match for our 24-hour load profile. The only reason we can survive with so
much solar in Palo Alto is we get our electricity off of the grid through PG&E,
a grid that's balanced with the help of gas turbines. That's the sort of thing
that's on my mind as we consider this issue. The approach I bring to it and
one that I encourage all of us to bring to it is that it's not just about a
headline that allows us to brag to the world that we've reduced our carbon
footprint, but that we've done it in a thoughtful and meaningful way. Part of
helping to get there can be to reach out to some experts in the community
who know more than any of us. Thanks a lot for this opportunity and the
opportunity to serve and work with you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you so very much for your comments, Commissioner
Eglash.

Council Member Filseth: A couple of brief ones here. First of all, I too would
like to thank everybody on the Advisory Commission for this. The utilities is
really fundamental with so many people in Palo Alto, and there's such a
huge amount of money involved and City funds involved in this. The role of
the citizens' advisory commission is important. Thank you all very much for
contributing your time and intellectual investment into this. Just a couple of
things. I appreciate Commissioner Melton's comments on priorities. I
agree. Reliability in keeping the power on and the water running has got to
be absolutely top priority. In terms of how do we move forward on that and
how much will it cost and explain the costs, as Council Member Burt
commented, is really important. I've lived here for 25 years, and every year
or two we get a new report from the United States Geological Survey
(USGS) that says the probability of a major earthquake in the bay area has
increased. It's coming, so we need to be secure. That's obviously not the
only source. In terms of Fiber to the Premises, pending the analysis of
course, my inclination is that irrespective of whether we choose to work with
a Google or an AT&T or somebody like that, the City ought to own the
physical infrastructure. Anything you need to dig a trench for, the City
ought to own, irrespective of whether we do something with the other folks
or not, because it's natural monopoly territory just like a power grid. I have

04/20/2015                                                             117- 279
