                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I hate to do this at this hour. Is there a way to circle back and
just simply state what the intention here is without doing the math on it
initially?

Council Member DuBois: I could speak to the motion from that perspective,
if that's useful.

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: I think the overall cap is really meaning to
represent the balance of what we want in the City. I think there's a feeling
right now we've gotten ahead of ourselves in terms of residential versus
nonresidential. I'm starting to view this next Comp Plan as a time where we
catch up on the residential side. I think we're seeing evidence that we're
falling behind on our commitments to things like parks. Council Member
Kniss talked to one School Board member; I've talked to others. Again, our
schools are very large at this point. I think we want to evaluate some
scenarios for nonresidential development, kind of pacing the growth at a rate
that our infrastructure can absorb over the 15 years. I think that's where
this idea is coming from. I think this idea also hopefully creates some space
for housing.     We talk about housing Downtown.          It loses out in the
competition to other kinds of development right now. If we never have a
cap that takes effect, we're never going to see kind of that shift of balance.
Again, a lot of what we've already talked about, some kind of pacing
mechanism, some kind of quality metrics for the projects that do happen, I
think that's the intent.

Mr. Keene: Isn't there a way to say something like that in shorter words
without having to debate what the kind of—my reaction is trying to prescribe
some numbers tonight on one of the most essential, important issues in the
Comp Plan, I mean really, at this hour almost out of the blue. Rather than
asking the CAC, you're trying to deal with pacing. Hillary's point was a great
one. There's nothing that would say you've got to use up all of this capacity
in 15 years. You may get feedback from even smaller pacing, particularly
when people are talking about the residential mix. I mean this with all
respect. It seems rather arbitrary to be plucking out some numbers right
now tonight and limiting what you do with the CAC as opposed to you want
to be sure the existing cap is applied Citywide on all nonresidential when to
explore different pacing mechanisms that allow you to sort of manage the
amount of nonresidential to deal with what you were talking about, Tom.

Council Member DuBois: I too was under the impression that we would have
input into the scenarios that we did DEIRs on. I was surprised that those
scenarios have left already. I think we were looking at—this is one of the

                                                                      Page 106 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
