                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I can buy that. Ecosystem is not in the Vision Statement.
If the maker of the Motion would be agreeable to adding that, and we'll
leave the language to the Staff.

Council Member Scharff: When you say ecosystem, it's the ...

Mayor Holman: That's the third bullet again on Page 3. I did not find that in
the Vision Statement.

Council Member DuBois: Again, you're talking about restoration?

Mayor Holman: Hold on just—Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I think that sentence that the Planning
Director just read covered both conservation and restoration.

Council Member Scharff: Yeah. It says they'll be (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: It doesn't talk about our ecosystem. It's a system that
we're talking about. I see Shani Kleinhaus nodding her head. We're talking
about systems here, ecosystems, not just elements of the environment.
That's why I think ecosystem is important to put in here.

Council Member Scharff: I think it covers it. I'm good with it.

Mayor Holman:      I'll offer it as a separate amendment then, to add
ecosystems to the current vision statement. Looking for a second.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member XX to
add to the Motion, “add ecosystems to the Vision Statement.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: I think we decided to add the fourth bullet to the Safety
chapter. Is that correct?

Council Member Scharff: That's correct.

Mayor Holman:      Council Member Wolbach, were you wanting to say
something?

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I would suggest that as a resource that
we add Bullet Point 4 to this. We can talk further about safety—ensuring it
from damage in the Safety Element. Water as a resource is important in
this element. I'm seeing nods from the Planning Director who mentioned


                                                                         Page 47 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
