                          TRANSCRIPT
want to have Mr. Bartel accessible to the whole Council as well. I don't see
how we're going to do that by Vice Mayor mentioned September. This is
September.

Mr. Keene: He meant (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: December, okay. That's very different then, yeah. Also, I
had mentioned to the Vice Mayor earlier, I feel a bit like we're in the briar
patch. I kept looking for like, okay, we'll find our way out of here. Surely
there are better answers than not, but it is hard to disseminate those. I'm
splitting the baby here of, yes, Finance is fine, but I don't want there to just
be then a minimal report to Council. We need to all understand this very
fully and have access to Mr. Bartel.

Mr. Perez: That's a excellent point. If you recall, some of you that were
here, that's exactly what we did with the retiree medical. It is a big, meaty
issue. It worked well because we worked out some of the nuts and bolts at
Finance, and we brought it back. It was a little more focused of a discussion
instead of this big, wide picture. Good comments taken well.

Council Member Burt: My thoughts are along the same lines as yours and
what Lalo described of what we did when we did the retiree medical. If it
was to have the Finance Committee help flush out various options and have
them have more meat on the bone when they come back to the Council for
full consideration, that would be reasonable in my mind. If it was the
Finance Committee making a recommendation or determination on behalf of
the whole Council, I would not go along with that. This conversation got into
this process. We still have the question of whether we're going to ask some
additional questions tonight.     I'll set that aside until we make this
determination.

Mayor Holman: Yes, please and thank you.

Council Member DuBois: That was actually where I wanted to go. I think
we should maybe use this time to ask some more questions of Staff, and we
get ideas from all of us out on the table. Maybe we each get five minutes.
Let's cap the amount of time we spend, but let's continue the Study Session,
and then send it to the Finance Committee.

Mayor Holman: I'm good with that. I just want to also establish where
we're going to go going forward. Council Member DuBois, would you care to
start us off.

Council Member DuBois: Sure. I had some quick questions.

                                                                          Page 18 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
