                         TRANSCRIPT
applications have been put in in other parts of the City. That wouldn't take a
ton of Staff work, right?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I concur that Staff is already looking at this Citywide,
and it's just going to be a different column on a spreadsheet. I don't think
it's a big deal. I think it'll be informative to the Comp Plan process as well
as to us. We say a report. Is this intended as an informational report?
Then we could always choose to agendize it if we saw a problem.

Mayor Holman: Exactly.

Council Member Burt:     If we add informational report, that would get my
support.

Council Member Wolbach: It would be an informational report on office and
R&D development applications outside of the boundaries.

Mayor Holman: I'm fine with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman:         I mean, this is moving in a much more
responsible direction, but what's this "with potential action"? It's an
informational report with potential action on office.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, we should drop the potential action part.

Council Member Berman: If that's stricken, then this is a whole different
thing that I'd be more comfortable with.

Council Member Wolbach: I would be okay with that.

Mayor Holman: Those are ...

Council Member Berman: I mean, what kind of potential action is the maker
of the Motion ...

Mayor Holman: Those are kind of conflicting. The information report—
Council Member Burt, you'd suggested the information report, but it is kind
of conflicting.

Council Member Burt: I just would like it if we don't characterize Motions as
being responsible or irresponsible. I think we could move along a lot better
if we don't do that.

                                                                       Page 94 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
