                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: It's a map in the Comp Plan that was amended in 2011 by
Council action.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The wording in the Comp Plan refers to the map in the
1989 study, which is quite different.

Mayor Holman: Map L-6 is a part of the Comp Plan. It's in the Comp Plan.

Vice Mayor Schmid: My point here is it's important that we get clear on
what we're stating. I want to just contrast the motion on the table with the
original motion. The differences are you've added jobs-housing balance; you
say pacing mechanisms for office, medical office and R&D. If you look at the
numbers given by the Congestion Management Program, what we are
covering in this is approximately 40 percent of the growth that has taken
place over the period 2001 to 2015. Voting for the substitute motion
indicates that we're only interested in looking at, say, around 40 percent of
the growth that will be taking place. The original intent of this was to take
care of the traffic issue that was impinging on town. Leaving out 60 percent
of the elements that produce traffic doesn't deal with the issue they were
dealing with in 1998. It doesn't deal with the issue we're dealing with in
2015. I think the substitute motion, you have to take into account they're
asking them to do half the job.

Mayor Holman: Can I just add one thing to this? The DEIR is going to come
to us. Vice Mayor Schmid, you're mentioning traffic and traffic impacts. The
DEIR is going to come to us anyway. We will be looking at that at that time.
We don't have to include it in this motion. Does that make sense?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Are we looking at the traffic impacts of total growth or
only the office, R&D?

Mayor Holman: Total growth in the EIR. Total growth in the EIR. The EIR
encompasses all.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We don't know what the ...

Council Member Burt: Call the question.

Mayor Holman: Remind me. Does call the question require a second?

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: Whether or not, we have a second.

CALL THE QUESTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to call the question.
                                                                     Page 118 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
