                          TRANSCRIPT
what I'm looking to write into this Motion. I'm not sure how to accomplish
that.

Mr. Keene: May I make a suggestion, even though it probably complicates it
all? There's two or three things in general that are most important to you,
wanting to issue some directive. It's general but it's specific. You want to
protect ground-floor retail. You want to manage the nature of some of that
ground-floor retail as it relates to formula and not. Those seem like the
most crucial things. Is there some way that there could be some parallel
directive in a general way that goes to the Commission that says, "As you're
looking at it, if you run into some question about priority, look for this. We
don't want to see this situation" as Council Member Scharff just described
taking place. "Therefore, don't be limited by how we've worded some of
these other things." You want to be sure that there aren't conversions on
the ground floor that diminish the existing retail situation or diminish the
future potential. I'm not sure that that's exactly right.

Council Member Scharff: Staff is in the best position to know where these
applications are, how quickly they're likely to move forward, where they are,
how much time you have. You're in the position; we aren't. The P&TC's not
really in that position, nor is the Architectural Review Board (ARB). In fact a
lot of those, unless they're asking for exceptions, go to ARB. The question is
how much time do we have. We need to have Staff tailor the schedule to
that point.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. We have not done an
analysis of pipeline projects that would be implicated by this Ordinance. We
would need to do that analysis, and it would have to be addressed in the
Ordinance we bring forward. We're going to have to have an effective date,
and we're going to have to determine collectively, the Council's going to
have to determine how we treat applications that are in process. I don't
know the details of the specific site that you're referring to, but that will take
further investigation.

Council Member Scharff: What should I put in here to direct you to do that?
That's the most important thing we could do tonight, ensure that future
developments, and right there on Cambridge we have talked about a site.
Isn't that where your barber is, Council Member Burt? When we had that
discussion, I said it was all office on the ground floor, and you reminded me
that the barber is there too. It's that block.

Council Member Burt: When you said there's no retail, I said Fred's going to
be surprised.


                                                                           Page 93 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
