                         TRANSCRIPT
construction within the creek. The freeway reconfiguration on 101, however,
we expect to be continuous over the three-year duration of the project. As
Council is well aware, it has already triggered some significant traffic
backups on the 101 freeway with motorists diverting onto local streets.
We've been in touch with Caltrans who is now very aware of the need to
better manage the traffic and minimize disruption and spillover into
residential neighborhoods. We have information on the City's website at
cityofpaloalto.org/us101 that includes links to the Caltrans project page.
Folks can also sign up on the Caltrans project site to receive updates and
construction alerts on the project. We will keep the Council and the
community updated. We were surprised by this schedule, I'll be honest.
We'll have more updates to the Council, but I know some of our
neighborhoods have been especially concerned. Lastly a reminder. I know
that we had at least one speaker, of course, last week on World Music Day.
Just a reminder that on Sunday, June 21st, from 3:00 to 7:30 P.M. on
University Avenue, we will close University Avenue to traffic, and there will
be performances there and at King Plaza at City Hall sponsored by the Palo
Alto Recreation Foundation and Stanford Federal Credit Union. This is a
music festival that takes place on every Father's Day. Those of you who
have been there, it's quite a fun event. Folks who have not made it,
encourage people to try to come out next Sunday, June 21st, from 3:00 to
7:30 P.M. That's all I have to report.

Oral Communications

None.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: I see no indication to pull anything, got no word of that.
We need a motion for approval of Consent Calendar.

Vice Mayor Schmid: So moved.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Vice Mayor Schmid, second by Council Member
Wolbach, to approve the Consent Calendar.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-12A.

2.      Approve and Authorize the City Manager or Designee to Execute the
        Following Energy Efficiency Evaluation Support Contracts in a
        Combined Not to Exceed Amount of $250,000 per Year for a Three-
                                                                       Page 5 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
