                          TRANSCRIPT
area, both our land and the school's land, than we're going to be able to
meet. Adding the Police Building would further take away from what we
could do at that site. It's too little land to begin with. On top of that, I don't
think the location is ideal either. It's not very centrally located. I would not
support that. I share with the City Manager questions on the parking
program for the Public Safety Building, this 114 visitors/Staff. It seems like
a high number. Once again, these kinds of things are driving a limitation on
the alternatives that we can consider. I encourage that. I look forward to
having that in the next discussion.

Council Member DuBois: As a new Council Member, this isn't Groundhog
Day for me yet. I may ask some basic questions. My fundamental question
is how much square feet is required. There's the 48,000 from June of last
year; is that the need? How much square feet do we need?

Mr. Eggleston: We can still evaluate that, and we plan to do that in our next
phase. There has been a lot of work put into that over the years. I would
expect that any changes that were made would probably be fairly minor.
We talked about the Blue Ribbon Task Force number of about 50,000 square
feet. I was just looking over the Blue Ribbon Task Force report again this
morning. I forget the exact number, but I think it referenced them starting
out with a number more like 65,000 square feet. That had been the number
when the Task Force began its work. They actually did a lot of work to
reduce that to the 50,000 number. With the addition of the Office of
Emergency Services and Fire admin to that program, we're actually down
closer to 45.

Mr. Keene: We did a lot of work on the architectural program and the size.
We went through lots of different alternatives. That program informed a
building design that we even got close to 35 percent design drawings on the
building. The program makes sense now. That being said, like any project,
site or cost constraints or anything else could come into play. There are
times you do value engineer your program down, because of those factors.
Our thinking right now is that if we can accommodate this within the
construction budget for now, this is the program that is optimal and makes
sense at the same time.

Council Member DuBois: On the 114 parking number, how much of that is
Staff and how much is visitor? If you know.

Mr. Eggleston: No, I’m afraid offhand I don't have that.

Mr. Keene: I look back to Michael Ross. I don't think he's got that number
either. Clearly, we all even instinctively share the concern that it seems like
a lot.
                                                                           Page 42 of 63
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/6/15
