                          TRANSCRIPT
supply chain at all. It takes constant vigilance and follow-up, because we're
always getting new vendors. We are talking about a lot of different things
that we could do to try to make sure it stays on the front of people's radar,
including when we make our own purchases, that we need to make sure that
for things that we know usually have plastic foam, like our computers, it
needs to be in our specifications as well as our terms and conditions. People
can miss the fine print, and we know we need to take some steps to make
sure people don't miss that. That help?

Mr. Bobel: Let me just add to that as an example with monitors from HP.
HP would say there are alternatives. For certain products, they've made a
commitment and they've followed up on it to use alternatives to foam. The
monitors, though, essentially all of them come from overseas, a large
country overseas that you're all familiar with. Essentially all of them either
come from there or another overseas country. There is no alternative, if you
want to call it that. That's what they would say. It's difficult for us to argue
with them. They can't find that product close to that price. They're not
manufactured anymore in this country; they're not shipped from this
country. Everybody overseas is using the Styrofoam. That's what they
would say. It's difficult for us to deal with. That's the next hurdle for us to
climb. As Julie called it, this primary packaging that comes from overseas.
We're going to use this recent example. We now have 400 of these things
that we just got, and we're saving them up, because they're so large, in a
container at the Water Quality Control Plant. When that is full, we're going
to drag some HP executives over there. We're going to say, "This is what
you gave us just recently." It's going to be one of those very large, 8 x 8 x
16 shipping containers. I'm going to drag some of them over there, and
Julie's going to give them the crocodile tears. We're going to say, "We've
got to solve this problem. We can't have another contract with you guys
that gets us this huge amount of Styrofoam that we've gotten this last
time." It's the next hurdle for us.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much for your commitment to this, again,
and for the Staff presentation and for bringing the ordinance forward. The
motion in front of us is to adopt the proposed ordinance amending Palo Alto
Municipal Code Chapter 5. ...

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: This is the amendment, the amended. 5.30, Plastic Foam
and Non-Recyclable Food Service Container and Packaging Items, and direct
Staff to return to Council on the Consent Calendar as soon as practical for
adoption of the ordinance. I believe that is the amended language that is in
front of us as the motion.

                                                                            Page 67 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
