                          TRANSCRIPT
City of Mountain View is tying knots in the process, making me do this and
making me do that. The excuse is usually safety, and it really doesn't have
much to do with it. I would like to say, because someone on the CPI side
referred to illegal. She said these laws have no rational basis. That is
illegal—or unlawful, sorry. Those experts may be quite correct. There's
maybe not an atom that's dangerous over at CPI. The argument against
having them there is not irrational. The fact that people object to the
possibility, however small, that is not irrational. The law is meant to reflect
reality. People from the very beginning have always had a prejudice against
industry. I remember, because I was around in the '50s, how Terman said
we could have a very good industrial complex. It would be different from
other industry that people have a prejudice against. People have a prejudice
against industry because it is ugly, because it is offensive and because it is
dangerous. Now, they have done a very good job about ugly. Not ugly.
There is one for that company, not ugly. It is dangerous.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. David Bomberger, who I believe is our last
speaker on this. Nope, we've got another card. David Bomberger to be
followed by Lydia Kou.

David Bomberger: David Bomber. I'm director of manufacturing at Target
Discovery. I thought I should raise the flag, seeing as how you started out
talking about us. One of my responsibilities is to fill out our Hazardous
Materials Business Plan every year. I must say I was astonished to see that
little red dot on my facility based on what I see in my Business Plan that I
file. The CUPA thresholds say 55 gallons of liquid, 500 pounds of solid. I
can control those by how often I have my hazardous waste pickup
scheduled. That's no issue. What does cause me a problem with the way
the ordinance is written is your restriction on 200 cubic feet of compressed
gas. If by that you mean my tank of liquid nitrogen, that causes me a
problem because I can't get rid of that. At the same time, that's only a
hazard to the people in the shop. It's not a hazard to people outside. I look
forward to having a conversation with your contractor about how we can
maybe make some changes.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you for coming.     Our final speaker on this item is
Lydia Kou.

Lydia Kou: I really don't mean to be last, but nobody brings up my concerns
so I have to come up and speak for myself. First, I just want to say good
evening, Council Members and Mayor Holman.           I don't like the word
receptors. It dehumanizes us. We are mothers and daughters and, I'm
sure, fathers and sons and uncles and so forth. There are disabled people in
our neighborhood and fragile. I really would like to use a different word.

                                                                            Page 59 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
