                          TRANSCRIPT
wireless options. I will go through each of these in quick summary, though I
will say that we recommend the first three, but not the fourth and I will
explain why. The first recommendation is that the City continue with its
extremely successful strategy of using existing City fiber and other facilities
to offer Wi-Fi in and around public buildings which has been done so far at
30 City facilities at remarkably low cost and with really efficient operations.
Expanding that strategy makes a whole lot of sense. As you can see from
the numbers on the screen, both the capital and operating costs are very
modest. The benefits are substantial both for City users and for public users
who are then able to take advantage of open Wi-Fi hotspots that are
essentially a small incremental cost on top of existing City assets that the
City already has invested in. The second scenario that we explored and that
we do recommend is that the City expand its wireless efforts to deploy a
point-to-multipoint network for City users. This would not be for public use.
This would be a secure network for critical uses by City employees,
particularly Utilities, Public Works, Public Safety and so on, so critical use.
In this case, once again, we have what we would consider a relatively
modest capital expenditure, a very modest annual operating cost. The
recommendation design and cost estimates are all based on a demonstrated
and documented need with respect to City users. The third scenario that we
considered and that we do recommend is that the City use Wi-Fi again to
deploy a targeted Public Safety wireless network. This is not a Citywide
ubiquitous Public Safety network; rather, it is a network of wireless hotspots
in some key areas that would be useable by Public Safety first responders
and other users. It would be in key areas where there is a demonstrated
and documented need for this kind of service. Again, in our experience, a
modest capital expenditure, modest operating costs given the considerable
benefits. Finally, we look at the potential for a Citywide ubiquitous public-
facing Wi-Fi network, that is, a network that would be deployed throughout
the City on a comprehensive basis and would be available to the public to
use for a fee. Essentially, the City getting into the wireless business. We
looked at this under two different scenarios. One where the City has
actually built a fiber to the home network which makes deploying a Wi-Fi
layer on top of that much easier and more cost effective from a technical
standpoint. We also looked at what it would take for the City to do Citywide
Wi-Fi without having a fiber to the home network, and the costs are much
higher and it's much less practical to actually achieve technically. Frankly,
we don't recommend that you proceed with this strategy for a range of
reasons. First, the technology is very challenging if you don't already have
Citywide fiber to the premises, which makes it much easier to just extend
from each fiber premise out a Wi-Fi hotspot, essentially achieving Citywide
ubiquity. Second, this is not an easy business in which to enter. Frankly,
it's significantly more challenging than even fiber to the home. The reason
for that is that wireless users, people who are willing to pay for wireless or
                                                                        Page 18 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
