                          TRANSCRIPT
Your Neighbor Grant program is an ongoing thing. Neighborhood Town
Halls, that's a new initiative that you've put out this year, two very
successful meetings. Again, all of our work. There's our Staff team in EOC
in one of many emergency preparedness exercises that ultimately link out to
not only responding to the community but strengthening emergency
preparedness for people in our community. In the realm of stewardship, a
lot of these things are just kind of a grab-bag of issues or programs or
planning efforts we've been involved in. The response to the drought. Your
direction on looking at the next phase of our carbon reduction plan as it
relates to greening our gas supplies in some ways.              The Parks and
Recreation Master Plan, our Climate Action Plan update, the Urban Forest
Master Plan. Things like looking backwards and forwards with your decision
on the Palo Alto History Museum. Even in recent weeks, the concern about
dewatering. The fourth value in a sense, the one that is most central to us
and of course to you all too as elected representatives of the high path of
public service, which is not only service to the public but it is service in
public which is a very special kind of demand and requires of us a set of
skills and a thickness of skin that in many other realms isn't required. I'm
here to tell you that we are very, very fortunate to have the leadership, the
commitment of smart, dedicated people in our organization. The arrival of
new folks. Down in the bottom right-hand corner, that's our newest NEO
class, New Employee Orientation. That's actually a small NEO class this
time. Every new employee comes in on the same day each month. They
spend two days in an immersion program learning about Palo Alto's history,
going to Stanford, touring every kind of nook and cranny in many ways of
our City, meeting with the Executive Leadership Team. After two days,
really having a sense of an organization for most of them when, like so
many of us, their first day on the job is to kind of go to their office or their
cubby or whatever it is. They're given a handbook and some keys and
whatever and start to work. Our ethic of service, as I said, informed by
place, community, stewardship and civics. We have a challenge, though,
this competition for talent that we've been talking about with the Council,
about how we can continue to attract in this environment where the cost of
living is so high, where the difficulty of commuting is increasing. We've got
to be an employer of choice for folks. In some ways that is who we are. As
I like to tell a lot of our new folks, think of us in many ways as a startup City
where you can come and work on things that you're not going to work on in
another place, because we're both small enough as a City and we have the
vision and the community that wants improvements and innovation. You
can have a career here that is worthwhile, that is beyond just the dollars and
cents of this work. We're in a year of transitions. Fortunately, we've made
a number of key hires. We've brought in two new Assistant City Managers
who are great additions. We've got a great new Chief Transportation
Official. We've promoted into Battalion Chiefs folks from our own Staff. I
                                                                           Page 8 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
