                         TRANSCRIPT
with the Fire Chief of Menlo Park bringing to our attention last week in the
paper that dying trees present a fire hazard, I am hoping that you will all
eventually be agreeable to an immediate moratorium on dewatering projects
and reopening this issue. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you very much.          Our final speaker on Oral
Communications is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. I'm beginning to
believe that there really is such a thing as an invisible hand that guides
economic progress and that this invisible hand is gently pushing the City
Council of Palo Alto to make every decision in the direction of raising the
value of Palo Alto real estate. I got this idea a few weeks ago sitting here
when Ms. Nanda, who was the lawyer for the Jissers, said "My clients have a
constitutional right to sell to whom they please at the price that they
please." I was thinking, "No, that's not true at all." You can only sell
depending on the use that the City of Palo Alto determines that your
property may be used for. I guess that's a tautology. Nobody can sell
unless you give permission to put a valuable use on that property. I thought
of this again when there was this donnybrook about the lawyers for the
Buena Vista asking if the deadline for protest could be extended until some
very promising negotiations could go forward. The answer was no, no,
couldn't do that. They sued, and that was the Jissers' excuse for not having
a meeting of the minds with the County and the City and the Buena Vista
trailer park. It wasn't just my idea. I heard from a very well-respected
spokesman the Palo Alto City Council has only to refuse to continue the
dishonest upgrading and upzoning of this—he didn't say, he wouldn't use a
word like that. He's much too conservative. He said that it is the zoning
that makes that property valuable and the possibility of more zoning. If Palo
Alto City Council simply refused to put in a high-value zoning, then these
people could stay where they were, because they're already providing an
adequate use to the economy of the town. It's not going to happen unless
the City Council acts one way or the other. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Our next item is an Action Item, which is Item Number 16.
I did want to note that the order of our agenda this evening has been
changed, and it's a bit unusual because of the late continuance of Item
Number 4 and because of some inflexibility as to timing of other items. We
recognize it's a bit unusual.




                                                                       Page 9 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
