                          TRANSCRIPT
dignity. With this in mind, we will: 1) commit to work with the owners in
order to understand their development goals and to develop a proposal that
appeals to them; 2) work with our partners in the County, City and
philanthropic community to identify and obtain the resources that will be
necessary to redevelop Buena Vista; 3) continue to meet with the Buena
Vista Residents Association and their legal representatives to ensure that our
plan will also meet the needs of the current and future residents; 4) meet
with the Palo Alto City officials in order to expedite the approval process and
to design a mobile home park that will meet the long-term needs of the
surrounding community; and 5) reach out to the local philanthropic groups
in order to ensure that our development plan accurately addresses the needs
of the entire community. I was also approached, just before I came up, to
be sure that I mention the fact that Caritas self-imposes rent control. We
would do this in this case as well. That would not be an issue; we do that
automatically. In closing, the Caritas Corporation is genuinely excited at the
prospect of redeveloping the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park, and we look
forward to transforming it into one of our lively and responsive communities
of which the County, City and local residents will be very proud. Thank you
for your time.

Erika Escalante, Buena Vista Residents Association: Good evening, Mayor
and Council Members and everyone here. I'm Erika Escalante, President of
the Buena Vista Residents Association. As you know this park closure
process has been very difficult on all the residents. Now we have a plan.
We've met a couple of times with Caritas, and we're very excited and
encouraged for the potential of this plan. This plan will allow residents to
continue to live in an affordable place and keep our community. We're very
thankful for that. If this plan goes forward, we encourage others to join in
with their support and resources to keep our community and to save our
homes, for this plan to work and for Caritas, the County and the City and for
the residents to save our community. Thank you.

Herb Borock: I'm going to speak on a different topic. On Monday evening
you made appointments to the Utilities Advisory Commission. As originally
advertised for recruitment, there were two positions available. At your
places you received the recommendation which you agreed to follow, that is
to also fill a vacancy that had just occurred. I believe that the Municipal
Code Chapter 2.16 on Boards and Commissions read in its entirety makes
clear that there's an obligation when a vacancy occurs that you don't
automatically fill it, but that you recruit for it. Sometimes people will not
apply for a position because they think a particular Commissioner or the
number of positions available or the Commission will continue to serve or
represent their needs. If a specific Commissioner was leaving, then people if
they knew about the vacancy would apply for the position. The word "shall"
                                                                          Page 4 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
