                             MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach inquired about the amount of flexibility with
respect to construction windows. Grade separations or trenching along the
Caltrain Corridor in part or all of Palo Alto would likely have significant
impacts on traffic during construction.

Ms. Lee reported the original target completion date was moved out 8-24
months because of the lack of construction windows.

Mayor Holman inquired about a timeframe for determining that one of the
alternative locations for PS-5 was equally adequate.

Ms. Lee indicated Caltrain staff was attempting to return in two to three
weeks with a determination of whether an alternative location was feasible.
They were awaiting the final due diligence.

Mayor Holman asked if the City and Caltrain could explore entering an MOU
or something of that nature when the decision was made.

Ms. Lee advised that the February 2015 JPB meeting would include a
discussion regarding the RFP for the Electrification Project. Assuming due
diligence was complete and provided no fatal flaws and Caltrain chose the
City's preferred site, that site would be included in the RFP. Caltrain
anticipated having some sort of customized MOU with each of the 17 cities
and three counties.

Mayor Holman requested that the Minutes of this meeting be placed in a
formal document as a formal communication to the Caltrain Board to
represent the City's views.

Stephen Rosenblum felt Caltrain should construct a grade-separated,
electrified system that resembled BART. Comments from Caltrain staff gave
him hope that the City could reach some conclusions regarding grade
separation. Caltrain staff should work with City Staff to identify methods to
mitigate grade-crossing impacts.

Herb Borock did not believe the City could have meaningful and successful
solutions unless it was equal partners with Caltrain. The City would not be
an equal partner if Caltrain had a certified EIR and project approval. The
Council should meet in Closed Session and determine a strategy that fulfilled
the City's needs.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, stated that Caltrain service was
complementary to the Council's goal of moving residents to public transit.
Working as partners with other cities could create funding for grade
separations and create additional capacity.

01/12/2015                                                            116- 307
