                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: The medical center and the business park would not be
part of Stanford?

Mr. Keene: That's correct. The Fire Chief mentioned this during his budget,
that we are carrying a pretty significant number of vacancies right now in
the Fire Department. It's driven by a number of factors, but one of them is
some of the uncertainty about where we're going with the contract. We
don't expect that we'd be in a situation where we don't continue to provide
services at close to the same level as we do. If we were to be in that
situation, we didn't want to be in one where we're having to layoff existing
firefighters. Having those vacancies open is a hedge against that option.
Obviously this is something we hope to resolve pretty quickly.

Vice Mayor Schmid:      There's no direct impact on the budget we are
approving. This is a potential.

Mr. Keene:     That's correct.   I would expect that if we do reach an
agreement, the nature of the conversations we're having is at a level that
would be at a cost to Stanford that is reduced from what it is right now.

Council Member Kniss: I'm glad to move it if you wish.

Council Member Scharff: Are you moving a tentative Motion to approve the
Fire and the Stanford-related budget?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: I would move approval unless you want to beat me
to it, Greg.

Council Member Scharff: I don't mind either way.         I moved it.     You're
welcome to move it, and I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, you made the Motion, seconded by
Council Member Scharff generously.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to tentatively approve the Police and Fire CIP Budgets related to
Stanford University.

Council Member Kniss: We've gone into it in a fair amount of detail. We
certainly spent a lot of time with it at Finance. Especially if there are no
other questions by Council, we would be ready for that tentative vote.

Mayor Holman: We will vote on the board for tentative approval of the
Police and Fire CIP budgets related to Stanford University. That passes
                                                                       Page 33 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/8/15
