                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: We'll defer to the Council. We're not retail specialists. It's an
area that we identified where we could do some additional analysis. If you
don't feel that's necessary, that's what we're here to find out.

Council Member Burt: First, I've got what are my goals. Let me lay them
out there. I want to see us be able to preserve what's best about what we
have in retail. That's one goal. That doesn't mean that we lock everything
in place. It's about the type of retail and given locations, the amount of it
and the boundaries that we might have there. Second, in that vein, I want
to see us strengthen the core, meaning California Avenue itself and those
spur streets most proximate to Cal. Ave., so the two parts of Birth for
instance and other examples like that. That goes to one of the issues with
Cal. Ave. is that we have this mixture. Unlike most of University, almost all
of University and the Downtown, we don't have continuous retail on Cal.
Ave. Frankly, a decade or two ago it couldn't have supported the retail up
and down Cal. Ave. We're having a transformation. We've had new
buildings and densification in that area, and we now have a far more
attractive streetscape that draws people to Cal. Ave. All those reasons have
made it a stronger retail environment. It's really important that over time
we begin to fill in those pockets in the retail that's there. This goes to one of
the key questions that the Mayor asked and we didn't have an answer to,
which is what happens if we demolish an existing building on Cal. Ave. that
does not have ground-floor retail. Do they have grandfathered in an
exemption to the retail requirement? If they do currently, I would want to
change the Code so that they don't going forward. On this retail boundaries,
the dilution argument has been overstated Downtown, but it's not infinite.
There is a point at which we can't support too much retail. Probably we'll
know we're close to that point when we stop hearing about retailers who are
being driven out of the community either by offices and we just shrink our
retail or we have local-serving retail that we value as community members
that's being driven out by retail that is not providing the goods and services
that residents need and that we have to go to another city to acquire.
Things like auto repair. Oops, that was another subject. That's the example
of the sorts of goods and services that we want to be able to continue to
have in our community. I will say that we have to look carefully at
expanding our retail zone. I'm supportive of some expansion here, but we
shouldn't go hog wild. It's more important to assure that Cal. Ave. itself and
those immediately adjacent, vibrant retail spur streets, fill in the gaps that
are gaps in retail right now. That won't happen overnight. This will be a
long-term thing. We want to make sure we don't degrade what we have and
that we begin to heal wounds in that retail fabric. The types of retail, this
was interesting new news that we may have a de facto constraint on
conversion of other retail to restaurants going forward, that we didn't have
in the past, because of this completion of the parking assessment district
                                                                          Page 56 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
