                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry, August 25th. It is late. With the idea
that we would vote just based on those written applications in two weeks, so
that new members are seated as quickly as possible. The second, to direct
Staff to reevaluate the schedule and propose an extended timeline, to add a
process for minority opinion, and that the CAC meetings would have written
Minutes and video recordings.

Council Member Burt: Second.

MOTION:     Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt:

A.    For Council to directly appoint five Citizen Advisory Committee for the
      Comprehensive Plan Update (CAC) Members, using criteria specifically
      focused on increased involvement of more neighborhoods south of
      Oregon Expressway, with a focus on neighborhood association
      involvement. Anyone can apply, using the previous application form.
      Timeline proposes accepting applications through August 25, with
      voting by Council in two weeks based on the written applications, so
      that new members are seated as quickly as possible; and

B.    To direct Staff to re-evaluate the schedule and propose an extended
      timeline; and

C.    To add a process for four CAC Members to submit a minority opinion if
      they desire; and

D.    The CAC meetings will have written minutes and video recordings.

Council Member DuBois: I was listening to your comments. I didn't speak
about Minutes and video, but I do think that's an important addition just to
make it more accessible.

Council Member Burt:       Just to throw in one other follow-up to your
comments about how does the PTC version get utilized. I think one of the
things that's missing from it is the rationale that they used for whatever
changes they made. We look at it and we may interpret things or try to
interpret it based on the change, but we have no explanation. Fortunately,
the co-chairs of the committee were both PTC members. I look to them to
help explain to the Committee and, where appropriate, to the Council if
there's kind of a confusion as to what was the intent, then they'll fill in the
blanks. That was just one thing I wanted to throw in. Other than that, I'm

                                                                       Page 123 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
