                          TRANSCRIPT
acknowledged at the first CAO Committee meeting, where you met us, that
we would take some risks and we would work through it. We all had some
experience on both sides of the table.         We would work through the
unknowns as we confronted them. We have surfaced in our report where
those unknowns have become an issue. We did mention that the contract
may need some amendment, and we do request that you allow us to work
with the City Manager in that regard. I think you all remember I raised
some of those issues with the administration and with the Council at some
key stages in this process. Really we just want to mention that today in the
interest of transparency, but really that's not our focus today. Our focus is
to debrief this process to make sure that your interests and ours get
factored into the discussions that may lead to a contract amendment and
clearly to the process that we'll take on again next year. I hope that that's
clear. We want to know what went well, what changes are desirable and
why, if there's any service level changes or approaches that might be of
interest that we could factor in moving forward, and then we do need to talk
about timeline, because before you know it we'll be back at this again as the
Council and Committee Members know. Let me stop there. I'm going to use
the report as our guide today to take us through the discussion. Mr. Chair, a
couple of options. I know that you've all been working hard this week. One
would be that I take you through the report and then we track back and go
over the issues. If we think we can monitor the discussion, we could take it
in pieces as I present. If you would like to try that way, we could approach
it that way.

Chair Burt: Let's do it in pieces. We're informal enough, and I think that
might let us keep (crosstalk).

Ms. Figone: The latter approach to keep us moving. Maybe just starting
with the basics. You have a report, and there are six attachments. What I'll
do is I'll approach this in the same order that the topics are presented in the
report. First, we'll talk about the process satisfaction survey, because that is
really the initial feedback that we've gotten from those who responded.
We'll use that as a launch point. Then, we'll move to the infamous by now
yellow matrix, that you're all very familiar with, which will allow us to just
talk about the overall process. I would recommend we zero in on issues by
exception. We'll see where that goes. Finally, we'll talk about timeline
considerations.     The report does have an executive summary.             The
significance of that is it recaps all the recommendations of the report. How
about if we just hold that and use it as a checklist, as a cross-check at the
end, just to make sure that we got through the issues? First of all, the
satisfaction survey in Attachment 1. I would say that overall we got very
good, positive and constructive feedback from the five respondents out of
the 14 invitees who were asked to participate. Hopefully that response rate
                                                                                      Page 3 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
