                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman would need time to consult with partners.

Council Member Wolbach requested a range for the cost.

Ms. Gitelman could not provide one. Mr. Kawahara estimated his current
scope of work at $12,000; therefore, the analysis cost could be in that
range.

Council Member Wolbach indicated the City could institute a RPP Program in
any neighborhood.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to eliminate paragraph 5, sentence 2 “If
occupants and users do not comply with the conditional use permit, the City
may initiate a Residential Parking Permit program for the neighborhood.”
from the Motion.

Council Member DuBois wanted to know how the City would enforce the
Conditional Use Permit without that language.

Ms. Gitelman requested clarification of the remaining sentence in that
paragraph. It did not reflect Council Member Burt's request for Staff to
explore a Condition of Approval for occupants to park in the garage.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to restate paragraph 5 as “Staff will explore a
condition of approval that requires the occupants and users of the building to
park in the garage.”

Council Member Wolbach felt the major concern was the negative impact of
the project on the jobs/housing imbalance.

Mayor Holman stated that CS Zoning allowed a 1:1 FAR. The Staff Report
indicated the commercial FAR was 10,770 feet, the total FAR was 26,926.
CS Zoning required the housing component be 16,156 square feet. The
project provided 13,979 square feet. The project lacked approximately
2,200 square feet of housing as required by the Code. That was important
because the pro forma could be based on something that was not the base.
The Applicant was not building three additional BMR units; it was converting
existing residential units to affordable units. She inquired whether the pro
forma utilized the correct basis.




                                                                        Page 32 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
