                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired about the City Attorney's rationale for not
allowing testimony and cross-examination.

Ms. Stump reported the Council had discretion in setting procedures. She
could not identify any type of Council proceeding held during her tenure that
proceeded as proposed by the Association's attorneys with witnesses, cross-
examination, etc.      Even the Hearing Officer used a more relaxed
administrative approach, which was typical. Under the proposed procedures,
every member of the public would have an opportunity to speak. Staff
proposed providing real-time Spanish translation and holding an appeal
hearing in the evening. Evidence presented to the Hearing Officer was fully
heard and transcribed; therefore, the Council did not need to go through
that process again. If the Association could identify new areas of evidence,
then the Council could allow that to be presented.

Council Member Burt understood one distinction to be formal courtroom-type
testimony versus statements made by the public.

Ms. Stump concurred. Staff suggested the Council give the parties' lawyers
an opportunity to summarize evidence and to argue their positions. Public
comment had to be taken at every Council meeting and would be taken at
an appeal hearing.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Council would decide whether a topic
was new and appropriate for additional testimony.

Ms. Stump remarked that that question illustrated the challenge of this type
of appeal proceeding before a multimember body. The Council would need
to hear the attorneys' arguments for whether a topic was new, evaluate
that, and make a decision. If the Council decided to allow additional
witnesses or additional tangible information, it could continue the hearing to
allow that to occur.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council would vote on secondary issues.

Ms. Stump answered yes.

Council Member DuBois believed the Association should be allowed to appeal
as it handled the previous hearing. He inquired whether concerns about the
standing of the Association should have been raised during the previous
hearing.

Ms. Stump advised that there were some questions about representation.
The Hearing Officer made a reasonable and appropriate judgment to allow
the Association to represent the interests of Park residents.

01/12/2015                                                             116- 318
