                              MINUTES
The Council had to discuss rate and type of growth for the future. The issue
concerned creating space in zoning for residential and retail at the expense
of Office/R&D.      It was time for a new kind of mixed use such as
retail/residential. The Council should ensure impacts were considered in the
Comprehensive Plan Update.        Staff asked the Council to consider two
scenarios in the Comprehensive Plan Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
process. Evaluating those scenarios was both wise and prudent. The transit
hub and the Transportation Management Association (TMA) would be located
Downtown; therefore, an annual cap would be logical. The Council should
agree on the need for a cap prior to discussing its creation. The Council
should consider immediate protection of ground-floor uses and conversion
from retail to office, density assumption changes, and exceptions. He was
interested in directing Staff to explore an annual cap as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update.

Mayor Holman indicated rental rates had been increasing without an office
cap. An interim moratorium or office cap could exacerbate that. With
respect to the lack of energy efficiency of older buildings, a 50-year old
building received the highest Green Business Award the prior week. Office
space was a component of the problem. An office cap or moratorium could
affect retail space and services. The Council should initiate an Interim
Ordinance as well as a cap in order to eliminate the Citywide conversion of
retail and service to office until the Council could determine zoning
parameters to protect retail and services. If the Council did not act, more
changes would occur that could not be reversed. If the Council did not act
with respect to office development, data would be collected in a mercurial
environment. Rather than implementing a cap or moratorium, the Council
could require full impact fees. Obtaining data from new initiatives would
take a long time.

Council Member Filseth noted the City had fixed limits similar to a cap. An
office space limit was surgical compared to a Floor Area Ratio (FAR) limit.
The advantage of a development cap was it provided a level of predictability
for the amount of office space to be developed.

Combined with Business Registry data, the City might be able to predict job
growth accurately over an extended period of years. An infinitely increasing
jobs/housing ratio was unsustainable. It was not complicated to slow office
growth while implementing TDM and other measures and zoning relief for
retail. If the Council directed Staff to consider limitations on office growth as
part of the Comprehensive Plan Update, nothing would happen for another
18 to 24 months. The Council should direct Staff to include an office
development cap within the Comprehensive Plan Update.



03/02/2015                                                                117- 43
