                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: No.

Mayor Holman: I'll offer that as a separate amendment.

Council Member Burt: I'll second.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Burt to
remove from the Motion “Specific Plan.”

Mayor Holman: It's specifically what Council Member Burt was referring to.
These are all tentative votes. This means that this cap would not apply at
this point in time to any of the specific plans. The South of Forest area plan
would come back with some information from the Director, when it comes,
about what that potentiality is.

Council Member Filseth: Does the cap cover the SOFA area?

Council Member Scharff: It does according to my motion.

Mayor Holman: It does or doesn't. It depends on what the information is
that comes back from Staff as part of the main motion. I want to take out
the specific wording "specific plan" after SOFA II. It is in the main motion.
It's the South of Forest Area II, or SOFA II. That's an area plan, not a
specific plan. Your intention is to include any other specific plans as part of
the main motion. Is that correct, Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff:     It’s a coordinated area plan or a specific plan.
Yes.

Mayor Holman: Let me get clear on this. Your only intention is to determine
whether you're going to include SOFA or not. Is that the only thing?

Council Member Scharff: No, I am not including SOFA. I'm asking for more
information on SOFA.

Mayor Holman: Your intention is not to include any other specific or area
plan should we develop one along the way and later.

Council Member Scharff: That's correct.

Mayor Holman: Then we don't need the amendment.

Council Member Scharff: No, no.

Mayor Holman: It doesn't seem to me that we do. Your ...


                                                                        Page 57 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
