                         TRANSCRIPT
of the facilities and, as you point out, the distance that the Water Treatment
Plant is from sensitive receptors. Let me ask Rod to respond to the
extremely hazard substance issue.

Mr. Worobel: Could you repeat the question please, so I make sure I get it
correctly?

Council Member DuBois: There's notes in here that we may eliminate
extremely hazardous substances. It wasn't clear why.

Mr. Worobel: Glad you're sitting down. When we first started down this
path of trying to identify different methods of screening different types of
facilities and looking at the different types of hazardous materials, we were
originally focused on toxic and highly toxic. There was a suggestion made
by the Barron Park neighbors to why not consider extremely hazardous
substances which are defined in the Federal regulations. We thought that
was a really good idea. It's actually something that's alluded to in the State
Health and Safety Code, so that when you prepare a Hazardous Materials
Business Plan, not only are you looking at the specific quantified CUPA
thresholds of 500 pounds, 55 gallons or 200 cubic feet of compressed gas,
but you also take a look at the extremely hazardous substances when those
substances exceed quantities that are defined as threshold planning
quantities. If you hold onto that thought for a moment. The way the Health
and Safety Code reads in the State, it suggests that businesses that exceed
the threshold planning quantities for extremely hazardous substances should
be preparing a Hazardous Materials Business Plan. When you go to the
CalARP regulations, the CalARP says we have a series of regulated
substances, including extremely hazardous substances, and we have three
different tables that you need to refer to. Table 3 identifies quantities at
which point a Risk Management Plan should be prepared, and those
businesses should be part of Tier 3. What we've actually got in our
definition for Tier 2 right now with the use of extremely hazardous
substances is something that just doesn't make sense, because it's actually
suggesting a definition for what should be part of Tier 3. That's why we're
having further discussions with Staff that suggest that perhaps the
extremely hazardous substances limitation be removed from the regulations.

Council Member DuBois:       They just wouldn't be allowed under Tier 2
essentially.

Mr. Worobel: Also because most of the extremely hazardous substances
tend to be covered by the toxic and highly toxic substances. They're not
identical. I think what we were facing is that if we don't use the threshold
planning quantities for the extremely hazardous substances, what lower

                                                                           Page 80 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
