                          TRANSCRIPT
airport and not give up our rights to control that airport by accepting funds.
Maybe it costs, but let's face the cost.          Number four, I would like
transparency, greater transparency in matters related to Palo Alto Airport.
For instance, I would like a reporting of noise complaints made to that
operation. So far in the year of ownership, I've not seen one noise report
made public. I know I complain. Also, I would like to have residents be
informed of any requests or applications for new operations at the City of
Palo Alto's Airport, new operations that will certainly, most certainly, have an
impact on our lives. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Esther Nigenda.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I'm here to talk about dewatering again. A lot
was said tonight about climate change and sustainability. I don't think any
sustainability can occur without looking at groundwater as a vital resource. I
gave each one of you a copy of the groundwater supply feasibility study by
Carollo Engineers which Keith Bennett referenced last week. I believe that
he emailed you the list of his analysis of this report and an earlier report. I
also wanted to call your attention to a really fantastic website put out by the
US Geological Survey. It's usggov.ed. It talks about the entire water cycle.
Of interest to me was infiltration, the way that precipitation becomes part of
our aquifers and the relationship between the different levels of aquifers and
groundwater. 713 South Hampton is still pumping. This is 18, 15, 16 days
after the mandatory cutoff. I wanted to speak of something that is also of
interest to our community which is This Thanksgiving Dinner which is put on
by the Downtown Streets and Innvision Service Community. It will be on
the 26th from 12:00 to 2:00. Leftover dinner will be on the 27th which is
Friday from 11:30 to 1:00 p.m. This will occur at All Saints Episcopal
Church, 555 Waverley Street.          If anyone in the community has not
participated in this wonderful event, you can go to the Innvision or
Thanksgiving Dinner website. There's a list of foods that you can bring or
prepare. All prepared food needs to be dropped off on Wednesday between
9:00 and 12:00. The Episcopal Church also contains the Food Closet. If you
have any cans or other foods that you would like to donate, that also can be
done at the same time. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Thanks so much.      Esther Nigenda to be followed by Phil
Harsh.

Esther Nigenda: Good evening. First of all, I want to thank City Council for
the approval of the incorporation of climate protection, climate adaptation
and sea level rise in the Land Use and Community Design Element of the
Comprehensive Plan. Pardon my ignorance, but I hope this directive of
incorporating climate change applies to the whole Plan, especially Goals 3

                                                                             Page 29 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
