                          TRANSCRIPT
recognize the right of the developer to build on this property. We would like
it to be more commensurate with the surrounding properties which are one-
story and two-stories today, and respectful of our property. Thank you very
much for listening, for your time today and for your consideration.

Rauer Pitthon, speaking for five people: I got into looking into this because
I live next door. It was my interest but then I noticed the City's objectives
in the City's final Environmental Impact Report. The objective is to develop
a new office building on the site that generates increased rental income and
increases the useable square footage by increasing the building height. I
read about the stacked parking scheme. I was taken aback that the highest
profit for the developer is the highest calling for City of Palo Alto. People
said, "Yeah, we know that in the long time. That's what they do." I cannot
show you because unfortunately the laser pointer doesn't work. I live on the
left side, and I go to my parking garage in the middle. I come out of the
parking garage on the ramp, which is very steep, on Grant Avenue. It is so
steep that sometimes when the top is blocked by a service vehicle, they put
rubber on the road to get up again. The critical point I come to is the
intersection for Park and Grant. During rush hour there are already 400 cars
in one direction. If I use the diagrams of traffic, then I scale up what you
have there, taking into account the different maximum speeds and bicycles.
That is equivalent to 2,200 cars on El Camino. It leads to a lot of problems
with people trying to get back into the garage crossing Park. I want to tell
you this. These things are already measured. The important parameter and
therefore anybody even without a stopwatch can do that, you count how
many cars are packed up on a piece of road. That basically defines speed
and (inaudible) flow. These are thousands and thousands of measurements,
and they all lie on one line. The line may change a little bit from place to
place, but it's always just one line. It's like a law. Does this get better? No.
As somebody said earlier, all these buildings have gone up. It's 154,000
square feet. The total cars which are used, parked or not, is 1,136. The
values (inaudible) which are in the Environmental Impact Report. It's over
10,000 trips. That is all around Park and two side streets. When I first read
this, I was taken aback a little bit. It sounded like I was reading the
instructions for Dungeons and Dragons 30 years ago. An office building is
next to it. A warehouse is behind it. There is a 50-foot high apartment
house. A 50-foot office is close by. There are residential buildings further
northwest. All traffic affects (inaudible). Our 94 neighbors with cars in Palo
Alto Central will leave before 8:00 a.m., and there will be no interference.
This is a picture they showed. It really looks like a nondescript residential
building next to a manufacturing plant which has fallen on hard times. In
reality, Palo Alto Central is around 2555 and it's more like a planned unit
development with townhouses with an underground garage. It has 104
residential and 30 commercial units. Grant Avenue is the driveway. That
                                                                         Page 54 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
