                          TRANSCRIPT
colleagues and came to the conclusion that it's already contained, that those
are elements of value that are contained within the appraisals that he did;
that it wouldn't be appropriate to do another methodology because it would
suggest some change; and that he didn't believe a change would occur. I
hope that's a little bit of clarification, Council Member DuBois. Really it could
come up in two different places under our Ordinance.

Council Member DuBois: We were also concerned about the limited number
of comparables in Palo Alto. That's why we were asking if there could be an
adjustment. We also had questions about the park as an ongoing concern
versus not and was that considered in the valuation.

Ms. Stump: As I understand it, Mr. Beccaria did look at evidence about
whether the announcement of a potential closure impacted the transaction
such that it would invalidate some of the comparables. The evidence that he
had, he said that he used comparables that were not impacted in that way.
That's based on, again, his independent review of the facts that were before
him.

Council Member DuBois: Is that an issue you think we could in a peer
review specifically call out to be examined?

Ms. Stump: Any competent appraiser is going to want to understand that.
As Mr. Beccaria acknowledged, he wanted to understand it and believed he
had. It seems to me that a professional appraiser who conducts a peer
review would also want to look at that issue and reach their own conclusion.
In terms of limited comparables in Palo Alto, any appraiser has to potentially
deal with a limited data set and draw some conclusions based on the data
that's there. I would think that would be another issue where a second
professional appraiser would need to look at that and draw appropriate
conclusions.

Council Member Berman: Like Council Member Scharff mentioned, thank
you everybody for your participation throughout the last couple of years. I
know it's been trying for everybody involved. It continues to get more
complicated. I agree that a peer review is a great idea. We're all going
through this for the first time. In hindsight, I wish I'd have thought of that 2
1/2 months ago. As the City Attorney appropriately mentioned, us on
Council aren't professional appraisers. The attorneys for the Residents
Association had their own appraiser do a review that, obviously and
rightfully so, was biased in favor of their client. To hire an independent
appraiser and ask them to review the appraisal that was done only makes
sense and is something I'll support. I agree with Council Member DuBois
that I don't think it's necessary to reduce the number of days for an appeal

                                                                         Page 22 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/26/15
