                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I was interested in the open source process. I
understand that this is a proposal to replace that. Correct? It would be in
addition to? Is that your understanding?

Ms. Gitelman: If I understand the Council's intention, we would form this
committee of appointed representatives. We would also solicit information
in an open source process. This committee would help us evaluate the input
that comes in through that open source process.

Council Member DuBois: These would be additional meetings not happening
at the same time. My concern is that members of the public diligently show
up and they're told they can only speak at the beginning or end of the
meeting and not participate. I would rather see, if people show up to a
majority of the meetings, they be treated like a full member of the
committee. If it was one meeting, if you're having separate meetings and
you're still going to do the open source, great. It's a busy time. We want
more participation, not less. There's a little bit of a feeling that you're not
included if you're not in the selected group. I would not want to discourage
people from participating.

Mayor Holman: I might just add a little bit, playing on the SOFA experience.
A lot of people come to meetings, but they don't consistently come to
meetings. The purpose of this is to have a group of people that consistently
comes to meetings, that listens to any input from any individuals or
representatives from groups or organizations. It's still open source, but this
is providing a steady continuum throughout the process.

Council Member Dubois: Would you be open to an Amendment that said
something like a member of the public would be entitled to participate
equally with the working group if they come to a majority of the meetings;
otherwise, they could only do it during the time for public comment?

Mayor Holman: That is totally counter to having a committee.

Council Member Burt: If we were talking about trying to have a large
volume of people participate in these big meetings, you really have to look
at the practical impact. How large of a group and subgroups can you have
that can work effectively? Our last Comprehensive Plan Advisory Committee
was pretty large; it was 30-plus people. Then they broke into subgroups on
Transportation and Housing and those things. They were manageable; there
might be six or eight people in a subgroup. In the SOFA process, we had
neighborhood representatives both representing the neighborhood as
stakeholders and then neighborhood folks who were also other stakeholder
representatives. Then we organized as a Neighborhood Advisory Group that
informed that representative.     If we go back and talk about classical
                                                                          Page 48 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
