                          TRASNCRIPT
seems to be further out, just says Fiscal Year 2017 to go back to Parks and
Rec. Which timeframe is it?

Mr. Anderson: Thanks for that question. I apologize for the lack of clarity.
My understanding right now—I'm getting support from Public Works on this
particular component of this process as they have more expertise in
hydrology. They're working on setting up this scope of work with me. This
timeframe I got from them. My understanding is that, again, we would put
this RFP together this week and next week, finish that part. Issue a notice
to proceed in November of this year, and then be able to come back to the
Parks Commission with an actual list of possible recommendations in June
2016.

Council Member DuBois: For me, if that length of time was ten years, I
would have a different opinion on keeping it closed. If you can stick to that
schedule, I support the unanimous recommendation of our Parks and Rec
Commission with that caveat that I'd like to see it come back in a year.
Thanks.

Council Member Scharff: I just wanted to follow up on Council Member
DuBois' question. Maybe I just didn't follow. June 2016 is when the
hydrology study is likely to be completed. From then on, we have to decide
what to do with it after we read the hydrology study. If that talked to
changing the creek to meander or something, I assume that would take a
substantial amount of time. Wouldn't you have to do at least an EIR or
wouldn't you have to do—I mean, aren't there all these riparian issues that
relate? Aren't creeks difficult to work in, I guess? I'm trying to figure out—
when Council Member DuBois said it could take ten years, it struck me that
it could take at least five years or six years to open it to the public. I didn't
think that was unrealistic if we move forward on this. I wanted to get your
sense of when you thought this would be open to the public.

Mr. de Geus: It all depends on the hydrology study. You're correct,
depending on what that tells us. If it tells us significant changes need to
happen to that creek, like realignment and other things, it could take quite
some time. As you know, permits and other things and working within a
creek bed to take (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: That's what I was getting at. I thought permits in
a creek bed were virtually an act of God. I am concerned this could be
closed for ten years. It did strike me that way. When I read the Staff
Report, I was unclear why you wouldn't go with alternative option, directing
the Staff to install the necessary fencing. I heard Commissioner Markevitch
say it was a safety issue, but when I read the Staff Report, if we spend

                                                                         Page 51 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
