                          TRASNCRIPT
Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. Mayor
Holman, it is correct that the item that's before you is for the five seats.
That's what the Council can take final action on tonight. Unexpectedly there
is another opening. If the Council finds it convenient, you could consider
this group of applicants and express a preference for filling a sixth vacancy,
decide if you want to do that or direct the City Manager to do that. If you
did want to identify someone who had the Council's support, we could then
bring that appointment back on a consent item on a future calendar. That
would streamline consideration of this item.

Council Member Wolbach: In light of that, what I'd suggest is that we
actually vote for six. Then when it comes time—my suggestion is we vote
for six. We select five and identify the sixth to be—we allow Staff to come
back with the sixth.

Mayor Holman:     I would think that we can't vote for six because it's not
agendized.

Ms. Stump: You can't take action on six tonight. The item's a little broader
than just the appointment of the five. It also includes the Council's input on
the work of the CAC and the schedule. If the Council wishes to identify a
sixth that we could bring back on consent, we can expedite then you having
another action item in the future. If you prefer, certainly there's no difficulty
at all if the Council prefers having a separate action item on a vacant
position at some point in the future.

Mayor Holman: Another way, of course, to approach this could be we vote
for the five, and then if it's close or not close for a sixth, then we can decide
at that point in time if we wanted to vote for a sixth in a straw poll kind of
manner.

Council Member Burt: I can go either way on this. I just want to say that
there was nothing magical about needing 22 voting members plus 3
nonvoting. We were trying to decide three to five additional members. We
should anticipate over the course of the next year and a half we will have
other members who will drop off. I think because it will be part way through
the process, we won't want to go through an exercise of adding members at
that time. That does lead to justification to maybe going through this
tonight because it's at the last point in the beginning of the process where
we would be willing to add members. I don't feel a necessity to add this
sixth one. I could go either way.

Council Member Wolbach: If it pleases the Chair, again I would suggest that
we go with six votes and do it that way. Keep it clean. I'll admit one of the
reasons I'm in favor of that is I've had a really hard time narrowing it down,
                                                                         Page 64 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
