                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I think there's one more clean-up that we should
delete "by the majority of." This was the wording from the UAC letter.

Council Member Burt: It's good enough.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part B, Subsection (i)
“by the majority of.”

Council Member Wolbach: Also, I'd like to hear Staff, especially legal Staff,
thoughts on—I know it's hard to eyeball it. Section E in particular, drafting
the ordinance. I just want to make sure if any Staff has any thoughts that
they'd like to weigh in about what the impact of that is on Staff drafting that.
I just wanted to open the opportunity for Staff to weigh in.

Ms. Stump: That's a good question. I'm, at the very highest level, familiar
with what a "dig once" ordinance might be, but I'm sure that there are a lot
of devils and a lot of details. I think we will need to explore with our
Development Services, our Utilities, our Public Works folks what some
detailed questions might be there. We may need to come back to Council if
we need further direction. Otherwise, if it's relatively straightforward, it's
something we can proceed with.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd suggest a friendly amendment to remove "as
soon as possible" so that Staff has an opportunity to start looking into it and
come back to us.

Council Member Burt: (crosstalk) as possible.

Ms. Stump: How about something in between? As soon as possible and as
much time as possible.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure what's—I don't think that if it's not—
I'm just worried that that language preempts Staff from working on other
projects which we've also prioritized. If there's something in the middle, I
think that's fine.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: It's conditioned on you voting for the motion, but
yeah I'll accept it.

                                                                         Page 67 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
