                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:      Shall we vote on the board please.            That passes
unanimously with nine present.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Vice Mayor Schmid:          Thanks very much for the update and for the
description of what's going on. On packet page 182, you have a list of our
strategic initiatives, the things we are most concerned about and involved
with. It's very important that we confirm that those seven things identified
are our critical initiatives. Number one is Prop 13. That continues to be up
there with the most important issues. "G" identifies sea level rise as
important, and that certainly is. It seems to me that the water and drought
issue is of equal importance. In the recent month or so, there's been a
couple of decisions in Sacramento about the protection of water rights pre-
1914. It would be important to have you monitoring that issue. If you do
find anything, to pass on early warnings to us.

Mr. De Luca: Certainly.

Council Member Berman: Following up on Council Member Scharff, I'd like
to make a motion that the City of Palo Alto support SB 16, which is Senator
Bell's transportation funding initiative. I can speak more to it, if I get a
second.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to support SB 16- Transportation Funding.

Council Member Berman:           We in Palo Alto have prioritized street
maintenance over the past five or six years. We've had a lot of success on
that. There are efforts in Sacramento to change the way that funding for
street maintenance is determined, but those won't be implemented for five
years, I think is the time horizon expected. SB 16, Senator Bell's bill, would
provide interim measures to increase funding for street maintenance over
the next five years through a variety of means, to stop the backlog and stop
roads from deteriorating even more which costs even more to repair.

Council Member Scharff: We've focused on infrastructure in our community.
Senator Bell is taking it statewide and trying to address the backlog of street
improvements and transportation funding. We should support this too. It's
on packet page 198. We have it under watch. Was there any particular
reason we had it under watch? Was there a reason why we shouldn't
support it?

                                                                         Page 42 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
