                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I'm afraid I don't follow you. There are 37 spaces here that
are not required because the site is in the Assessment District and has paid
assessments. There has been a financial commitment over time from this
site. I don't follow you any further than that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If the district has underfunded its sites, who bears the
responsibility of saying, "We have created a base problem of not filling the
needs for the permits we gave out"?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, Vice Mayor Schmid, we're straying far from the
agenda here. We have collected in-lieu fees over time and we have parking
garage construction in the Council's Infrastructure Plan. We have this RPP
Program in place with a number of other supply enhancements and
operational changes that we intend to make in Downtown Palo Alto. These
issues have been considered at length in other contexts, and it's probably
safe to leave it at that.

Mayor Holman: I have just a couple or three questions. One of them has to
do with retail and the rhythm of University Avenue especially in retail. As I
look at the plans on Plan Sheet A0.4, I'm doing this not with the scale I did
it earlier by counting the number of sidewalk squares, I guess you could call
it, which seems to be a reasonable way to do that. They seem to be
consistent. It seems to me that there's about 30 feet from the last retail
entry to the corner of Kipling Street. While there is an entry that looks like
it opens onto the retail on the Kipling Street side, as it measures out, again
using the sidewalk square as a calculator, that's 70 feet from the corner.
These are approximates; I would hope that they're pretty clear. I didn't
round any number up when I did the math. The rhythm on University
Avenue is 25-foot wide storefronts for the most part. Each one of those
buildings having an entry. I look on this 100-foot span. There are three
entryways and then there's another 100 feet that wraps the corner before
there's another entry. Also we have some principles in the Downtown
Design Guidelines, I think, that talk about reinforcing corners, and yet we've
got, like I say, 30 feet from the corner. I think on this project or another
project, the ARB has tried to introduce corner entries and that sort of thing
to strengthen the corners. This seems to be defying that. Help me
understand that.

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Mayor Holman. I actually happen to have that page
open from the Downtown Design Guidelines with the corners. I'll show it
here; I don't necessarily expect you to see it. There are four options. Three
of those options include entrances pretty much at the corner. There's a
fourth option shown here on the far left. It comes to a corner almost as
illustrated here on the drawings as a successful implementation of

                                                                       Page 65 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
