                          TRANSCRIPT
that would be. I don't know if you'd call it a criticism or a comment.
Apologies if it comes across as a criticism. I love the owls. I absolutely love
the owls. There's one thing that has always bugged me about it too. That
is, just a heads up, to always consider the environment that art is going into
and to make sure to the best of your ability the installation is considered
early enough that you can have input. Maybe it's just me, but it's always
bugged me, from the very beginning, that you see in this sleek, shiny
exterior all the lines in the pavement reflected upon the owls. For me, it
should have been a sleek surface without lines. I understand why you put
lines in concrete, because of stress and that sort of thing. It's a pattern in
the pavement and it's reflected upon the owl. It detracts from these
wonderful, wonderful owls to me. I don't know if it's a heads up or a
criticism or a suggestion or whatever. I hope you take it in the spirit it's
intended which is looking ahead. I'm going to go ahead and mention this.
I've made inquiry with the art folks at the table here about, and Karen
Kienzle as well, how we might landmark our Greg Brown murals. I know it's
not the most simple thing in the world to do. I haven't inquired among
Council Members, but I know at least Council Member Kniss supports that
endeavor as well. I know there are things that have to be accomplished in
order to do that. I don't know that we would look to landmark all of them.
Maybe we pick the most select ones. We don't own, perhaps we will own
before too long the Post Office, so we can do that to a building that we own.
Perhaps there are other owners who might also agree to that. They're
treasures that have been here for 30 years plus, at least. They're beloved
pieces of art in this community. If there's some way we could honor not
only the art but that artist, landmarking would be quite appropriate. I don't
expect you to have answers at this point in time. I just want to put it out
there that inquiry has been made in that regard. I know Mila would be
interested in something like that as well, given your relationship with Greg
Brown. In appreciation of his art as well. Those are my comments. I see
Council Member DuBois has joined us.

Ms. Ross: I wanted to make one quick comment in response to the answer
of what we need from you guys. In hearing a general theme throughout
everyone's comments from the Council. Thank you so much for the support.
Art that continues to delight, surprise, move beyond the boundary of just
physical sculpture in space, especially like Council Member Schmid talking
about sites in addition to art. I would ask that you encourage everyone
working within the City to keep their minds open to art. Public art for the
future is going to involve more than one discipline of just 3-D artists in spot.
It's environmental art. It's art along passageways, along fences. It's not
just a nice, neat brief that we need something in this particular spot. It
might be up to the artist to find the spot in Palo Alto and bring something
that nobody was thinking. In order to do that, there's a lot of people that
                                                                          Page 16 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
