                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman, we also have another plaque that can go in the City
Manager/Mayor's office to remind you and the citizens of Palo Alto of the
excellent job that your department has done. We do have decals that can
be placed on your Public Works vehicles that show that it's an accredited
department. I do encourage you to consider that, because it shows to the
citizens that the Public Works Department is doing a good job. It's a
pleasure to be here from Victoria. I flew down this morning. I always enjoy
California, and Palo Alto's a great place. I always do some shopping, so I've
already invested in your economy. Thank you very much in having me here.

Mayor Holman:       Thank you for coming the distance to make the
presentation. On some occasions, we might apologize for the rain, but we
need it so badly we just won't. Thank you again for coming.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman:    With that, we go to Agenda Changes, Additions and
Deletions. We have none to our knowledge.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Holman: We then go to City Manager Comments. Giving Jim a
minute to finish up the work of a City Manager. Jim, welcome. You'll
entertain us with City Manager Comments. Thank you.

James Keene, City Manager: Just a follow-up to Mike Sartor and the team in
Public Works. I think we shared that before, but this is a very rigorous
process. It's a two-year process with significant peer review. He talked
about the process improvements and documentation and that sort of thing.
I really do want to commend Mike Sartor and the Public Works team for
taking that on. It's not for the faint of heart. Obviously, there's always a lot
to be doing in Palo Alto. It's not like people have spare time on their hands.
Congratulations to our Public Works Department. There is good news on the
traffic signal front in our Downtown area. Over the past week, we've been
able to begin to introduce new, more pedestrian-friendly traffic signal timing
at intersections in the Downtown that extend the total amount of walk time
by extending the flashing "don't walk" phase all the way to the beginning of
the yellow phase. Previously, only the minimum amount of total walk time
was provided, leaving many pedestrians who cross after the "don't walk"
phase had ended. Plus, there's been inconsistencies in the length of time at
different intersections historically in the Downtown. Our Transportation Staff
advises me that once the system is fully operational over the next week or
so, we'll be able to introduce better overall signal coordination Downtown,
where there really currently is none. We'll be taking a much deeper look at
signal timing plans as we move forward in order to balance the needs of all
                                                                             Page 3 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
