                          TRANSCRIPT
concerns that a lot of elements of the Comp Plan appear to be directive,
when in fact they're intended to be aspirational. That gets confusing. We
have other places that we say "we will," a bunch of "shalls." They're really
we will do things that we won't possibly achieve, is the way it essentially
boils down. I made arguments way back then that it was misguided to say
that we'd do things that we only wanted to move in that direction of. That
was at the same time that I was one of the advocates pushing for a stronger
park program and, in fact, the park fee program that we implemented that is
inadequate, but we had none before then. We had debates about various
things. Really a lot of the intention at that time was around going forward,
new major development whether it would be designed around this kind of a
goal of 2 acres per 1,000. At that time, the one that was on the horizon was
the SOFA redevelopment as a result of the massive amount of Palo Alto
Medical Foundation that was vacating, of a single landowner that did not
have default development rights for that area which enabled the City to then
push for a whole bunch of outcomes that were more consistent with our
Comp Plan objectives which are actually just being adopted, concurrently
with SOFA I. Elsewhere in the City, there was not an intention or a belief
that we could retroactively backfill shortages in our existing neighborhood
parks to fulfill that 2 acres per 1,000. I want to make sure everybody
understands that, even though there's ambiguity in the present wording, it is
not a case that we ignored the intent over the last 15, 17 years, nor that
there ever was that intent. Now, what I want to see as we're moving
forward we have better clarity that we're saying what we mean and
subsequently meaning what we say. I also want to make sure that we're not
misrepresenting out of kind of just reading in a literal sense what's before us
and, with good intentions, misrepresenting what actually was there and what
was intended there. Having said that, I still don't even know what direction
this new cognizance that is emerging in parks and recreation community,
where that might point us in relation to this. I'll leave it for this time there.
The other thing is as this has really gotten more well organized even as it is
a complex effort to make sense out of a whole bunch of things that were
difficult to compare. What I started realizing is that we're comparing the
current goals, which are more what I would describe as titles, and under the
PTC goals they were a bit more of the narrative that under the current Comp
Plan we have a title followed by a whole paragraph of narrative. We're
comparing apples to oranges in this sense. We're saying, "Should we have
the old"—for instance, I look under what was in the slides on page 10.
Under Goal C-1, we have effective and efficient delivery of community
services. Over to the right, we had a PTC goal of community partnerships. I
was trying to figure out where is this community partnership statement
which I felt needed to be rewritten and finally realized that under the current
Goal C-1, it's in the paragraph of the narrative or its equivalent discussion is
a portion of that narrative paragraph. This may be the correct thing to do.
                                                                         Page 75 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
