                         TRANSCRIPT
proposal that the Finance Committee put forward, I think, was based on not
having full information. That was basically moving it in a direction that
would absolutely kill every project that has been working away to get itself
into the Palo Alto CLEAN program, including solarizing the City-owned
parking structures. I'm out of time. Please pull that from the Consent
Calendar, Item 8. Thank you.

Walt Hays, regarding Agenda Item Number 8: Good evening. I'm also
speaking on Agenda Item 8.             The City prides itself on being an
environmental leader. In a way we have lots to be proud of. We're moving
towards zero waste. We have carbon-free electricity. We're developing a
Climate Action Plan, Sustainability Plan. Please forgive me for saying this,
but I can't think of any action you could take that would be more contrary to
all those things than killing a promising solar program like the one that we're
talking about tonight. I understand that you can't subsidize solar forever.
However, I honestly believe that if you stick with the 16.5 cents that this
program has through the 3 megawatt cap, that it would work out bugs in the
program, which there are in any new program, and also build necessary
confidence in the City. In future rounds at a lower price, I think you'd get a
lot of applicants. On the other hand, if you kill the program after people
have relied in good faith on it, which is what the Finance Committee
recommendation would do, I don't think you'd get any applicants no matter
what price you give. I hope you will stick with this program through the 3
megawatt cap and then at that point I'm sure you'll be able to get more
bidders at lower prices. Thank you.

Wynne Furth, regarding Agenda Item Number 8: Hi. I am indeed Wynne
Furth. I am here tonight because I'm a member of a church in south Palo
Alto with a three-acre campus adjacent to Mitchell Park, which we've now
finished using as a staging site for Mitchell Park improvements which are
lovely. We're happy to live next to them now. We've been working for
about a year to put together a solar power plant on our portion of our
parking lot. We already use reverse metering for our own solar needs, but
we would like to do more. Our process is almost as deliberative as yours,
which is why it's been a long, slow process. We have substantial time and
money on this. We can certainly testify that it's our experience that at 16
1/2 cents a kilowatt hour, you just barely make it. People who are willing to
build such a project for us are proposing that we donate the use of our
property, which we are almost certainly willing to do, because it's a way of
telling ourselves and our children that we are not hopeless and helpless in
the face of human-generated climate change. There are other people who
can speak with much more knowledge about the ultimate and intrinsic
merits of the program, but I can tell you that we have spent time and a
significant amount of money getting to apply under this program. We would
                                                                         Page 12 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
