                          TRANSCRIPT
because not all of it violates the zoning law. This is wrong. The shadow cast
by the elevator tower is acknowledged in the report to impact the Jacobs'
property; although, it says it's minimal. It's still an impact. It's obvious that
it impacts the privacy of the Palo Alto Central people. Here's my suggestion.
Deny the DEE. That does not result in denying the developer what he
bargained for. He bought a property in the CC(2) district; he gets to
develop it in accordance with all the rules and regulations of the CC(2)
district. It will have less of an impact on everyone around him. It stays
within the zoning law. If you deny the DEE, all he loses is a whimsical
amenity for rooftop patio and observation deck. That's not a right that he's
entitled to have. I also would suggest, when you hear all the stuff about the
parking and the density and the traffic and all that, you might consider
shrinking the third story back by about 10 feet on each side or at least on
the side that faces the Jacobs' building and my building, because we're the
only ones that are immediately next to it and not separated by any street or
driveway. Set it back so that you terrace it back, and it has less of an
overwhelming impact on everything, and it's a less massive project. One
last comment. I also agree with the citizen who spoke about the cumulative
effect. Mr. Holbach's property up the street is going to be something
approaching 100 residential units. The police station is supposed to go in
immediately catty-corner from us.           There's an enormous amount of
development that is proposed for this area.             This project cannot be
considered in isolation. Thank you very much for your time.

Jared Jacobs, speaking for five people: Thank you, Mayor Holman and City
Council. I'll limit my remarks to less than ten. You've already done a great
job of covering a lot of the main issues. First of all, you've seen my wife and
our family. We live right next door. I've been in Palo Alto 13 years now.
My wife is a third generation Palo Altan. We have a lot of little concerns.
I'm going to focus on our two primary concerns. I represent not just my
house's perspective, but also some of the others surrounding, like people in
Palo Alto Central and other nearby neighborhoods, Evergreen Park. I'm
going to be speaking about first our house and secondly the parking
impacts. I'd also like to second what Peter and what the Council has already
said about the Design Enhancement Exception. We don't feel that it's
justified. First of all about my house. When it was built in 1990, it
conformed to the CC(2) zone district. It was allowed by the City. Shortly
after it was built, the regulations changed. That's why today it's considered
a nonconforming use. It wasn't somehow snuck in or something. It was
allowed when it was built. I got this directly from the builder, Tom Taylor,
who we bought the property from. This is one shot of the house from the
interior courtyard. You can see it has an industrial style. It was built to fit
in with the surroundings of this commercial district. You've seen from the
flyover that there is a lot of adequate spacing.            There's no shading
                                                                         Page 51 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
