                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Sure. I think I'd like to make a Motion that we
move forward on the Business Element using the original Vision Statement
as the basis.

Council Member Wolbach: Just the vision or also the goals as well?

Council Member Filseth: I think we're going to—I'm going to move that we
go back to the goals as well. How do you want to do this? Do you want to
do them together or do you want to do them ...

Council Member Wolbach: Separate's fine.

Mayor Holman: We kind of got in trouble last time. Why don't we start with
the Vision Statement.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second the Motion.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to use the original Vision Statement for the Business Element.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. A couple of reasons for this. I think the PTC
statement seems to me—a couple of things about this. First, it seems to
weight—it seems to be code for tech startups which, I think, is over-
weighted relative to other kinds of businesses that we have in town. I think
we actually do have a lot of different kinds of businesses. Just focusing on
tech startups—I kind of get this from the language. The balance is wrong.
The second is, as written, it's redundant. It says Palo Alto supports a culture
of innovation and entrepreneurship that welcomes innovators and
entrepreneurs. The third and most fundamental one, I think, is that the
original Vision Statement talks about the relationship of businesses to the
community. That's kind of lost in the revised statement. I think we ought
to go back to the original one as the basis for the direction to the CAC.

Mayor Holman: Cory, speak to your second.

Council Member Wolbach: I've nothing to add. I think that Council Member
Filseth summed it up very well.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, on the Vision Statement.

Council Member DuBois: I've a friendly amendment. I would actually
propose that we replace the word "balanced" with "prioritized," so that it
would read "competing needs of residents and businesses will be prioritized
so that neighborhoods are protected."
                                                                         Page 66 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
