                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I'll make a motion that we use "the precise
boundaries of those areas shall be where the office/R&D are permitted
generally within the boundaries shown in"—is it Figure 1 in Attachment B to
the Staff recommendation? The development cap shall not apply to any
area in which the City has adopted at time of development a coordinated
area plan, specific plan, master plan or precise plan.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.          Would you be open to a friendly
amendment when it comes to that?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to use the precise boundaries as outlined in the Potential
Office/R&D Cap Boundaries, and the Development Cap will not apply to any
area in which the City has adopted at time of development a Coordinated
Area Plan, Specific Plan, Master Plan or Precise Plan.

Council Member Scharff: I might be open to the issue of Staff coming back
to us on the SOFA issue and looking at that and giving us further detail on
that issue at some point. When the ordinance comes back to be drafted, I'd
like to have the facts on that. As we move forward, especially if we're going
to look at doing these precise plans or not, this may not make a huge
difference. If people are working towards and encouraged to do that, when
it comes time if we're going to put in a permanent ordinance, that could be
an incentive to do it. We need to start building the basis for what could be a
permanent ordinance in this respect. It's important to get those ideas into
the concept, so that Staff's thinking about them and that the people that
own property are thinking about them. The cap is a blunt instrument. It
would be much better to have these specific plans about what we really want
in the City and have a pubic engagement process. These specific plans
take—I don't know. SOFA took forever. Council Member Burt was on that
forever. They take two to three years to start with. If someone goes
through a two to three-year process on this, you should be out of the cap.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd propose a slight tweak to this that will
address what you're trying to get at, Council Member Scharff, while also
addressing Council Member Burt's concern. That would be to change it to
"will not apply to office space approved as part of a concept area plan,
specific plan, precise plan or master plan." That way we're saying that we're
not exempting anything within the geographic boundaries of one of those
plans. We're saying that specifically we could as a community decide to
exempt office space approved as part of one of those plans. Does that make
sense?

                                                                       Page 53 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
