                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'll make a substitute motion.

Council Member Scharff: No, I'm just sort of waiting.      Why don't you go
ahead and make your motion?

Council Member DuBois: Hang on one second. It's kind of lengthy because
there's a lot of parts here. To get the ball rolling. Part A, I would motion
that Council adopts a goal of creating a ubiquitous fiber network in Palo Alto
with City ownership of fiber assets.       Part B, we do not accept the
consultant's report as is and request, one, that in the Fiber Master Plan that
we get detailed assumptions used to forecast the capital additions and that
those are reviewed and approved by a majority of the citizen advisors and
we get a revised forecast. Part B of that on the wireless plan, that we see a
longer timeframe, a 20-year forecast consistent with the fiber report, and
that for Scenario 1 we get a price forecast and fiber backhaul details for the
properties to be served. That should be included prior to an RFP.

Mayor Holman: I'm anticipating there is more.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I was just letting him catch up. Part C, that
we go ahead and issue the RFP for the Public Safety and Utilities
Departments as Staff recommended. Part D, that the wireless plans will not
use the Fiber funds. Part E, that we direct Staff to investigate a "dig once"
ordinance as soon as possible. Part F, that we direct Staff to discuss a co-
build with AT&T, Google and Comcast to see how the City could lay its own
conduit to the premise during their build-outs. The final one, Part G, move
forward with the RFI exploring both the muni-owned model with contractors
to build and contractors for ongoing operations and also the public-private
model with the City owning the fiber and a private partner, such as Sonic,
operating and owning the electronics with consideration to Google being in
the market or not.

Mayor Holman: That sounds like the end of your motion, so ...

Council Member DuBois: That was the end.

Mayor Holman:    ... I don't know if there's enough clarity yet to garner a
second.

Council Member DuBois: David, are you not able to copy and paste?


                                                                       Page 45 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
