                          TRANSCRIPT
be perfect; high temperature, low wind. The plume of the chemical, if you
will, stays together more than would be realistic as it moves towards any
potential receptors. Third, the modeling exercise assumes that a spill would
occur outdoors and that the total amount of all the chemicals stored onsite
at any one time would be instantly and entirely spilled in a puddle on the
ground. In reality as you've heard, these chemicals are stored indoors, in
baths and in closed tanks. If they were to fail, if the tanks were to fail or the
baths were to splash, the spillage would go into a collection berm system,
down into closed tanks in the lower part of the building. None of the
predicted evaporation would happen and would not give that material a
chance to migrate. I just share all this with the hope that maybe a better
understanding of how these predictions come to be could give members of
the community and the residents nearby some comfort. Finally, I want to
quickly say that my colleagues and I have had the privilege of meeting with
several residents. We want to thank them for their time and for giving us
the opportunity to connect. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Betsy Lake to be followed by Mike
Mielke.

Betsy Lake: Good evening. I'm Betsy Lake. I am a former resident of Palo
Alto, a graduate of Stanford Law School and now with Holland and Knight in
San Francisco. We represent CPI. I have two main points. The first is that
the Tier 2 chemical zoning ordinance has no rational basis and is unlawful. I
understand the process leading to the proposed ordinance was prompted by
reactions to incidents that occurred over seven years ago and that have
been fully addressed.        Although CPI may not have been a good
communicator, it has been proactive. You've heard they've hired outside
experts to advise.        They've installed redundant systems.          I think
importantly, although not required to, they worked cooperatively with the
City to change their processes so that they reduced their chemical use to
under Title 19 thresholds, and they have kept it at that level ever since
2002. CPI has invested and continues to invest heavily in its plating shop
and related safety systems.       Now that CPI conforms to the Title 19
thresholds, the proposal before you has been designed to make CPI's
operations nonconforming to a new standard. This new standard, as you've
heard from Doug Daugherty, isn't supported by the facts or the science. The
law requires that ordinances have a rational basis, and this one doesn't. The
City should not continue to pursue this ordinance. If it does, however, the
City has acknowledged that CPI has legally protected property rights. That
leads to my second point. The proposed amortization ordinance is both
unfair to CPI, and it's also unlawful. First, the City's amortization ordinance
on the books, as you've heard, requires a minimum of 15 years from the
date the ordinance is passed. The proposal would allow ten. Second, the
                                                                              Page 54 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
