                          TRANSCRIPT
rebuilds. That's what drove it, just like we're having now. These tend to
come in waves, and we're in a wave period probably right now on it. The
arguments are good that we're going to have the community more and more
concerned with Individual Review and how well that's being done, if they
don't have an alternative mechanism to address this. I had a concern. I
want to put this out on the table in the context of which Committee is going
to review this. I know Council Member DuBois was suggesting Policy and
Services Committee.        It's not a given that it should go to Finance
Committee. When I look at which Committee would likely be able to handle
this most expeditiously, given that Finance has just finished the budget and
Policy and Services has a big backlog for the next several months, it
probably would go forward fastest if it would go to Finance Committee.
There was one other thing I was going to say on the history on this. The
thought escapes me. The other thing is something that Staff needs to look
at and the Committee needs to look at. The last one of these that we had—I
would say the last several—I raised concerns that we were getting a drift in
terms of a lowering of the supermajority necessary to create it. If there
ever was an interest in repealing it, it was going to be not a simple majority,
but it was going to be a new supermajority. We have to think this through.
There were original criteria, and it started slipping. The bar started getting
lower. If we want as a policy basis to lower the bar, it should be done at
that level, not on a case-by-case ad hoc basis where it started slipping. We
never thought through this question of what happens if a decade from now a
neighborhood, say 70 or 80 percent, wanted to enact it today. In a decade
or more from now, half say, "We don't want it anymore." It would stay in
place under our current rules. Nobody had thought through that aspect, and
we need to think it through and make sure that that gets incorporated. I
will support referring this to the Finance Committee.

Council Member Berman: For timeliness sake, I'll say that I agree with
pretty much all of the comments of Council Member Scharff, Kniss and Burt.
This is something that clearly our community is very interested in, but there
are a lot of questions that we don't have answers to, a lot of questions I
have that have been raised: the history of the single-story overlay, when
there were fees, when they were waived, when it was successful, when it
wasn't, how many neighborhoods might it apply to, what are the current
overlays. I've heard nine, eight and ten. I saw there was an article in The
Palo Alto Weekly from 2002 that I randomly found Googling earlier today.
That doesn't give me nearly the history and substance that a Staff Report
would. Council Member Burt brought up a lot of good questions about how a
single-story overlay might be rescinded and having that conversation. I'm
glad to hear that Finance that might be able to take it up before break.
Sounds like our community has been putting in a lot of work, and they

                                                                         Page 50 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
