                         TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach:       It's one of the ones proposed in the Staff
recommendation.

Council Member Burt: Whether it's a Staff recommendation or elsewhere in
here, let's get it down.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we definitely get the Council's direction on that. We
can make sure that that is included in the Transportation Element. I don't
know that it needs to be in the goals per se.

Council Member Burt: Okay. I don't care where it is. You had it in a draft
motion, so we're responding to that. If you don't think we need to include it
in our motion tonight, I ...

Ms. Gitelman:    Given the lateness of the hour, I mean, we've got the
message.

Council Member Burt: I also wanted to raise that we've adopted a policy on
a 30 percent single-occupancy vehicle reduction for—I'm embarrassed.
Whether it was Citywide or Downtown area, we adopted a policy. That's a
policy goal not within the Comp Plan. We adopted this as a goal as a Council
last year.

Mayor Holman: Would you repeat that please? We adopted ...

Council Member Burt: A 30 percent reduction in single-occupancy vehicles.
Whatever that existing goal is, that should roll over into Comp Plan goals
unless we choose to change it.

Ms. Gitelman: This might be an opportunity for me to make an observation.
We put the digital commenter out and have organized the Committee's
discussion with the anticipation that we would follow more closely the
existing goal structure. That's not to say we can't change it. I wanted to
make the observation that really in this one element, the two goal structures
are very similar. What happened between the current Comp Plan and the
PTC revisions is the first three goals in the current Comp Plan were
combined.

Council Member Burt: I don't see this one, so I would add that incorporate
existing Council policy on single-occupancy vehicle reduction. We don't even
have to figure out what this is right now.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that first goal on sustainability can be broadened to
include a goal for single-occupant vehicle reduction ..

Council Member Burt: That's fine. I just want to move it on.
                                                                     Page 117 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
