                          TRANSCRIPT
about the tiered approach and give you just a little more detail on how the
Code would change and how we came up with the tiers that we've identified.

Roman Worobel, AECOM: Thank you, Director Gitelman. Madam Mayor,
Members of the Council, thank you for inviting me to join and participate in
the conversation tonight. Let me go ahead and start by explaining a little bit
more of this notion of a tier, which really simply refers to a grouping or a
classification of a land use type within one of your existing zoning districts.
In this case, we're talking about the industrial or the manufacturing district.
The tiers that are being identified and described for you tonight reflect
different types and quantities of hazardous materials. That becomes the
basis for the tiers. The City's existing hazardous materials regulations,
which are found in Title 18 under the zoning regulations ordinance, identifies
two such tiers; although, they're not specifically labeled as such within the
ordinance. There is one tier that includes hazardous materials at quantities
that are covered by the State Title 19 CalARP or California Accidental
Release Program. Then there is everything else. Those facilities that fall
into everything else are what we are identifying as Tier 1 for the time being.
Tier 1 includes all facilities, gas stations, nail salons, hardware stores, etc.,
that have to file a hazardous materials inventory form per the City's
regulations. Those regulations are specified currently in Title 10. They
identify specific quantities at which point a business needs to come in and
secure a permit from the City Fire Department and Planning Department. Of
those—let me go ahead. In Palo Alto right now, as you can see on the chart,
we have two tiers.        There really are no use limitations.       There's no
conditional use permits, etc., required of these Tier 1 uses. What has been
required and what came about in the existing regulations, which are found at
Code Section 18.23.100, is a notice. A notice has to be provided to
residential uses and districts within 150 feet if a building permit has been
issued, and that permit has been issued in order to (1) enable changes in
the types or quantities of hazardous materials, and (2) those changes
involve exceeding what we call the CUPA thresholds—I'll define those a little
bit later—or they double the amount of hazardous materials at the site or an
incident has occurred such as a release. Those are the conditions under
which a notice occurs. That notice occurs within 150 feet of the business.
In addition, for those businesses that reach this threshold, again the CUPA
thresholds, there is a requirement to provide what's called the Emergency
Contingency Plan. That Emergency Contingency Plan needs to be submitted
to the Palo Alto Fire Department, and the Fire Department needs to approve
that prior to the permit being issued. Just by way of information and for the
benefit of the community, Tier 1 basically anything that requires a permit
from the City related to hazardous materials, there are about 420 such
facilities throughout the entire City. Of those that exceed what I'll get into
as the CUPA thresholds, there are about 270 of those. The second tier, as I
                                                                              Page 42 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
