                          TRANSCRIPT
that improvement that we all we want to see on El Camino. Dramatic office
space development hasn't been a problem there. I don't know that we gain
a lot by including it. If we end up passing a cap, I don't know that we gain a
lot by having it in that cap. I support Staff's suggestion as to what the
boundaries generally are. I'd be looking to colleagues to convince me that El
Camino belongs there. I'm not entirely sure based on what's happened in
the past 15 years and the current state of it that it does.

Council Member Wolbach: Picking up on what Council Member Berman was
saying. What we're looking at here is something that obviously I wasn't
tremendously supportive of as far as carving up different parts of the City. I
figured originally that it would make sense to have this apply, if we're going
to do this, to the whole City. I am comfortable with focusing on those areas
that have been highlighted by Staff. I don't know if I have a very convincing
argument for you, but the Staff recommendation for the boundaries is pretty
good. Following on what Council Member Scharff was saying, this does
overlap with the secondary which is the issue of exemptions. Precise plans,
coordinated area plans, specific plans, if we decide to use them, or master
plans. I've also seen the term master plan used in reference to the Fry's
site; that's why I mention it. Those should not be included with (inaudible).
Whether we put that under boundaries or under exemptions, in the end I'll
be looking for a motion that exempts those. It's important that we do get a
handle on the quality of design of projects in Palo Alto, and that the
community be put in the driver's seat. Those planning processes enable the
community, enable the City as a whole, the Council, the ARB, the Staff, the
residents to be in the driver's seat and to say to a developer, "We don't like
what you're doing here, and we're not going to be okay with it." In order to
move future changes in our City in that direction, those should be outside of
an annual limit. In general, the boundaries drawn by Staff are good.

Council Member Filseth: On the topic of coordinated area plans, those are
great. The fact is we don't have those today. One way to look at this is
what are we doing in the meantime while we develop those things. At the
moment, the status quo is a free-for-all. If the outcome of this process is in
two years we've got coordinated area plans everywhere and we don't need
this anymore, that would be a wonderful outcome. I have a couple of
observations, unfortunately not any conclusions on this. If you look at why
we're doing this and what are the negative impacts of office and R&D
development on the community, obviously there's some on the developers,
but there's some on the residents too. It seems to me they fall into a couple
of buckets. One is the driving out of retail along with traffic and parking
woes. The other is it tends to drive up the jobs/housing imbalance, which
tends to make housing scarcer and less affordable because demand
increases. The first bucket, traffic, parking, impact on retail is very location
                                                                         Page 50 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
