                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Are you accepting it or seconding it? Are we back
to Amendments?

Council Member Scharff: Accepting it. Council Member Kniss would have to
accept.

Council Member Kniss: Yes. I think we had semi-agreed on that in Finance.

Mayor Holman: These can act as Amendments or Motions. It was put forth
as a Motion, so that would need a second. It doesn't matter how we deal
with these. Just to keep it cleaner, let's make it as a Motion. I changed my
mind. Let's do it as an Amendment. That way it might go faster.

Vice Mayor Schmid: As I recall during the Finance Committee discussion of
Animal Services, wasn't there a request to come back with a monthly report?

Council Member Kniss: Yes.

Mr. Perez: Correct. We will provide that to the full Council as well.

Vice Mayor Schmid:      This says return in six months, but we will have
monthly ...

Mayor Holman: The clarification that may be needed is a report is going to
Finance monthly. This Motion is to bring that also to the Council at the end
of six months.

Mr. Perez: Right.

Mayor Holman: Correct, Council Member DuBois? Okay. That was accepted
by the maker of the original Motion and seconder. Vote on the board please.
That passes unanimously with Council Member Filseth absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Council Member Kniss: They're official?

Mayor Holman: Yes, that was part of the main Motion.

Council Member DuBois: One more. I'd like to direct Staff to evaluate and
update the Business Registry late fee to escalate per month for for-profit
companies. The late fee for non-profits will remain as is. I'm concerned
about the amount of time it's taking to get the Business Registry up.

Council Member Burt: You need a second. Second.


                                                                         Page 73 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
