                         TRANSCRIPT

percent of the community. I think if we're looking at having a diversity of
opinions and experiences on the CAC, to omit those two would pretty much
defeat our goals of having greater diversity of opinions in the groups,
especially for a group that would now have 25 members.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to address the comment that was raised
earlier by Council Member DuBois. Age was mentioned. In looking at a
proposal for May 18th, it says members will also be appointed to represent
the interests of homeowners, renters, seniors, the disabled, businesses, Palo
Alto parents and youth. Renters and seniors, I think there's also a dearth of
people over the age of 70 or 75 on the group as well as youth are
mentioned, so seniors and youth. Age was clearly one of the intents of the
criteria as was renters. I will be supporting this amendment, and then I'll
make my own later.

Council Member Burt: Two thoughts on this. One is when we did have
those criteria, it was to have those perspectives, assure that they were being
represented within stakeholders. It wasn't necessarily a proportionality to
whatever they are in the population. Having said that, if we're starting from
scratch, I would also support having a greater proportion of both renters and
younger people.       I still lean in that direction, but then I think this
necessitates bringing the elephant in the room, which is we have 17
members on this committee, eight are affiliated with a group that is one
particular branch or wing of a political position in this town right now, Palo
Alto Forward. I didn't want to have this Committee being divided between
these camps of paths and Palo Alto Forward at all. I wanted to see a
Committee that had those representatives of those perspectives, but not a
near majority of one of them. We've got a problem, because it's right now
got eight of those members already on a Committee that has a very strong
political orientation and intentions. If we're going to open it up to these
other greater diversity concerns, we stand a good chance of not correcting
an imbalance that's there right now and maybe exacerbating it. This creates
a dilemma. Does this mean we have to come back and reconstruct this
Committee and remove people to get the sort of balance that we think is
appropriate? That's the dilemma that I'm facing right now. You can go after
trying to get this there, but we have to figure out how to address what has
become a political imbalance on the Committee. I was hoping that we
wouldn't have to focus on really laying that on the table. I think this
amendment forces that discussion.

Council Member Berman: I think the motion forces that discussion frankly.
I think it's a little disingenuous to accuse the amendment of doing that. I
                                                                      Page 125 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
