                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Council Member Burt, just to clarify. Staff will be authorized
to work together to add some detail on those items, but we do not need to
return to Council for approval of the specific language.

Council Member Burt:     Yeah, I think we can fold that into the approval
motion.

Council Member Scharff: A lot of my comments were actually similar to
Council Member Burt's. I would just briefly say that I do think we've fallen
a little short compared to Mountain View in terms of the actions they've
taken in putting together a comprehensive plan, public works looking at
sea level adaptation. I think Mountain View's done a great job on that. I
think we haven't really stepped up. The other point I did want to make
was that I had some concerns—I think Council Member Burt addressed
them pretty much—on the Santa Clara Valley Water District in that a lot of
the stuff that happens in San Mateo County, especially with the JPA and all
of that, their focus is much further south, the Santa Clara Valley Water
District. Our focus is really mid-Peninsula, part of San Mateo County. I
wouldn't really want the Water District to be focusing on—because they're
not going to focus on us. We really need to have somebody else work with
us on that area. I'm a little concerned if we lock ourselves into anything
like that.

Mr. Bobel: We did make the added clarification that regional—we didn't
say exactly why. We just alluded to the fact that a broader regional scale
is in play here and important. We just used that code word "regional" to
mean beyond the County.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Let me follow up on the same issue of where we are
compared to our neighbors. I guess when I go to regional meetings about
sea level rising either with the Water District or other organizations, they
all talk about the Don Edwards salt pond restoration and the levee building
that's taking place. They give out wonderful maps of the South Bay. On
these maps they clearly identify the Ravenswood up to the border of Palo
Alto with the piece of land we control. Then they start again in the South
Bay at Coyote Creek, the border with Mountain View. They have these
wonderful maps of building levees to the north of us and to the south of us.
Palo Alto is an empty space; now that's partially because we were not part
of the Cargill salt ponds. This is where the focus point of attention is going
in the Water District and their appeals for outside for funding. I guess I'm
a little concerned that we might be falling behind. Us and Mountain View
have taken the stance of "Maybe we should do some of this ourselves."
Mountain View has a program where they are raising their levees up to 15
feet, about twice the height, and have identified—what is it? $50 million as

                                                                          Page 44 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
