                          TRANSCRIPT
he's seen in terms of where we are. On the whole, I'd be curious to know
how he thinks we're doing, should huge alarm bells be going off, and should
we be taking remarkably aggressive measures or should we kind of realize
that we're definitely not in the place that we want to be but the sky isn't
quite falling yet, just where on the spectrum do we fall. I'd also love to see
some of those graphs, those future projection graphs, using that 7 percent
as an average as opposed to 7 1/2 and just be curious to know what those
would look like versus the 7 1/2 percent rate of return that was used. Some
questions just in the Council packet. Like packet page 12, the summary of
demographic information for Miscellaneous. We've got average annual City
provided benefit for service disability, service retirements in last five years.
Then in 2013, the different amounts, $34,000, $13,000, 44,000. Is that
just—so I'm understanding this correctly—is that saying that the average
annual City provided benefit to our Miscellaneous employees in the service
category is $35,000 a year? Is that ...

Mr. Perez: That is exactly correct. Now, keep in mind that John mentioned
we've been in CalPERS for a long time, so there's members that have been
retired for, some (inaudible) of 30 years that are in here.

Council Member Berman: That will probably have lower amounts because
their wages were lower and ...

Mr. Perez: Yeah, exactly.

Council Member Berman: That's the purpose of the service retirements in
the last five years is meant to give a better kind of indication of the
retirements benefits that, pension that people are getting right now?

Mr. Perez: Yeah. The main point we wanted to show you here was the
significant increase in the number of retirees and how the number has
grown. As he mentioned, that's the bulk of our unfunded liability. Then the
rate of return fiasco of 2008, it just made it worse.

Council Member Berman: That's just a comment that I—I mean following up
on that. These graphs that were on the presentation slides, like 11 and 12,
were kind of the most striking for me. Tell me if I'm misinterpreting this.
This means that 60 percent of the money that we're putting into CalPERS
right now is going towards retirees. I mean the pension benefits for
retirees. Is that correct?

Mr. Perez: Yeah. That's why he was saying in his report that there's not a
lot you can do from the current employees to deal with the unfunded
portion, because you're really talking about people that are no longer here.
For those of you that recall the conversation on retiree medical, it's the
                                                                          Page 22 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
