                          TRANSCRIPT
large events that may occur this winter season. Here's a photo of after the
recent sandbag filling task. They filled all these bags using the bag-filling
machine we have at the corp yard, and we'll continue to use that. This map
is actually from the JPA site. It shows not only Palo Alto's three sandbag
stations at the airport, Mitchell Park and Rinconada, but also the fact that
East Palo Alto has two sandbag stations and Menlo Park has three. Again, all
the cities are working closely together and cooperatively to prepare and
have those bags available for the public. I next want to talk about creek
cleaning and vegetation management, because I find this is an area that
there is oftentimes confusion about who's actually responsible. I've kind of
laid it out for each party and what their responsibility is. We'll start with the
Santa Clara Valley Water District.       A lot of people think that they're
responsible for everything, and that's not actually true. They're responsible
for creek maintenance where they have either right-of-way or hold a flood
control easement. That in Palo Alto applies to, of course, all the improved
channels which is most of Matadero, Barron and Adobe Creeks, and San
Francisquito Creek downstream of Marlowe Street are the main areas where
the Water District has easements and, therefore, maintenance responsibility.
In addition to taking out downed trees and other debris, they routinely apply
a water-safe herbicide to manage the vegetation in some of the line
channels. They don't clean every one every year, but they do treat the
vegetation with the herbicide in order to control it. In a large rain event,
that won't just get flushed down. They also have an active emergency
response team that responds to downed trees and blockages that might
occur during a large event. The City also has its role in this, in that the City
is responsible if the creek is on City right-of-way. That takes place if the
creek's alongside a street or in a park. For example, where Palo Alto Avenue
parallels San Francisquito Creek, the street right-of-way actually extends
down into the creek to the centerline. In those areas, unless we've given
the Water District an easement, which we have in a few areas, but a lot of it
falls to the City to maintain that portion of the stream. That applies as well
to Barron Creek along Los Robles Avenue, and it also applies to Matadero
Creek as it runs through Bol Park. A couple of specifics. For this year, our
crews did remove overgrown vegetation on Barron Creek at Arastradero
Road and along Los Robles, and of course we did a lot to remove debris and
select vegetation along San Francisquito between El Camino and Highway
101. Private property owners actually have a role too in certain cases,
where their private property backs up to the creek. It's typical for the
ownership of that particular parcel to extend down into the creek. Unless
they've given the Water District an easement, then it falls to them to keep
that section of the creek cleared. You see a lot of that in the Barron Park
neighborhood for example. In this particular area, Caltrans has also played
a role in that they're working on the Highway 101 and West and East
Bayshore Road bridges over San Francisquito Creek. They are replacing
                                                                         Page 25 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
