                         TRANSCRIPT

was people in south Palo Alto who were instrumental in bringing about the
significant results of the last two elections. The last two elections have
clearly shown that residents are extremely concerned about high-density
development with all of its undesirable consequences.          Cheryl and I
personally walked a good part of Palo Alto in the 2013 referendum election
and the 2014 general election. We met and talked with many people in all
areas of Palo Alto who share our concerns as reflected in the results of those
two elections. More office development and more high-density residential
development will bring about more traffic to streets and intersections
already sufficiently suffering from too many cars and long waits in heavy
traffic. We simply should not be proposing more high-density development
as that will only make matters worse and residents simply don't want that.
We had hoped, maybe a bit naively, that City Staff would have gotten the
message. It seems they have not as the Committee selection process in our
opinion has clearly shown. I and others are deeply concerned that the
results of the Committee's deliberations will reflect the makeup of the
Committee. This needs to be corrected by reforming the Committee so that
all areas of town are properly represented and pro development advocates
are not in the majority. Otherwise, the recommendations of the Committee
will be suspect when they are finalized. Please reform the Committee,
reopen the application process to make the Committee more balanced and,
if need be, ask some people to step aside in favor of others so the
Committee does not get too large. Thank you.

Elaine Meyer: Mr. Garber's history with the City of Palo Alto includes he and
his firm being the architects for the 27 University project. Rather than go
into all the details of that dreadful, dreadful project with four tall office
buildings and a large theater, rather than go into his conflicts of interest on
that project, I just would like to remind you that the project subsequently
became the subject of a County Grand Jury investigation. The Grand Jury
report strongly criticized the City's backroom dealings with the developer
without the Council's knowledge or the public's, of course, which violates
open government requirements. This report casts an embarrassing stain on
the reputation of our City. While not too many people mention that report,
we all know it took place. By resigning quietly, Mr. Garber and Mr. Levy can
spare themselves the embarrassment of having their conflicts aired in public
again and again. It would spare the Committee from the criticism it will
surely receive if they are active as leaders. It would save the City from
unnecessary discussions and reports. If the Comprehensive Plan discussions
are to have even the appearance of representing residents, these developer-
tainted individuals cannot be part of its leadership. There are many others
on that Committee that already represent their views. Thank you.
                                                                       Page 112 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
