                          TRANSCRIPT
and they created a work plan to the minimum wage that works for
everybody and doesn't put workers and employers ahead of workers. It
really creates a proposal that will work for everybody.  I have other
members of my association who are going to speak tonight. We hope to
work forward and work with the Council going forward on this issue of
minimum wage. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Lara Ekwall to be followed by our final speaker
on this item, Michael Ekwall.

Lara Ekwall speaking to Agenda Item Number 19: Hi, good evening all. My
name is Lara. My husband and I have owned the Cuban restaurant here in
town since 1997. I'm going to read a long list of Palo Alto restaurants.
Respectfully, we are requesting that the Minimum Wage Ordinance be
removed from tonight's Consent Calendar. The City of Sacramento, as she
said, is leading the way with a task force on this issue. We ask that Palo
Alto follow.    The following local restaurants are going on the record;
unfortunately they are not able to attend tonight. They're probably working.
They're, again, asking that the exemption for tipped employees be
considered. Here we go. Are you ready? We put this together in two days,
so I think extended outreach could generate a lot more. The Kubik Café
Group; St. Michael's Alley; Pizzeria Delfina; Old Pro; Local Union 271;
Gordon Biersch, coming soon; Three Seasons: Tea Time: Sundance
Steakhouse; Zola; Gyros, Gyros, they're really tasty but I don't know how to
pronounce them; Pastis; Palo Alto Pizza; Joanie's Café; La Boheme, coming
soon; Café Pro Bono; Peter Katz, the managing partner of Counter
Intelligence LLC, operating The Counter Burger, that's his legal disclaimer, I
guess; Vero Ristorante; Palo Alto Sol; Anatolian Kitchen; Terun Pizzeria;
Gravity" Reposada; Palo Alto Creamery; and Jesse Cool, a Palo Alto resident
but owner of Flea Street Café in addition to La Bodiguita del Medio. We put
that together in two days of outreach while working full-time. I think the
City Council could maybe do some more outreach. Without the exemption,
your efforts provide no benefit to the lower earners. I am willing to assist to
coordinate an outreach meeting of some sort with local restaurants, if you'd
like. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.   Our final speaker on oral communications is
Michael Ekwall.

Michael Ekwall speaking to Agenda Item Number 19: Good evening, Mayor
Holman and Council Members. I won't introduce myself, but tonight I'm
requesting again that the Minimum Wage Ordinance—pardon me—is
removed from the Consent Calendar.      The reason for this is that as
restaurants we need an exemption in the ordinance for our tipped

                                                                       Page 52 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
