                              MINUTES
A discussion of population density and traffic impacts should include
requirements for parking. The Council should discuss ways to improve the
Public Safety Building and when it should be constructed.

Frank Ingle indicated the weakness in the project list was whether the
project was small, medium or large as well as its urgency. He suggested
Staff create a graph that plotted urgency on the y-axis and cost on the x-
axis.

Lois Salo wanted the City Council to endorse the peace and planet
mobilization scheduled for April 24-25, 2015 in New York City and to sign
the petition for elimination of nuclear weapons. The Council should build
low-income housing and help fund the purchase of the Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park.

Council Member Wolbach was interested in whether elements might flow into
others, might be prerequisites for others, and might significantly change the
Council's view of others. He questioned whether the number of Staff was
sufficient to tackle the challenges given them. The Council should seriously
discuss whether Staff had the resources to do the work that the Council and
the community would ask them to perform.

Mayor Holman suggested the project list return to the Council in a few weeks
as an Agenda Item. The list should include the departments involved in
each item, the scale of each project, existing resources that could be applied
to projects, the status of each project, and the initiation date and anticipated
completion date of each project.

Mr. Keene inquired whether those topics should be included for each element
of the list.

Mayor Holman replied yes. She suggested the City Auditor, City Attorney,
and Administrative Services be added to the list.

Mr. Keene reported the Staff work plan would contain that level of detail,
such as deadlines and Staff interfaces. Staff attempted to list initiatives
falling under the themes generated by the Council's suggested Priorities.
Staff was working on a comprehensive work plan. No work plan process
could accommodate all aspirations.     The Council would have to make
choices.

Mayor Holman recalled Council comments regarding not knowing pending
projects or their status; therefore, she requested those details be added to
projects on the list.

                                                                           Page 5 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 01/31/2015
