                          TRANSCRIPT
capacity for future development. As a previous speaker indicated, that is
what the study shows by widening the number of lanes and having grade
separations. Finally, County staff has said that the purpose of this meeting
and the meeting before the Planning and Transportation Commission on
Wednesday is to receive your input, essentially treating it as a community
meeting where they hear each individual person's comments and go away.
You have another meeting next week. The Planning and Transportation
Commission agenda item could have been a recommendation to you that
you can then act on collectively so that the County staff would not have
individual comments, where your comment is no different from mine, but it
would be the official comment of the City Council as a whole as input to this
stage of the process.

Andrew Boone: Good evening. My name is Andrew Boone; I live on
Woodland Avenue in East Palo Alto and serve on that city's Planning
Commission as of recently, a month or two ago. I am concerned to see in
plans that you or any other city in the County is reviewing so much money
put into increasing the ability of car traffic to move during rush hour. This
seems totally inappropriate for Palo Alto, totally inconsistent with your
General Plan, totally in conflict with Senate Bill 375 which mandates
reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, not increases in greenhouse gas
emissions which will result from widening Page Mill Road to six lanes and
from increasing the rush hour traffic capacity of the interchange or anything
else that allows more cars to go through any point in an hour. This isn't the
way to deal with traffic congestion in the year 2015, when we're facing
serious climate change, very serious sea level rise right in our own backyard.
We need to be investing money in Transportation Demand Management, as
Ms. Levin was describing. It's definitely possible. Stanford University and
many other large companies have been doing it for quite some time. $90
million is a lot of money. That could pay for buses. That could pay for lots
of TDM programs. This isn't just Palo Alto that I'm concerned with. This
approach of dealing with traffic congestion by adding more cars to our
roadways and expressways is applied to the County. You are going to be
asked in less than 17 months to approve over $900 million for such projects.
Widen Lawrence Expressway, put it underground, under the streets so more
cars can get through it. This isn't good for any community in the County. I
would like to hear your opinion about it. I would like you to direct County
staff to remove these types of projects from the County Expressway Plan.
Definitely the widening to six lanes is a bad idea for Palo Alto. It brings
traffic right into the center of the City, instead of investing in options that
give people a choice. Can I take the bus to work? Can I ride my bike to
work? Is it safe? Those are the choices we don't have in Palo Alto or even
less so in the rest of the County.

                                                                         Page 13 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
