                         TRANSCRIPT
numbers that we see of veterans who make up our unhoused population,
who are not getting the services they need in a timely manner. We have
been increasing funding for veterans activities particularly in support of
county veterans offices who are the point of coordination for veterans
activities in each of our 58 counties. The Governor has just appointed a new
head of the California Veterans Department. He's got a great track record
and, I think, is somebody who will be a strong advocate. I look forward to
working with him and my colleagues to see what we can do to generate
additional support. It's a horrific problem. We are just not taking care of
these men and women who served us. It is, I think, both a national
disgrace, but we ought to try to do what we can locally and as a State to try
to help in some way in the absence of Federal support.

Mayor Holman: I thank you for your comments. I agree absolutely that it is
a national disgrace and it is also a local issue, because people are living in
our communities and we're not supporting people to the extent that we
should. Council Member Berman, did you have an additional question?

Council Member Berman: It's a quick one. We've asked a lot from you
tonight and will continue to do so. I wanted to give you the opportunity to
ask something from us. You mentioned that 900-plus bills passed the
Legislature, and 800-plus bills were signed, but a lot weren't. Did you have
any bills that are being pushed? Do any of them involve local initiatives? Is
there anything that we can do to help out, assuming that we decide as a
community to support those?

Mr. Gordon: Good question. The legislation that I've put over for continued
work next year, I think the two biggest ones probably actually don't relate
immediately to local government. One has to do with the fact that at the
State level there is no reporting mechanism for anyone who lobbies on a
State contract. Companies can wine and dine procurement officers in State
agencies and never report that at all. I'm hoping to continue to work on that
next year. I stuck my toe into the issue of automobile recalls. I'm not sure
where that piece of legislation heads next year, because the world of the
recall keeps expanding by the moment. My concern and the reason I got
engaged in this is that currently in California you can buy a used car and
you'll have no clue as to whether that car is under recall. No one is required
to tell you that the car is under recall. Unless you know that there's a
Federal database and you have some way of searching it, you would have no
clue. Also in California until just recently, all rental cars, there was no
requirement that they rent you a car that was not under recall. You could
be rented a car that was under recall.         The three major auto rental
companies have accepted a voluntary program in California to not rent those
cars. That's only recently, within the last few months. It's an area that I've
                                                                       Page 20 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
