                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: That's very helpful. It indicates the value of doing this
is we learn things. It becomes important to try and put together what's
going on with the public survey and what's going on in the way we monitor
and look at things. That can be a very valuable tool as we move forward. I
urge you to try and use the performance measures to look at the concerns
that people have expressed and see if we can find an indicator that captures
what it is out there that the public is responding to. I look forward to
working with Tableau and learning, see what we can do in utilizing it over
the course of the year.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the hard work. I
apologize I don't have the Citizen Survey in front of me right now. What I
want to do is check whether there are a couple of things in there. Do we
have distinct breakdowns for renters versus homeowners?

Ms. Richardson: There's a demographic question that asks that.

Council Member Wolbach: As we're looking at our responses and the
satisfaction and concerns, is that easy to identify, the distinct responses
from renters versus homeowners?

Ms. Richardson: It would be one of the choices you could select, if they're a
renter or a homeowner, in the demographics when you're working in
Tableau.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm looking forward to going through that. As
Vice Mayor Schmid mentioned, I will be doing the same. Is there also a
distinct breakdown for type of housing, whether it's an apartment, condo,
single-family house?

Ms. Richardson: Yes. There's a question for one family house detached
from any other houses; building with two or more homes which would
include duplexes, townhomes, apartments or condos; mobile home and
other. I'm not quite sure what people would live in for other.

Council Member Burt: Thank you for the report. It's always informative and
provocative. I had a few questions on things that stood out to me. First,
I'm on the Performance Report. On page 10, there's one table of potholes
repaired. Like a few other questions, I'm not sure that the way this is
framed necessarily tells that what looks like a good trend might actually be a
bad trend line and vice versa. As we look at the table below it, street lane
miles resurfaced, and to the right, pavement condition index, we're paving
more streets which possibly would mean that over time we'd have fewer
potholes and more well-paved streets.

                                                                       Page 13 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
