                          TRANSCRIPT
hope the City of Palo Alto will realize that due to the three-fold increase in
the number of dewaterings, from an average five a year to 14 this year, that
the current City policies are inappropriate and enact an immediate
moratorium on new permits for the pumping of our groundwater for the
construction of residential basements and to further study the effects. Only
if such a study shows that the effects are negligible and City policies are
revised to ensure mitigation of the effects should dewatering be permitted to
continue. Those are my comments. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Peter Drekmeier to be followed by Gail Price.

Peter Drekmeier: Good evening, Mayor Holman and esteemed Council.
Peter Drekmeier, Fulton Street in Palo Alto. I too am here to talk a little bit
about groundwater. It was an issue that I heard from a number of residents
about when I was on the Council. I put some energy into learning more
about the groundwater situation. There's a lot happening now, because of
the drought and because of the State groundwater legislation from last year.
Some really positive things happening in the area. First of all, thank you all
for passing a resolution last year, or maybe it was earlier this year,
acknowledging the importance of groundwater and the need for regional
cooperation to make sure that it's managed sustainably. That groundwater
basin is the deeper basin. That's the basin where East Palo Alto is looking to
draw from to meet their basic needs, because they have a very poor
allocation from the SFPUC. It's also the basin that San Mateo County is now
doing a groundwater assessment on which, in part, you helped facilitate.
The San Mateo plain basin, it's a sub-basin of the Santa Clara basin which is
very well managed by the Water District. In San Mateo County, they don't
have a similar agency. It's really wonderful that they're stepping up and we
can all work together, because we have something called the San
Francisquito cone that's fed primarily by San Francisquito Creek, that is of
great importance to our area. It connects the communities that are also
challenged by flooding, so the JPA communities. We need to manage that
well. We also have a closer-to-the-surface groundwater basin that has
basically been ignored. That's the issue that a couple of people spoke to you
about today. The previous report basically said this basin fills pretty rapidly,
we don't need to be too concerned about it, which brings up the idea of
maybe we can use more of that surface groundwater for our parks and other
irrigation uses. I think more importantly there is—I'm hearing from a lot of
people in Palo Alto and Menlo Park and other neighboring communities about
the impacts of dewatering and the settling of land and impacts to their
properties, doors that don't open anymore, cracks in the structures. I think
we're going to hear more and more about that. Also there's concern about
impacts to vegetation in the area. One house, one dewatering project could
lead to 8 million gallons of water being pumped into the storm drains.
                                                                         Page 25 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
