                           TRANSCRIPT
C.      The design is compatible with approved improvements both on and off
        the site
D.      The consistency of roof lines, entries, setbacks, mass and scale with
        context based criteria.
E.      Street building facades – building to return with greater reinforcement
        of the relationship of the street with building mass. The upper floors
        need to have set backs to fit in with the context of the neighborhood.
        Specifically, the look and feel from the street should be of a look and
        feel compatible with adjacent buildings, with the option of a third or
        fourth floor provided they are visually compatible from the streets,
        requiring articulation or set-backs
F.      To study shadow patterns
G.      Study circulation analysis including on Lane 30.
H.      Direction that the project shall share design linkages with the overall
        pattern of buildings so that the visual unity of the streets are
        maintained.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach no

12.     Policy and Services Committee Recommendation Regarding Changes
        to City Council and Standing Committee Minutes.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Filseth: Just very briefly. I attended the Downtown
Business Improvement District Board meeting this week. They sent a letter
to Council last month discussing recent growth of panhandling and people
living in public spaces such as parking garages. They have asked when they
may expect a response to their letter.

Council Member Burt: I want to report from the San Francisquito Creek
Joint Power Authority (JPA). Approximately a month ago, we received our
permit from the Regional Water Quality Control Board, but it had added
significant measures to it that had never been brought forward to the
agency in the two years leading up to that. In particular, it's about removal
of two different gas lines; one that will be coming offline as a result of this
project and one that has been buried in the ground for 50 years or so. The
Regional Water Quality Control Board wants the JPA to have those removed

                                                                       Page 104 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
