                          TRANSCRIPT
comments were provided throughout the review process and the multiple
public hearings. The final EIR has a number of those comments as well as
responses to those comments. They were generally related to traffic,
parking, bike and pedestrian safety, solar impacts, building height and the
Design Enhancement Exception. This concludes Staff's report on the project.
I would also like to note that Architectural Review Board Member Alexander
Lew is here as well to speak to the ARB's recommendation for approval.
Thank you.

Alexander Lew, Architectural Review Board Member: The Board voted 4-0 in
support of the project. There were two Members that had reservations
about the size of the roof canopy.            As Russ mentioned, that was
incorporated into the approval. I was on the subcommittee and reviewed
the drawings that were shown on the wall today with the substantially
reduced roof canopy. I want to mention there are a couple of other things
that are very desirable about the project. There are some Comp Plan
policies, like L-22 enhanced sidewalks, L-28 maintain existing scale and
character, L-31 pedestrian oriented streets from Ventura to California
Avenue, Policy L-49 design buildings to revitalize streets, and Policy B-17
encourage owners to upgrade commercial properties. There are numerous
things in this project, like street bulb-outs for street trees. The building is
set back greater than the existing and neighboring buildings to provide a
wider sidewalk. We do have other property owners who have testified that
that's actually a taking of private property for public sidewalks, but they
provided it. There are benches, planters along the street on both sides, on
both corners. You don't see it in the elevation, but there's a variety of
setbacks and balconies to provide depth to the façade and break down the
scale of a very long frontage on Park Boulevard into three separate smaller
increments. The height limit of this particular parcel is 37 feet. The
properties adjacent to it potentially have a height limit of 50 feet, because
they're next to Palo Alto Central which is RM-40. Palo Alto Central has a 40-
foot height limit. It's a varied site; the context is varied. It's two stories on
two of the properties on Sherman, but also we do have PCs in the
neighborhood. I'm not sure how tall the buildings are, but they're four-story
commercial buildings. For those of you who have been around Palo Alto a
long time, if you go back into the '60s, there was a ten-story building
proposed on one of Holbach's properties which is the Courthouse Square.
That was approved at the time. In 1974, the height limit was reduced to 50
feet. There are a number of issues, one of which is the driveway location. I
know that a lot of the Palo Alto Central owners wanted it on Park. Our
Zoning Ordinance recommends it to be on the side streets to improve
pedestrian and bicycle safety on Park Boulevard. I do understand the
neighbors are concerned about sun shading on their properties. We did
review the sun diagrams. I would point out that our zoning points it out as a
                                                                         Page 34 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
