                          TRASNCRIPT
create space where families and neighbors meet. Is it inclusive? It probably
isn't. If you're playing tennis, it's probably not inclusive. Does it appeal to
an underrepresented user group? I don't know. Tennis players, bocce ball
players, volleyball players, I'm not sure that's what we mean. Does it
respond to the unique character of neighborhoods? I don't know. I'm not
sure it's accessible. I'm not sure it's inclusive. I'm pretty sure those things
aren't flexible. Balanced, supports the balance already in existence, I don't
think that's really what that means. I guess I'm trying to figure out how this
is really helpful to make decisions, practical decisions, when you're looking
at—I could run a swing set through this. I guess the question is how are
you going to use this in a practical way that makes any sense.

Mr. Mottau: One point that I would bring up is that it's actually pretty
critical that some things that come through this process don't meet the
criteria. A lot of what this is—I'm not speaking to your specific examples. A
big part of what we're trying to do here is to help you make decisions about
a very limited and finite resource of land and a relatively limited and finite
resource of the cost to build and maintain other facilities. Finding the mix,
finding the balance that suits what we're hearing in the community. An
important part of this criteria system and the principle system is really about
finding what are the reasons that we wouldn't do things. In parks and
recreation as a field, there's usually a lot of reasons, often represented by a
number of people coming out and saying that they would really like to have
a particular facility. To critically evaluate that, we need to have some of the
reasons for what we are trying to accomplish across the entire system and
how do we ask those tough questions. Even though it seems like a good
idea that's put in front of us, how do we ask those type of questions of is
this the use we're going to put this land to for the next 20, 30, 40, 50 years.
It is a difficult question. I think that we're trying to dial in what we would
like to see across the entire system. One of the things that I think that you
will find is that a lot of the things that already exist in the system or are
similar to things that exist in the system, people are saying, "We have some
of that. We would like to have some other things introduced. We would like
to have things spread a little bit more around the community and thought
about in slightly different ways."

Ms. Schmitt: The other thing that we also heard is people would like—think
very carefully about giving up 10,000 square feet or an acre of land in a
park if it's going to be for one use. They realize that—even in talking to the
dog owners when we went out and did some follow-up, in a lot of
communities people want massive dog parks. The dog owners here realize
there's a very limited land resource and they have pretty moderate requests
compared to what we see in a lot of communities. I think even your

                                                                        Page 30 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
