                             MINUTES
Elisa Guzman loved her home and school. Her family had good jobs, and
she did not want anything to happen to them.

Gloria Palacios would lose her home and stability if the park closed. She
could move to a less costly area, but the crime rates were very high in those
areas. If she had to move, she would lose her jobs in Palo Alto, Mountain
View, and Sunnyvale. Residents were requesting a fair price for their homes.

Juana Sandoval was not concerned about working while her children were
home, because the park was adequate for them and the schools were good.
She could not afford a home in another area.

Umbelina Martinez worked two jobs to pay for her home in the park while
supporting her mother, three daughters, a stepbrother, and herself. She
requested the Council provide fair compensation for residents.

Alvaro Hernandez did not want to lose his home in the park. Palo Alto
homes were expensive. He and his siblings did not want to leave Palo Alto
schools and their friends.

Omar Cruz wanted to continue attending Palo Alto schools and to remain
with his friends.

Andre Bracamontes wanted to continue living in Buena Vista where he lived
close to his grandmother and aunt who took care of him. He did not want to
leave his friends who attended school with him.

Giovanni Lopez wanted to continue living in his home. He loved Buena
Vista, because all his friends lived there. Moving from Buena Vista would be
hard on his family.

Saul Bracamontes suggested the Council review the Ordinance closely as it
was drafted 15 years previously and had not been used to address a similar
situation. Education had to be a part of the Ordinance. He asked the
Council to reject the proposed relocation package, because it was not fair.

Mayra Escalante believed closing Buena Vista would close doors for her son
and deny him the opportunities offered by Palo Alto schools. The proposed
relocation compensation would not purchase another home for her family.
She and her husband would have to find new jobs if they were forced to
move. Closing the park would separate many extended families.

Elisa Valencia stated her children would be affected psychologically by
moving to another city with which they were not familiar. It was important



04/13/2015                                                            117- 208
