                          TRANSCRIPT
however, I'd also like to say that Palo Alto is having a heart attack as far as
just getting in and out of the City is getting harder and harder. I live in
Downtown North, and I do come down to this area all the time. Just getting
to the freeway has been a big problem. Anyhow, that's it. Thank you very
much for letting me speak.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Nester Siguenza to be followed by Bob Moss.

Nester Siguenza: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. My name is
Nester Siguenza, and I am a local carpenter. I'm a 15-year resident of the
East Palo Alto. I always appreciate the opportunity to work in the local area,
especially in Palo Alto. By approving this project, you will continue to allow
me to live in East Palo Alto and give the opportunity to provide for my
family. I ask that you support jobs and approve this development. Thank
you for your time and your patience.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Bob Moss to be followed by Doria Summa.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I must say this
is an outstanding example of a project that violates the Comprehensive Plan,
the El Camino Design Guidelines and the EPA requirements for developments
on Super Fund sites.       The fact that they want to put a three-level
underground garage into a highly contaminated aquifer is never mentioned
by the developer. They don't want you to know the people who live there
and work there may be poisoned. The fact that the El Camino Design
Guidelines say that when you are developing along El Camino, it should be
to CN or CS. We are adjacent to residential; it should be CN. This is
surrounded by residential. They ignore the fact that this is the most
congested intersection in this City, and they say that they only have one
worker for 250 square feet. I've been telling you for 3 1/2 years that figure
is false. The actual number is one worker per 100 to 125 square feet. The
109 parking spaces that they're proposing is about half what will actually be
needed for the people who are going to work in a building this size. I
strongly urge you to reject any proposal for this spot zoning of CC. I want
to remind you that during the California Avenue studies recently, it was
suggested very casually that Cambridge, which is adjacent to California
Avenue and which is already highly developed, could be considered to be
upzoned to CC. Nobody went for it. This is three blocks from California
Avenue. Why do we want to propose spot zoning, big developments,
increases in parking, congestion and employment, and ignore the
Comprehensive Plan and ignore our basic guidelines for developing El
Camino? Terrible proposal, terrible project. The only benefit that it has is
the developer will make some money. I don't think that should be the
guiding factor in rejuvenating this project. Kill it please.

                                                                        Page 49 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
