                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Its a grocery store, but it's not.

Mayor Holman: I know. How do we address something like this?

Mr. Lait: That would be addressed in the way that we define what formula
retail is. Different communities have different measures for how they
approach that. As we noted in the Staff Report, San Francisco has, I believe
it's 11 other businesses. Nationwide, there's other places that look to four
other businesses in the Bay Area. To get to this independent ownership
issue, I don't know what the language would be now, but we can look at
drafting something that would make clear that we're not looking to capture
this Benjamin-Moore type of use. I'd want to have some time to think about
how we would approach that.

Council Member Filseth: Just real briefly. Looking at the survey data, is
there a sense of the people that patronize California Avenue businesses?
How many of those live in Palo Alto versus come here from someplace else?
Is that in here anywhere? Did you guys look at that?

Mr. Lait: I think we had a—the short answer is no. We did have a question
that was going to try to get at ZIP Code information, but just to keep it brief
we ended up striking that.

Mayor Holman:    I see no more questions from Council Members, so
comments. Let's do comments first.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Very sympathetic to the request from Staff on this.
There are two big issues that we're dealing with. One, the extension of the
retail district to the side streets and especially Sherman and Cambridge. I
note on the data you gave that on Sherman today there are no retail outlets.
On Cambridge, 78 percent of the commercial space are offices, professional
business offices. There is not live, vital retail on those streets. The
connecting streets there are built out from California Avenue. Extending the
district to Cambridge and Sherman would create, first, maybe a danger in
the sense that a lot of those spaces out there are serving consumers, but
they are medical, dental, accountants, lawyers, post office, things like that.
They are one of the things that bring people to the area, get them walking
around and staying. As we extend the district, we have to look differently at
California Avenue, our expectations about California Avenue and the new
areas of Sherman and Cambridge. There's a lot of potential for retail growth
in those areas, but we don't want to lose what makes it an attractive magnet
for a lot of consumers and householders. The other big issue we're trying to
deal with is formula retail. I'm very attracted; I looked through all the
alternative cities that you have, and most of them are small, almost
recreational cities, tourist cities.    San Francisco is different, and their
                                                                         Page 50 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
