                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt viewed land use and transportation as intrinsically
intertwined and would not want to separate them. The proposed Priority
contained an intent very similar to the 2014 Priority of The Built
Environment: Mobility, Parking and Livability. He requested the Council
comment on reasons for changing the wording and the impact of those
changes. Multimodal transportation emphasized the Council's vision.

Mayor Holman felt multimodal transportation was descriptive of Council
actions and intentions and clarified that in very simple terms.

Council Member Burt suggested the Priority state the built environment and
then list the three aspects of the built environment.             Multimodal
transportation was a substitute for mobility with a little more clarity.
Parking had been removed, but it was implicit. He struggled with whether
the proposed Priority captured some of the values of the 2014 Priority.

Council Member Wolbach suggested replacing the word livability with land
use. He questioned whether the spirit of "livability" was contained within
wording such as balanced land use.

Mr. Keene indicated the Priority could contain a heading and subtext or
several words of description. Expressing a value statement within the
Priority was very helpful. Multimodal transportation signaled different things
than transportation. Land use did not provide the direction the Council
intended.

Mayor Holman asked if Council Member Burt could accept “The Built
Environment: Multimodal Transportation, Parking and Livability.”

Council Member Burt responded yes.

Council Member Kniss believed everyone understood the Council's meaning
of multimodal.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to change the words to The Built Environment:
Multimodal Transportation, Parking and Livability.

Council Member Filseth asked why land use was removed from the Motion.

Mayor Holman explained land use was included in built environment and
livability.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to change the Priority to: “The Built Environment: Multimodal
Transportation, Parking, and Balanced Land Use.”
                                                                         Page 8 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/31/2015
