                             MINUTES
Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

15.   Review and Approval of the Draft Legislative Program Manual and
      Draft Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic Initiatives.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, reported the draft Legislative
Program Manual and Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic Initiatives
represented a comprehensive legislative program framework. The draft
Legislative Program Manual was intended to serve as the City's ongoing
guide to legislative policy and procedures to be reviewed every 2 to 3 years.
The draft Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic Initiatives was intended to be
revised in the fall and spring of each year. The fall meeting would be a
proactive planning session focused on legislation advocacy. The spring
meeting would be a planning session focused on reacting to and taking
positions on proposed legislation. The Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic
Initiatives allowed the Council to provide a clear framework within which
Staff and legislative advocates could work.

James Keene, City Manager, added that the City mostly reacted to emergent
legislation. The Manual, containing the City's basic policies and philosophy,
would inform Staff with respect to stating the City's position or drafting a
response letter. Should legislation fall outside policy areas, Staff would
present an item for Council discussion. Planning legislative strategy would
allow the City to be proactive in responding to legislation. He recommended
the Council adopt some initiatives and guidelines for Staff. Having recently
discussed changes to the Density Bonus Law, the Council should note the
proposed initiative regarding reform of housing allocations.

Vice Mayor Schmid advised that the Policy and Services Committee
(Committee) was meeting with State and Federal lobbyists in the fall and
spring of each year.       The draft Manual and the presentation were
contradictory as to whether the Council or the Committee would review
legislative planning in the spring and fall. The Council should prioritize
initiatives.

Mr. Keene indicated the full list of issues was the result of brainstorming by
the Committee.

Vice Mayor Schmid clarified that the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)
presented a series of topics for the Committee to consider.

Mr. Keene remarked that the Council could identify other topics as important
issues.



02/17/2015                                                              117- 20
