                          TRANSCRIPT
In other words, this site that we're looking at is surrounded by other project
zones that could be 50 feet. This is the existing building. It's a two-story
structure. As you heard before, because it just turned 50 years old,
California CEQA law does require that it go under a historic review. Although
it is an example of mid-century modern, I do have a hard time expressing a
desire to retain it as an example of mid-century modern. We heard some
very nice statements from residents of the Eichler neighborhoods where it's
a consistent pattern that they would like to maintain. This is a one-off that's
surrounded by other stucco and stucco clay tile and then the Santa Clara
County Courthouse building which is predominantly concrete across the
street. This view on the right is also part of the 2555 Park existing building.
You're seeing the soft story structurally. All of you are aware that in a
seismic event of any real significance that this is not a safe condition.
Granted, it was completely Code compliant when it was built 50 years ago.
Frankly, we can do better, and we are proposing to put in a building that is
seismically safe, environmentally sensitive, and will be LEED Silver certified.
This other image on the left is a view of the single-family residence that's at
the back corner of our site. It has a short contiguous property line. You're
seeing the existing home itself. I believe it's set about 9-foot-4 back from
the property line. There is a silver dollar eucalyptus tree that's a foot or two
off of their property line that, during most of the year, provides either a lot
of shade or protection to the house. This is a site plan of the project. What
you're seeing here is the proposed rooftop set against the adjacent
conditions. Park Boulevard, we've talked about. Grant Avenue, the public
street on the right of the site. Sherman Avenue here. This is 150 Grant.
This again is a site adjacent to the RM-40 Palo Alto Central that could easily
be developed as 50 feet. What you're seeing here are the proposed
collapsible umbrellas on the roof terrace. You're seeing one stair tower
here, a second one on Park. This smaller dark rectangle is the elevator
enclosure. This zone is the mechanical enclosure. The answer to your
earlier question is it's a 6-foot wall surrounding the mechanical equipment.
The roof terrace is set back 15 feet from the perimeter on the north, 15 feet
from Park, 25 feet from Grant, and over 50 feet from this property line on
the left. You're also seeing the new crosswalks and the new bike lane
improvements with the bulb-outs along Park. I'd like to run through a video
of the project. Again, the crosswalks. You're seeing here the enhanced
width of the sidewalk. It's an 11-foot-9 effective width. The seat bench, the
green planted wall, the bulb-outs, the enhanced safety for bicyclists and
pedestrians as they travel down Park Boulevard. Here we have the main
entry to the building with the bicycle parking adjacent to the front door.
There's a generous covered zone again promoting pedestrian safety and
activity. As we come around, there's the stair tower with the feature
window. As we swing further, you notice the two exterior balconies here.
Only now are we starting to see the roof terrace, because it is so far set
                                                                         Page 42 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
