                          TRANSCRIPT
to identify a safe and comfortable route, an east-west connector across the
Midtown neighborhood between Alma Street and Highway 101. We're
evaluating five different alignments. Really as it began, the project did
evolve from studying primarily the Matadero Creek Trail to taking a much
closer look at many on-street alternatives. At the end of the study, where
we need to get is to have a project that's constructable; that will not create
significant traffic, neighborhood and environmental impacts; and that's
feasible and cost effective to build and maintain. When Josh came onboard,
a lot of work had been done in the past on the study that we were able to
take a look at and evaluate. What we found was that we really needed to
take a step back and do some stakeholder meetings with the Water District
because of some concerns that had been identified regarding
constructability. I won't go into the whole scope of the feasibility study right
now, just so we can focus our limited time. These were some of the draft
evaluation goals that we developed with our Citizen Advisory Committee.
Any project that the City advances will need to be a safe and comfortable
route, again without significant impacts to the neighborhood, traffic or to the
environment. It needs to be feasible and cost effective to build and
maintain. These are the five alternatives that we narrowed down upon with
the Citizen Advisory Committee and the community advice. We started with
eight, and some of the ones we were looking at earlier were considered to
be not in the Midtown neighborhood, not serving Midtown well enough.
These are the ones we're moving forward with: Oregon Avenue to the
north, Colorado Avenue, Matadero Creek, Loma Verde Avenue and Meadow
Drive. Another key element study and what we heard strongly from the
community is any east-west Midtown connector will not effectively serve the
neighborhood if we can't get folks across Alma and Caltrain. It's our longest
stretch of the Caltrain corridor without a crossing. From California Avenue to
Meadow Drive, it's 1.3 miles. This is one component of the study; it's a very
high level look at locations for potential under and over-crossing of Alma
Street and Caltrain. That's something we've been working on. Just to touch
upon some of the community input. From the beginning, we've had a
broad-based support for new east-west bike routes in Midtown. The devil's
in the details. We have heard a high level of input just regarding a lot of
questions regarding how a creek trail could be designed in a very limited
right-of-way. Early on concerns were about a potential trail curfew and
could the trail be lit at night, would it be a 24/7 trail, and what will happen
at the intersections when the trail meets Middlefield Road and other mid-
block crossings. In August of this year, we reached out to the Water District
and set up a meeting. We took our project team there and talked to their
staff who have a lot of experience building trails along creek corridors in the
county. The primary concern that the Water District has identified for this
project for the creek trail alignment is really the narrow easement that they
have. It varies from about 36 feet to 60 feet. In most of the Midtown
                                                                            Page 23 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
