                             MINUTES
Raines Pithan agreed with Mr. Anderson's comments. The City or Palo Alto
Housing Corporation could provide gap funding for purchase of the property,
and then sell the property to Park residents.

Aram James believed it was critical to retain the Park. He read from a
Supreme Court opinion regarding the importance of open proceedings. The
community would have confidence in a final decision if a full hearing was
held first.

Edie Keating noted the Mobilehome Park Ordinance had never been tested.
The Council had an opportunity to use its discretion in determining the
process going forward.

Lenore Cymes sympathized with Park residents' distress at the possibility of
losing their homes. She hoped the Council allowed the appeal.

Mark Weiss stated there was enough for all needs but none of the greed.

Ms. Nanda noted the Ordinance required the Park owner to prepare a
Relocation Impact Report. The previous hearings were public and held at a
time and place convenient to residents. The Hearing Officer's decision spoke
to the compelling testimony provided at those hearings. Park residents and
the public had provided their input, and the Hearing Officer carefully
considered that input. The Council should enforce its Ordinance.

James Zahradka, Law Foundation of Silicon Valley, advised that the Council
needed to hear from the people affected and have that in the record.
Reading testimony was not the same as hearing it. The City Attorney
proposed that the record was closed. The issue was too important for the
Council to take that approach. The standing of the Residents Association
was legally supportable.

Mayor Holman noted the time was 10:00 P.M., and the Council had three
remaining items on the Agenda.

Ms. Stump added that special counsel was present for the Closed Session.

Mayor Holman asked if Agenda Item Numbers 14 and 15 were time
sensitive.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that Agenda Item Numbers 14 and 15
pertained to Council endorsement of legislative policy. Bills were introduced
into the State Legislature during January. Perhaps the Council could hold
brief discussions and take action with the idea of amending any action in the
future.


01/12/2015                                                            116- 316
