                             MINUTES
Wynn Grcich stated minimum wage earners worked double shifts in order to
feed and house their families. If minimum wage earners lost their jobs, they
often became homeless.

Jeff Weaver asked the Council to exercise leadership in addressing the issue
of minimum wage. Any debate should include all aspects of compensation.
Studies reported no negative impacts from increasing wages for low-income
families.

Carol Lamont urged the Council to increase the minimum wage.        It was a
moral issue.

Paula Rugg wanted minimum wage earners to continue in their jobs. She
supported raising the minimum wage. The Council should align its actions
with the Priority of Healthy City/Healthy Community.

Aram James suggested the Policy and Services Committee hold a public
hearing on the issue. A city could not function without minimum wage
earners.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to refer the matter to the Policy and Services Committee supported
by appropriate Staff as determined by the City Manager, to analyze and
make recommendations to the Council on a Citywide Minimum Wage
Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff noted the Santa Clara County Cities Association
made the topic a priority for 2015. Other Peninsula cities were considering
raising the minimum wage. The Policy and Services Committee should
consider Ordinances from other cities.

Council Member Filseth did not believe raising the minimum wage would
result in fewer service jobs.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

14.   Colleagues Memo From Council Members Berman, Burt, Holman, and
      Kniss Recommending Adoption of Resolution 9493 entitled “Resolution
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Urging CalPERS Divestment from
      Fossil Fuel Companies.”

Council Member Berman advised that the Resolution was a request for the
California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS) to divest its funds
from the top 200 fossil fuel companies. Peninsula Interfaith Climate Action's



02/09/2015                                                            116- 476
