                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “protection from outside
threat or terrorism.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I would actually just suggest instead of terrorism
saying small and large-scale human threats.

Mayor Holman:     Human threats could be any number of things besides
terrorism.

Council Member Wolbach: That's right. I'm trying to keep it broad, because
we're giving broader direction.     Whether it's for terrorist reasons or
domination reasons or invasion reasons, there are lots of reasons that
people might do nefarious things with a large-scale impact.

Mayor Holman: I think I'm good with the language the way it is. I don't see
a second to that.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to replace in the Motion, “terrorism” with “small and large scale
human threats.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, I think we are ready to vote on the
Motion having to do with the Safety Element. It started with supporting
regional efforts on improving Bay levees in the Safety Element to include
references to other elements as appropriate. The Safety Element should
reflect protection and respect for civil rights, civil liberties and privacy,
emphasize a safe and secure water supply, safety from dangerous climate
events such as but not limited to sea level rise and fire risk. The Safety
Element will include emergency preparation and coordination with citizens
and protection from outside threat or terrorism. With that, vote on the
board—Tom, did you have another comment?

Council Member DuBois: No.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes also unanimously
with Council Members Berman, Scharff, Burt and Kniss absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-0 Berman, Burt, Kniss, Scharff absent

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, you want to kick us off on the
Business chapter?
                                                                       Page 65 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
