                          TRANSCRIPT
past, so it's exciting to come. I have been in communications with Staff on
this issue, and I have been led to the belief that this ordinance is really to
bring other industries up to the level that the restaurant industry has been
facing within the City over the past couple of years. This is untrue.
Unfortunately, now there will be new regulations to our industry. We want
to really work this out, to find something that we're able to live with,
possibly extending the implementation date. Some of my restaurants and
my members within the City have contracts that run to mid-next year. Also
in addition, they have this product already in stock; they need to get rid of
this product so they're not at a loss before they purchase new product. It is
clear to see that the restaurant community within the City does have several
routine partners with abatement efforts on getting rid of litter. Some of my
members have adopted freeways. Other of my members provide meals at
trash pickup days. We really are working with the City on this issue, but it is
not a comprehensive effort just to ban one product. What the City really
needs to do is it really needs to look at other activities to get rid of litter,
such as creative ways to do prevention and cleanup, more education effort
to educate the public on what polystyrene is and how it can be properly
recycled and/or properly disposed of.         In addition, it needs stricter
enforcement and liability to those who do litter. Polystyrene within the
restaurant community is the number one most effective product to keep
foods fresh, cold and/or hot. Food-borne illnesses are the number one cause
in my industry of getting people sick. Polystyrene products, like I said, keep
the contents hot and/or keep them cold. We really need to try and work
together on an issue that is for the greater public safety in the food service
industry as well as the litter industry. We look forward to working with the
Council and the Staff as this continues to go forward. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for your comments. Cedric de la Beaujadiere.

Cedric de La Beaujadiere: Hi, thank you. I support this ordinance. I think
it's a lot easier to keep things out of the creeks if we keep them out of the
production stream in the first place. I don't think you can really expect that
say you get everybody out there cleaning up creeks, there's still going to be
these little particles everywhere getting into fish, getting into all of our
organisms and just polluting us. This is a larger issue than Palo Alto, but
Palo Alto also has to protect its own creeks and its own contribution to the
marine ecosystem. Yes, the State or the country should do more on its side,
but this is an area that we can control. We should do what we can here to
take care of this problem. Thank you to Staff for bringing this ordinance
forward. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speaker on this item is Rita Vrhel.


                                                                            Page 56 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
