                           TRANSCRIPT
know. These past few weeks, we've seen a little bit of a change in outlook.
Instead of saying, "Let's get rid of those poor people. Let's get rid of those
old buildings. Build new buildings. Get rich new people." People are saying,
"Wait a minute. We don't want to get rid of those poor people. We don't
want to get rid of those old buildings. They're actually useful. Why can't we
have new buildings also? Why can't we use the old buildings for something
else?" We're pretty much stuck in a throwaway mindset. It's been a month
since I looked at the gym at Palo Alto High School and realized that there
was no reason why it had to be demolished. None. I had thought it was in
the middle of a cluster of buildings, and they wanted to put a new one in.
It's not; it's out there. Anyway, I would like to suggest that you spend a
little bit of time thinking about what will happen if we have depression and
deflation. Some of this stuff will be all to the good. A lot of solar will help,
because we won't have to spend so much on energy. That would be good.
It would be good if right now in addition to the work on new construction
and new requirements, you help people do something with their old houses
to make them energy efficient and water efficient. I have a tenant and I
said, "You could have maybe an extra shower if we took out the tub." She
said, "I really like the tub." Nobody is even thinking about some kind of a
pump where that tub water could water the apricot trees. Nobody's even
looking at it. You guys should. It would be a big help to everybody, a big
savings. Thanks so much. Good night.

Mike Francois: Good evening, City Council. Mike Francois, your next door
neighbor from East Palo Alto. Just a couple of comments. This has to do
with recycled water, the first one. It says infants below the age of six
months who drink water containing nitrates in the excess of mcl will become
seriously ill and if untreated may die. Symptoms include shortness of breath
and blue baby syndrome. Erosion of natural deposits discharged from
refineries and factories, run off from landfills and lands, run off from fertilizer
use, leaching from septic tanks, sewage, erosion of natural deposits. This is
from nitrate and nitrogen, which is basically ammonia. Ammonia is put in
water, as we know, to kill the smell and kill the germs. We know that.
These are things you should consider. Also, you're talking about vehicle
transportation. Tata Motors last year out of India, and India as we know
went further than the United States has even been in space. They've
actually gone to Mars. The United States should be monitoring them,
because their technology is way out there. Tata Motors has developed a
vehicle that runs on air. People laugh at that. They also laughed at running
off of cooking oil for a while there. In fact KFC, they laughed at that but that
came to be. Wynn Parker, Republican Broadcasting Network, who is a 15-
year student at Stanford who has studied science and law, comes on the
radio every Sunday morning from 8:00 to 11:00 A.M. He talks about all this
stuff you are talking about.         He talks about where it's going, who's

04/20/2015                                                                 117- 312
