                          TRANSCRIPT
hummingbird says it's living proof of a shared environment. There's a
deeper meaning to some of these than just the dollars that we can assign to
them. Another is interface with nature; I mentioned the mental health,
social well-being aspect. Interface with nature also enhances learning
environment. We can see that a number of aspects of what makes Palo Alto
a great place to live are directly associated with our urban forest. Likewise,
we have some measureable benefits that are very important. The urban
forest has been shown to directly influence retail, which you just talked
extensively about. Sales tax in particular is influenced by the willingness of
people to come to a place and park their car in front of a retail outlet and
stay there for a time period. Some studies have shown that retail sales
increase on average 11 percent for outlets that have nice trees and
landscaping as opposed to those without.             Property taxes, likewise,
influenced in the amount of 5-25 percent depending on tree canopy. In Palo
Alto, we can see that even a 10 percent increase in property values would be
a substantial amount of money coming into the City coffers. It's also a
factor in attracting and retaining business, plus contributes to higher job
satisfaction. There again, strongly relates to our quality of life in Palo Alto.
Also, strongly correlated to carbon sequestration, a benefit that we can
measure. Carbon is, in current terms, the currency of sustainability. While
sustainability encompasses a number of different benefits, carbon seems to
be one that many people are paying a lot of attention to. The urban forest is
one of the very few and the most substantial part of our green infrastructure
that actually sequesters carbon. All of our other sustainability programs
seek to minimize impacts, where the urban forest is a net positive. We
looked at cost of benefits a number of different ways. We want to make
sure that our programs are operating efficiently. We calculated first a
benefit to investment ratio or a cost-benefit ratio. $3.22 or $3.22 in benefits
for every dollar that we spend is our current output. Note this was done for
our inventory trees only, which is our street trees and our trees in our urban
parks; not the entire urban forest. However, the Master Plan proposes a
much broader analysis that would evaluate private trees, that would
evaluate our trees in our open space areas. The Master Plan envisions that
we will have a much more comprehensive view in the future. Here is the
ranking on ratio for 24 cities that conducted a street analysis of cost and
benefits the same way that the City of Palo Alto did. These are cities that
have comprehensive programs. This is not an exhaustive list of all cities in
the country that have an urban forestry program, obviously. You can see at
the bottom of the list is San Francisco, which is getting $1.01 for every
dollar that they spend. At the top is Elk Grove. Palo Alto is about the top
third of the list. Ratio is greatly influenced by not only the amount of
benefits that the forest is generating, but by how much you spend. You can
spend a lot less and have a better cost-benefit ratio, but you may not
generate the amount of net benefits. We also wanted to calculate a
                                                                          Page 68 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
