                         TRANSCRIPT
Avenidas to put together a place where they can identify themselves and
hopefully with either some of our own or with help from the City we can
deliver sandbags to those who want them, by their doors for instance. I'd
also like to thank Jim Keene who when this first came up several very
nervous people all of sudden realizing there was going to be El Nino, started
asking questions about it and he rallied the Staff and also responded very
quickly to them. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Would Staff care to respond to Mr. Fisher's comments?

Mr. Keene: Can I make a stab first, Mike, and you can embellishment it?
This is really the question about how the City could use sandbags or some
other approaches to increase the capacity in the channel of the creek at
certain locations. We have been looking at this. Our Staff can talk about it
in more detail. There are some challenges in the fact that we have a series
of bridges along the creek which have different carrying capacity, and
they're all limited to some extent. The carrying capacity at Pope-Chaucer,
as I understand, is about 5,500 or so cubic feet per second or cfs carrying
capacity.     It's about 6,000 as you get down to the next bridge.
Unfortunately, by the time you get to the 101 bridge, it's about 4,700 cfs.
The increased capacity as we carry water down the channel obviously runs
into problems downstream. One of the things we're trying to take a look at
is if there are additional triage, temporary efforts we make in the channel,
what are the implications that increases flooding elsewhere, in another
neighborhood or part of the City which is a very real possibility. We've got
to be thinking about that. Obviously very, very difficult choices. This has
been something that Staff has—we've talked about 20 different concepts
along the way. I don't think we're at a point yet where we can firmly report
out. There were some very good points made by the first speaker. Just in
response to Mr. Heister's comments. We're also, though, working with a
number of other partners who might be able to assist seniors or other folks
in being able to access sandbags and provide some assistance. Again, some
time we think over the next few weeks or so, we'd be able to sort of report
sort of what we could do in a programmatic way to be able to provide
assistance to folks who may not be able to pick up sandbags and that sort of
thing themselves. Mike.

Mr. Sartor: Thank you, Jim. I think Jim covered that question very well. I'd
just like to add that Len Matterman's comment that we have been meeting
regularly as a group with the City of East Palo Alto, Menlo Park, Water
District and County of San Mateo. Actually two weeks ago, that group was
split into two working groups. One is an emergency response working
group, and the second is a engineering working group. Those two groups
met last week to come up with additional recommendations for bettering our
                                                                      Page 32 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
