                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: This amendment would take out everything after "Staff."
Everything that's highlighted. Vote on the board please.

Council Member Scharff: On the amendment?

Mayor Holman: On the amendment. That amendment fails on a 4-4 vote,
Council Member DuBois not participating.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED FAILED: 4-4 Burt, Filseth, Holman, Schmid
yes, DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: We return to the main motion. Vote on the board please.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Can you read this?

Mayor Holman: This is to use the precise boundaries as outlined by the
Staff, and the development cap will not apply to office space approved as
part of the coordinated area plan or specific plan with the exception of South
of Forest Area plan and Staff will return with information pertaining to the
impacts of excluding SOFA II. That also fails on a 4-4.

MOTION AS AMENDED FAILED:             4-4 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach
yes, DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: Our next topic is ...

Council Member Burt: Where are we?

Mayor Holman: I'm looking for the next one in the Staff report. That is ...

Council Member Scharff: Land uses.

Council Member Burt: Does this mean we are going to have no boundaries?

Mayor Holman: We will have to come back to that after we have the rest of
the discussion. Land uses subject to an annual limit and exemptions. I
hope we can move more quickly through this.

Council Member Wolbach: There have been a couple of things stated before
that come to play in this portion of the discussion. For me, this is the crux
of the discussion tonight. It's very important. As mentioned before by a
couple of others, the key negative impacts of a thriving economy are
twofold. Too many cars for our transportation infrastructure, traffic and
parking impacts, and too many jobs for our housing supply, and our
jobs/housing imbalance moving from a pretty significant imbalance that
we've had for decades into something that's even worse, which leads to
                                                                       Page 59 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
