                          TRANSCRIPT
coming forward to you a year ago, we also visited your Planning and
Transportation Commission in October.           We discussed that Page Mill
Expressway in particular was facing some unique and difficult challenges. As
a result, over the last year in working with the City of Palo Alto as well as
the town of Los Altos Hills, it was agreed that a more in-depth look needs to
be taken of this corridor than we are doing for the other expressways in
Santa Clara County. In fact only one other expressway has received this
kind of detailed study. That was Lawrence Expressway. In that case, the
Cities of Sunnyvale and Santa Clara contributed and the County matched
funds to make that happen. The same is true in this case. We are grateful
and appreciative that the City of Palo Alto stepped forward and provided
$100,000 towards this project, which cost about $225,000 altogether. The
County provided the remaining funds. We're going to spend a few minutes
going over the summary of the need for improvements, the recommended
improvements, a phasing strategy and next steps. In terms of the need for
the improvements, we discussed this a year ago but it bears reminding. The
picture in the bottom right illustrates some of the problems that we are
having currently on Page Mill. It is not unusual in the morning, during the
peak period, for the cars to be stacked up from Foothill Expressway all the
way back to I-280 and onto the freeway mainline in both directions of the
freeway. That's how great the demand is coming off the freeway, heading
into Palo Alto. Because it's only two lanes in the eastbound direction, as you
can see in this picture, they're stacked the whole way. We have a similar
problem in the afternoon with going out, but it's not as severe because that
tends to be a longer peak period, so the cars spread out their trips more. In
addition, this interchange area presents a lot of challenges for bicyclists
traveling through the area. This has been recognized for a couple of
decades. There have been many attempts in the past to try to improve
conditions for bicyclists while at the same time dealing with this very high
volume and relatively high speed expressway connecting to a freeway. The
2003 Expressway Study nearly 15 years ago had come up with one possible
interchange reconfiguration that could help improve conditions for bicyclists
traveling through the area, as well as meet some of the need to better
facilitate traffic flow on and off the freeway. However, in looking at it again,
we discovered that there could be some level of service problems with that,
and it could create other problems of its own, which is one of the reasons we
took this study and looked at other options for the interchange to get a feel
for what could be needed. In addition, your neighbors to the west were
concerned about adding traffic signals and were asking could there be other
options for facilitating the freeway to expressway traffic flow. There's also a
lack of pedestrian facilities through the interchange area, so we took a
serious look at that. Although there's not a high demand for pedestrians, I
went and stood out there for 15 minutes and just watched and saw two
joggers go through. They are there. When you have a pedestrian, you do
                                                                           Page 2 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
