                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming this evening. Did Staff have anything
to add to that? I think that number has come down, has it not? It's still ...

James Keene, City Manager: The number has been reduced a fair amount,
but obviously we're still quite concerned about the situation.    As Ms.
Martineau mentioned, we're working as closely as possible with PG&E to be
absolutely certain that no tree is unnecessarily removed. We'll keep the
Council posted and the community.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. Yes, it's still a serious concern. I just
thought the number had come down. I thought we should be aware of that
too. Our next speaker is Cybele Bhushan, and you'll also have three
minutes.

Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan: Thank you. Good evening. The welcome rain
makes me think about the fact that we do have homeless, homeless women.
Also we have many people who just need affordable housing. They're
millennials living 12, as the Palo Alto Weekly pointed out, in a home. I want
to support the millennials living here. I want to support all manner of
affordable housing. That means that the City should look at the zoning,
especially in my personal example for attached dwelling units. An original
home that we bought in 1984 has 1,650 square feet, and we built an
addition back when our kids were young of 1,000 additional feet. These are
approximations. When I had a contractor go to apply for roping it off once a
daughter had grown up, I was told that my unit at the 1,650 original would
be too small to have another unit of 1,000 feet which makes no sense to me
since we have SROs and all of that, which are much smaller. Life has
changed. In Palo Alto, there's so much resistance to change. We can't
resist it. The future is with us, and we have to take that by the horns and
we have to look at it. Like Enschede spoke this evening, I was surprised to
see them and I was happy to see them. I want people to thrive here, and I
don't think we need to be "I got mine and I don't care whether you get
yours," to take that attitude. Having been to India 18 times in my married
life, when the trains are crowded people pull you on; they don't push you
off. I think we need to look at life a little bit differently. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Keith Bennett.

Keith Bennett: Hello, my name is Keith Bennett. I live near the intersection
of north California and Webster Street.       I'm here to talk about the
dewatering for basement construction. First, I would like to mention that
the issue of basement dewatering for residential construction is of concern to
a reasonable number of persons. I'm delivering tonight here some petitions
that specifically request a moratorium on new dewatering permits for

                                                                        Page 9 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
