                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman expressed concern that the Council was setting a
precedent. When setting a precedent, the Council needed to be sure it had
the appropriate analysis.     When talking about parking, speakers were
confusing employees per square foot with parking space per square foot.
The Code stated 250 square feet of office space per parking space. Data
indicated 100 percent of employees did not drive single-occupant vehicles.
There was a lack of clarity as to whether the analysis proposed in the Motion
would be reasonable and defensible. He wanted to ensure Staff and the
consultant understood that if they were concerned that an analysis was not
reasonable and defensible, then they were to present that analysis along
with a reasonable and defensible analysis so the Council would have options.
The City had lost control based on the State Density Bonus Law and had no
clarity as to what it could control. He questioned the Council's ability to
question the amount of the benefit for the developer from the concessions.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to direct Staff to return with additional analysis and information
detailing varying levels of benefits including at 100 percent of the concession
economic benefit, 50 percent of the concession economic benefit and 25
percent of the concession economic benefit.

Ms. Gitelman understood Council Member Berman was requesting a legal
analysis of whether the City could limit the value of the concessions so they
were more comparable.

Council Member Berman indicated that was one element. If Staff's analysis
determined the benefit was $10 million, the Council would want to know the
size of the project that would generate a $2.5 million benefit or a $5 million
benefit. He was concerned about the office space rather than the housing.

Ms. Gitelman was unsure whether Staff could analyze an unlimited number
of scenarios.   Perhaps Council Member Berman had one hypothetical
scenario he would like Staff to analyze.

Council Member Berman requested analyses of 25 percent and 50 percent of
the determined benefit.

Council Member DuBois clarified that Council Member Berman wanted to
know the amount of concession necessary rather than the amount of
concession sufficient to fulfill the State Density Bonus Law. It would be an
equation that stated this much of the concession provided this much benefit.

Mr. Kawahara understood the analysis would be separated into two parts.
The first part was merely an economic exercise, the financial analysis as
modified. The second part was more complicated. If the concessions were
                                                                         Page 30 of 39
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 1/26/2015
