                          TRANSCRIPT
spend a lot of time in the office. They're working on crime trends, crime
issues and spending a lot of time with our regional partners. From a high
level, that's how we deploy our folks. Again, I can tell you that the moving
of the shells for us is a daily occurrence. We rely on a couple of things. One
is our calls for service. Two is other data that we look at. We have heat
maps; we have a predictive policing software program that we look at. The
other side of it is what are our police officers telling us and what is our
community telling us. That's how we deploy. I will close by saying that in
the Fiscal Year 2016 there's money in the budget for us to do a police
services study. We plan to do that. I'm sure that the selected vendor will
have an opportunity to talk to you about your priorities on community
policing and deployment.         I'm certain that they will weigh in on our
strategies for deployment. I'm sure we'll get some good information. Thank
you. I'm happy to answer any questions.

Mayor Holman: Mr. Beacom, while you're there. Beat 2 is the Downtown.
What are the geographic boundaries of that, if you would please?

Mr. Beacom: Beat 2 is the area that is east of Alma Street, that goes all the
out to the freeway. The north end obviously is Palo Alto Avenue, and the
south end is Oregon Expressway.

Mayor Holman: Just one other puzzlement to me. I'm glad there's a police
services study in the budget. I have a puzzlement here, because I and
others who spend a lot of time Downtown, I can't recall ever encountering a
police officer afoot. Another Council Member has noted that they have seen
police officers on bike, but I haven't seen that. This is a large beat, so
maybe it's the dispersement. I've also gotten comments from the public
saying that it seems like police officers on their feet could help deter some of
the vandalism things we see, especially in the Downtown core area.

Mr. Beacom: Certainly. That's our problem if you're not seeing them and
our community is not seeing them. That's part of the reason we have them
on foot, so that the community feels safe and they know they're down there.
We can talk about that. Certainly I know that these guys and girls on this
team are creeping around. Maybe we need to pull them back on the
creeping and have them a little more visual. They are spending their time
Downtown unless we pull them off for some other issue.

Mayor Holman: I haven't done any extensive study of this on my own, but I
have read things that indicate that visible police officers on the streets can
be a crime deterrent. Maybe they're too stealth.

Council Member Wolbach: I wanted to address this also. Speaking only
anecdotally, I have on a number of occasions had the chance to bump into
                                                                         Page 14 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
