                          TRANSCRIPT
something new. Who those beneficiaries would be we couldn't know, but we
do know the 400 people who are living there now, the 100 children in our
school district. These people are part of the community now. It would be a
very sad day if we don't do everything we can to keep these people as part
of our community. Please don't let them down. Thank you.

Melodie Cheney: Good evening. My name is Melodie Cheney. I am a
resident. I'm also the secretary for the Residents Association. First, I'd like
to take the opportunity to say thank you for hearing us and hearing our case
and taking the time to who we are and who our supporters are. I would like
to implore you to match the funds that the County and Supervisor Simitian
has already allocated to us. Not just for us, but for future generations. To
keep it affordable housing for us, for future Palo Alto residents, for the
people who are the labor force of the City, your deli workers, your bus
drivers, your custodians. Keeping our park open would also mean the kids
now and in the future get the great education that Palo Alto is known for.
We have a zero dropout rate, and we plan to continue that as long as we're
there. That also means the people there and the people in the future can
continue to be productive members of Palo Alto as a community and society
as a whole. It means that you have people who want to stay there. We
have three generations there. Buena Vista has been important to me for a
few reasons. It's my first home. No matter where I go, I'm not going to
have the same feeling. I'm considered physically challenged. Living on El
Camino, right in front of a major bus line, the 22, which runs 24/7/365, I
can do my shopping; I can take my cat, Cleo, to the vet; I can get to work
at De Anza College, where I work for 17 years. If I have to move, which
with your generosity I won't have to, that's going to either have me pay rent
or food or vet bills. My home, which I bought 15 years ago, will be paid off
October 1st. I'd like to make sure I can live in that when it's paid off.
Thank you.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Honorable Mayor and the City Council and the
listeners of the citizens of Palo Alto and neighboring communities. I'd like to
express my gratitude to Jim Keene for coming up with $14 million as a plan
from the City, as well as Joe for County funds. It takes a lot of courage and
a lot of time to get these funds assigned. It's just a matter of us deciding
that we want to. This would be a testimonial for the care and good things
we do in Palo Alto. The nation is watching. Everybody knows about these
things. I would like to also ask the leaders of these communities, the
wealthy including John Arrillaga, Mark Anderson, the Packard family, Platt
family, Mark Zuckerberg, Carly Fiorina, Meg Whitman, Mark Hurd, including
all the other leaders that have benefited from working in Palo Alto and have
a lot of funds available to see if they can participate in making this happen.
There is nothing wrong with this. It's wonderful. This is the way America is
                                                                         Page 18 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
