                          TRANSCRIPT
have a lot of people that are refugees from homelessness. We have empty
buildings too, and they could go into them." Perhaps it might be the time to
have a moratorium on tear-downs until we can accommodate these people.
When people want to build and add on to, say, a 60,000 square foot building
and make it a 90,000 square foot building, maybe we could say, "If you
want to add, you may add housing. It'll still give you a profit, although not
as much of a profit, and it will help with the housing need." At any rate,
while I was thinking of this, as you may know the Birge Clark architect did
Palo Alto gymnasium has been torn down. My point of view with it in talking
to you and the School Board was it's public property. The taxpayers paid for
it. It could serve a need of housing the homeless women. It wouldn't
bother anybody. Maybe that's not the way. Maybe I should have from the
beginning explained why we need a shelter, why you cannot have women
around and about and not sheltered at night. I thought, "They all know
that. I don't have to say that." Then, a couple of weeks ago, Mayor Holman
in the most adroit, clever, beautiful, with finesse mentioned that there's a
problem when there are big athletic events, and we were taking care of this
problem by checking with the motels. I thought, "She has explained,
without once using the word prostitute, what she expects and what we're
doing about this problem." Why can't I do that? Why am I so squeamish?
Why can't I just say—but I can't say it. I'm going to. The reason you can't
have women around—these are women, mind you, who have blameless sex
lives. They got married. Their husband had a mistress. The mistress got
pregnant.    They were dumped.       They're homeless.    We've got to do
something about that. Is that okay? Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Our next speaker is Mark Weiss, to be followed by our final
speaker this evening under Oral Communications, Elaine Meyer.

Mark Weiss: I thought that was an excellent event earlier this evening,
produced by the City Manager's Office and Janice Svendsen, his assistant,
and Mayor Holman. As an addendum to that, I've brought my father's
honorary discharge papers. I found this in his closet. This is a government
document, and it was given to him in 1944. It's a wallet-size version, and it
has his military record. I just wanted to read that into the record. My father
was Paul Edward Weiss. He was born October 6, 1924, and he passed away
August 25. He lived in Palo Alto for the last ten years of his life. I just want
to read this. He told me a little bit about his war record. He didn't like to
talk about it. He was 18 years old, and he served for two years on a landing
craft, infantry flag flotilla ship, as a radar man and then went to college on
the G.I. Bill and became a businessman. I don't know what they were
thinking when the government gave him this document. I guess they knew
that 70 years later someone would invent these cell phones with cameras so
I could take a picture of the document and blow it up. Basically, the five
                                                                             Page 9 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
