                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Zewdie: Right. Even if we add another through lane, we don't have the
space on the west side of the intersection to accept that second lane. It's
practically not possible unless we talk about right-of-way acquisition through
that intersection.

Vice Mayor Schmid:        I mean, maybe you could put flowers on it or
something. The other thing you're doing to the intersection, you are putting
the merge on the eastbound side. If there already is a backup, what you're
doing is causing a merge backup into the intersection. It would aggravate
the stacking problem. These are just beyond the borders of what we're
talking about tonight, but I wanted to make the case that the transition of
this corridor to that busy San Antonio street, which is 100 yards away, is an
important one. What you have plotted here just doesn't seem to make
sense. You might note that as you look at the intersection of this transition
into the next road.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to address a couple of the critiques
that we've heard about the project. I think they are worth addressing. I am
going to support the motion, but I do want to acknowledge some of the
criticisms that were made. When it comes to cut-through traffic, I'll admit
it. There have been times on Arastradero where I was frustrated with the
traffic, so I went around it and went onto side streets like Maybell. When I
was a kid going to Gunn before I drove myself, my dad who is one of the
most even-tempered people I've ever met, he would have to fight to not get
road rage back in the '90s dealing with the traffic that was there at the time.
Occasionally, we'd cut to side streets. I think it's important to note that this
isn't a new problem. The restriping of Arastradero did not cause the traffic
on Arastradero. A picture is worth a 1,000 words, so here's a picture of
Arastradero in 2003. You can tell it's 2003, because it's a picture of a
parking lot which is Arastradero, but no Priuses and no Teslas. Thank you,
Penny Ellson, for sending me the photo. It's not a new problem. The
problem of growth, of jobs, etc., in our region, in Palo Alto, undeniable.
Absolutely need to be considered. How we reduce the number of people
having to drive to get to the Research Park, very important question. It's
bigger than this project. We are working on a ton of avenues to improve
mode share, to get people who want to do something other than drive out of
their cars. I'm a driver myself. When I have an opportunity to take
something else, I do as well. Those are definitely important questions, and
we've got to keep working on them. I will point out that we've had almost
an order of magnitude increase in the number of people biking to Gunn from
the time I was going there to now. Almost an order of magnitude increase,
which is tremendous. What facilitates that kind of increase is safety biking.
Parents feel safe sticking their kid on a bike; the kid feels safe riding the
                                                                         Page 99 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
