                              MINUTES
ignored in-place value and allowed the park owner to take advantage of not
maintaining the park. Ignoring in-place value was not fair to residents. The
price of housing in Palo Alto had increased exponentially. The park had a
high value because it was located in Palo Alto. The Ordinance did not
contemplate consideration of the appraised value. It did contemplate the
amount needed for a resident to move to comparable housing. The Council
should consider that measure.

Council Member Burt requested the City Attorney review information that
was in the public record and public knowledge in 2001. He recalled the park
being given approximately ten years of amortization of its infrastructure.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, was not employed with the City in 2001. People
on the dais and in the room could have some recollection of those
conversations in 2001. From reviewing the material in the record, she
understood the primary focus or the instigation of the public conversation
among the park owner, the residents, and the City involved a rent increase
and the City's desire to regulate in that area. The Mobile Home Park
Conversion Ordinance resulted from those conversations. Parties who had
reviewed those records in detail could have additional comments.

Council Member Burt remarked that Ms. Stump did not address the ten years
of remaining infrastructure life in anticipation of eventual closure of the park.

Ms. Stump had not specifically researched that question. There was some
material in the record that was relevant to that topic. She knew the Council
had reviewed that information.

Council Member Burt requested either party address park infrastructure.

Ms. Nanda explained that the Council's discussion of the Mobile Home Park
Conversion Ordinance and the rent Ordinance was prompted by the park
owner's notice of a rent increase published on October 1, 2000, which would
become effective January 1, 2001. The Council began meeting about the
matter in 2000 and enacted the Ordinance in 2001. The minutes of those
Council meetings reflected that a Council Member acknowledged that the
useful life of the park was ten years and that there had been discussion with
the park owner about the life of the park and his continuing its operation. A
Mobile Home Park Conversion Ordinance was enacted, because the Council
and Staff foresaw the closure of Buena Vista. The Ordinance was enacted
specifically with Buena Vista in mind.

Council Member Burt advised that was consistent with his recollection. The
appraiser stated he was not aware of that circumstance. He inquired about
the number of current residents who were living in the park in 2001.
                                                                          Page 16 of 41
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 04/14/15
