                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Google, it is the big dog at this point. We're all kind
of waiting to see if he's going to bark in Palo Alto or not. That's kind of an
interesting situation for us to be in, to be kind of just waiting to see what
one company is going to do. That was a statement rather than—it could
have ended with a question mark, but I think that it's pretty obvious. I
appreciate your answers. I do recall very well how sobering it was to go to a
conference where cities had run into this and had really discovered that
there are many potential lawsuits that are waiting.

Ms. Hovis: One can strongly believe in this infrastructure and believe in and
support municipal ownership without believing that it's going to be easy. It's
simply not going to be easy. There are lots of outside forces who will tell
you that it's going to be easy, but their agenda is not to protect the City. I
think that caution is very prudent. At the same time, there are some very
attractive policy outcomes to municipal ownership in this context.

Council Member Kniss: That's our balance. Exactly.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think the dialog we've had tonight has been very
interesting. I've learned a lot listening back and forth. Let me see if I can
feed it back and ask you the question, did I hear right. I guess I like
history.    I can remember the 1950s where AT&T was the regulated
monopoly. They had Bell Labs. They were probably the most sophisticated
technology center of the world. I can remember walking into Bell Labs and
getting a tingling feeling. This is exciting, the ideas that are flowing from
here. I also remember for 50 years with this exciting technology, they were
characterized by high prices and stifled innovation; had to wait for the
Europeans to show us what you could do. You have made the case, I think,
very effectively that fiber is important to the future, that it's not going to be
displaced by Wi-Fi at the meantime, that it has an enduring role. It is
important and critical. What it does, having fiber as an infrastructure, it
moves competition from who has the fiber to what services will be provided.
That's really where Silicon Valley is going and has been going for the last 20
years is let's create new services, new apps. You've also hinted or stated
fairly clearly that Google is like the old AT&T. They're in a position to be a
big, dominant player. If I've heard those messages correctly, the clear
implication is we should go to the RFI today, to go out and find out what can
we do, what potential partners or contractors can we find, rather than saying
"Let's wait for Google to tell us what they're going to do." Is that correct?

Ms. Hovis: Mr. Vice Mayor, I think that's entirely reasonable. To seek the
input of potential private partners and investors in this community, I think,
is a fine idea. You could do it now, or you could wait and see, have a better
                                                                         Page 36 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
