                             MINUTES
The analysis should split out the growth and use a local growth rate and
discount it by a pure risk adjusted cost of capital. Staff's suggestion for the
Council to request a pro forma that would support the off-menu concessions
was a good idea. Such an analysis would find substantial evidence that the
magnitude of area expansion, the off-menu concessions, would not be
required in order to provide for the cost of the BMR units.

Ms. Gitelman wanted to see the calculations and sources referenced by
Council Member Filseth in the interest of transparency. She could review the
information and provide a supplemental analysis. The Applicant paid the
cost of Kaiser Marston's analysis. In this case it would be incumbent upon
the City to pay the costs of a supplemental analysis. Staff could request a
supplemental analysis and provide the results at a later date.

MOTION:      Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid
to request   additional Pro Forma off-menu concession analysis and use a
discounted    cash flow approach applying local rental rate growth and
reasonable   risk adjusted cost of capital figures.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to review the rate of traffic growth
assumed at the intersection of Page Mill Road and El Camino Real using the
historic growth rate.

Council Member Scharff requested a timeframe for the item to return to the
Council and asked how many times the Council could request information.

Ms. Silver reported the time to act upon an application began to run upon
the approval of the environmental document. Apparently, the Council was
not prepared to certify the environmental document; therefore, the Permit
Streamlining Act had not been triggered. Generally, cities could take up to a
year to prepare the environmental documentation. However, changes in
circumstances could delay the timeframe.

Council Member Scharff noted the Council had not discussed why it was not
ready to approve the MND. He inquired whether the concessions implicated
the MND.

Ms. Silver replied no.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the further analysis of traffic would
implicate approval of the MND.




                                                                         Page 23 of 39
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 1/26/2015
