                          TRANSCRIPT
These are the recommendations that we saw embedded in the report. Mary,
you may have captured (crosstalk). In terms of the (inaudible) report input
process, I'm on Page 2, A. There are three items. Reevaluate the process
and potentially change it. That would happen through an offline debrief with
the CAOs, factoring in what we heard today. Go to every other year. That
is something that the Committee needs to be comfortable with.

Council Member Kniss: For direct reports.

Ms. Figone: For direct reports. The third is if you go every other year, in
the intervening years ensure at least on that frequency that the CAOs report
on what they heard in the prior year in their self-evaluations. That's the first
set of recommendations. Did you want to take them a set at a time, Mr.
Chair, or (crosstalk)?

Chair Burt: Is there anything contentious other than the frequency of the
direct report? That seems to be the one that we actually need to come to a
decision on.

Ms. Figone: One other alternative would be you skip it for next year, let the
process be reviewed, and then decide if you go every year.

Council Member Kniss: In truth, there are five more of us. We probably
want to hear from them about—if suddenly we changed the entire process
without their input, they may not be totally on board.

Chair Burt: It's a question of whether we would have this as an Action Item
rather than simply a Consent. Within that, we would peel off at least one
issue to say that we wanted to have the full Council input. We can have our
recommendation, but we're acknowledging that we should have full Council
input. Do we want to make a recommendation or do we want to just leave it
open?

Council Member Berman: (crosstalk) make a recommendation. I like the
idea of giving this a try and seeing how we feel about it this upcoming year.
If we decide we got a lot of value out of the direct report surveys, then we
can go back to that. I'm okay with giving it a shot.

Council Member Kniss: All of us are in their second year or our fourth year.

Council Member Berman:       Correct.   There's more stability this upcoming
year.

Council Member Kniss: None of us are brand new next year.


                                                                                     Page 36 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
