                          TRANSCRIPT
references in the Comprehensive Plan having to do with historic
preservation. It's stacking the deck. I will stop there. If you can answer
the questions that are raised there, I'd appreciate it.

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Mayor Holman, for those comments. I was almost
reading your mind as you were saying that about the attachment. I know
this has been a comment expressed by the Council before, about making
sure that we're including all policies whether they support the project or
don't. I'll make sure that we double our efforts on that. With respect to the
parking, there's 28 existing, onsite parking spaces; 43 are required by Code.
With respect to the historic upgrades, our consultant can speak in greater
detail to this if you want.      My understanding was that it wasn't the
disturbance of the lead or the asbestos so much as being a factor for not
supporting it, but the actual structural undertaking that would be necessary
that would result in the loss of the key character-defining features. That's
not to say it couldn't be done.

Mayor Holman: With due respect, that isn't how I read the language in
here. It sounds like this would be an improvement, because it would be
getting rid of asbestos and lead-based paint.

Mr. Lait: That's identified as one of the benefits of the project. Yes, that's
one of the purported benefits of the project. The Council decides whether or
not that is relevant versus retaining the existing structure. We're trying to
provide, I would say, a menu of options that could support that effort. At
the end of the day, if the loss of the historic resource is more important than
any gains provided by the new project, that's what we're trying to weigh
out.

Mayor Holman: My last question and then we'll go to our last round, if it
takes a round, that would include motions. My last question is it seems as
though—it's not the way it's stated—any building that was proposed for this
site, if it eliminated the soft-story building—I'm not 100 percent convinced
that couldn't be done without destroying the integrity of the building.
Quickly, the stairs were mentioned also, and that's a very common thing
that the State Historic Building Code is used for. It seems like any building
that is proposed for this site would eliminate the soft-story situation. If
we're going to make a Statement of Overriding Considerations, is that
enough, eliminating a soft-story building? It seems like if we're making a
Statement of Overriding Considerations, we ought to be requiring something
of the project that is a little above and beyond what any old building could
do at this site.



                                                                        Page 85 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
