                          TRASNCRIPT
Mitchell Park, getting ready for Rinconada. The buildings themselves were
the Strategic Plan; that was essentially our focus, how to move in and out.
Over that time, we took the opportunity to better understand the library
users' behaviors and also think about how we wanted to measure our
performance in an ongoing way. Having done all that and having completed
the construction projects, we knew that it was time for us to come up with a
plan to prepare us for a rapidly changing environment. We invited Jane
Light, a library consultant and retired library director, to come and assist us
with developing the Plan.

Jane Light, Consultant: Thank you, Monique. Mayor and Council, I talked a
lot with Monique about how to go about the Plan, and she reviewed and
pointed out to me all of the data that had already been gathered both
through the process of designing and planning these new buildings, but from
several other efforts that had been undertaken over time. It seemed like
the data about the community was already in place, so she appointed a
committee of ten Library Staff members. We have a list of the committee
members. They were a very interesting group. Actually, they were a great
group, but it was a diverse group of Staff members from different locations
at different classifications, professional librarians, supervisors who are not
librarians, a very involved group. However, they were also a very busy
group because, at that very time, they were getting ready to open Mitchell
Park and Rinconada. We set up as efficient a process as we could, meeting
usually every other week for about an hour and a half, and talked about how
we could also involve the rest of the Staff in a less intense way. The group
set up part of the intranet where they could put up the notices of our
meetings and the results of our meetings. Once we had some draft items
for them to consider, posted those and asked people to respond. We got
some very thoughtful responses to those. We then had an all-Staff meeting
that was a very brief, two-hour, very fun and intense meeting to do a
Library analysis based on the initial work we'd done about the Library vision
and mission. The Staff really came up with some great ideas, not only about
what strengths and weaknesses were, but ways to mitigate the weaknesses
and build on the strengths. After that time, we completed the work and
brought it back to the Staff to look at.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: I did want to point out that the list of the items provided
are in the Staff Report for this, as well as stakeholder interviews and other
information that we gathered. The reason that this is important for us is
that annually we have some challenges in terms of timing. In January, you
all meet and you come up with the priorities that you're going to have for
the calendar year. We provide budget performance outcomes as part of the
budget cycle, so that runs July to June. The City Auditor's SEA report and
results of the surveys, that happens in the fall of each year. The Library
                                                                         Page 2 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
