                         TRANSCRIPT
everybody said. I'm the 14 blocks that are completely impacted. I would
just ask you to take the recommendations of adjusting it to have the zones.
Definitely take into consideration Johnson Park because of the safety with all
the children using the park. Thank you very much.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.       Next speaker is Elizabeth Austin, to be
followed by Mary Dimit.

Elizabeth Austin: Hi. Let's see. I'm just going to be really to the point. I
live on Lytton between Guinda and the convergence of Palo Alto Way and
Seneca. We submitted a petition. We've been totally impacted with cars.
We can't find a place to park on our block. It's totally full because the
boundary begins right at Guinda. Not only is our block completely full, but
in the past it's a narrow street so what would have to happen is that if two
cars were trying to pass, they would have to sort of use the available space
that's now used by parked cars to sort of pull over and let a car pass. Now,
it's like completely dangerous.      My car's been sideswiped twice.      My
neighbor's car has been sideswiped. We had 100 percent participation on
our petition. I also want to mention—I was talking with Sue-Ellen about
this. I wrote this in the petition, but perhaps I should have more formally
included it. I strongly urge you to include Palo Alto Avenue in this annex
process, Palo Alto Avenue from Guinda to Lytton/Seneca, the convergence.
If you look at a map, these streets all kind of converge. It's a short block.
It's a very, very twisty road. It is highly dangerous to drive on period,
because people come around the corner not expecting an oncoming car with
the additional cars parked on that street. I wrote this in our petition. A
woman almost head-on collisioned my car because she was more in the
wrong lane due to the parked car on the side, if that makes any sense. My
point is to please include in the annex this adjacent street. If we don't, it
will be completely dangerous and impacted. Again this street is Palo Alto
Avenue from Guinda. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you very much. Next speaker is Mary Dimit, to
be followed by Perry Irvine.

Mary Dimit: Hi, good evening. I'm Mary Dimit; I live at University Avenue
and Guinda Street. I've lived there for 30 years, and we're on the edge of
the Residential Parking Permit Program now. Thanks also to Staff, Jessica
and Sue-Ellen. We now have places to park on our street, but the streets
right next to us are completely full for several blocks. I wanted to follow-up
on what the last speaker said. My request is to consider blocks have
different needs. Like she was mentioning Palo Alto Avenue with the curve,
there are other blocks that have no parking on one side of the street,
multifamily where you might have 50 units on that block where the next

                                                                       Page 38 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
