                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. Does City Staff or City Attorney have any
comments to make in response to speakers? City Attorney, you have your
light on.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Maybe I will say a few things. First of all, the
Staff certainly agrees and we hope it was clear in the Staff Report that a full
stakeholder-involved process is appropriate and needed. It’s a priority to
begin that in 2016. If Council as part of its Motion tonight wants to direct
the Staff to specifically include a process that would structure the
involvement of community stakeholders as well as be an open process that
everyone can participate in, we're completely comfortable with that. That's
totally appropriate. Just to respond briefly. The minimum standards that
are before you tonight do not enable or promote any leasing or commercial
activity that would not otherwise occur. The fact is that right now there are
not minimum standards or a threshold or a floor of requirements in place.
That doesn't mean that leasing and commercial activity can't go forward. It
could go forward. It would go forward in an appropriate case without those
uniform protective standards in place. We think it's advantageous to all to
put those in place on an interim basis subject to a community-involved
process that will take place next year. Happy to answer any further
questions.

James Keene, City Manager: I would just add obviously the item that we're
dealing with tonight pertains to the Palo Alto Airport. Although, it gets
aligned with and nested within, in many ways, the larger regional difficulty
and challenge we have mostly with air traffic going into SFO but also coming
out, and San Jose also. Not the subject for tonight exactly.

Mayor Holman: Understood. Council Member Kniss. I think on this item we
can entertain questions, comments and Motions. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to start with a Motion which recommends
the Staff recommendation which is "1" and "2," which I'm glad to read out
loud, but should include a "3" that includes the stakeholders as we move
toward a permanent standard to be in place at the airport.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

Mayor Holman: Seconded by Council Member Filseth.

MOTION:       Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to:

A.    Adopt a Resolution approving and adopting the Interim Minimum
      Standards and Leasing Policies for the Palo Alto Airport; and
                                                                            Page 90 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
