                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member comments to me, this Budget proposes to increase Library
operating hours by 32 hours or 14 percent per week, from 228 hours to 260
hours per week beginning in mid-August to coincide with the start of a new
school year. To support these increased library hours, the Budget includes
the addition of the equivalent of 4.8 positions, 3.3 full-time positions and 1.5
effective temporary or part-time positions. In conjunction with increased
library hours at the Mitchell Park Library, the Budget also includes funding
for increased recreation operating hours supported by modest Staff additions
at the Teen Center located at Mitchell Park Community Center. I would
imagine the Finance Committee may want to take a closer look at my
recommendations to see if you think that that is enough expansion at that
location given the extended range of hours for the libraries. For this year,
the Council added the Healthy City Healthy Community initiative. This
Budget includes funding for a community public health consultant to conduct
a study regarding health challenges for our residents based on age and other
demographics, use of emergency medical services and other statistics. We'll
be mostly trying to cobble together different funding sources that are
already provided or initiatives we have in our Budget to report on how we
are responding to the Council's initiative in that regard. In addition to the
2015 Council Priorities, this Budget addresses other important initiatives
such as continuing to advance the Development Services Blue Print, the
takeover of the Palo Alto Airport and initial funding towards planning and
rehabilitation of the Cubberley Community Center included in the Fiscal Year
2016 Budget. Further, as I've reviewed the City operations during the last
year in addition to listening to issues consistently raised in our community
and by Council, this Budget recommends more spending in Code
Enforcement staffing, adding additional special events in arts and sciences
program funding, and enhancements towards operational effectiveness and
design of alternative service delivery models and greater use of information
technology. As of April, this month, Staff anticipates that the General Fund,
as mentioned, will have savings of $5 million. As I mentioned earlier, we
are carrying forward $1.6 million into the '16 Budget. Just a highlight on
some of the new funding or the additional funding in this Budget. Related to
parking and transportation funding, a total of about $574,000, that includes
a Parking Operations Lead Staff to support that work. A Traffic Operations
Lead to support that work. Some of it is funded in the General Fund, some
of it is coming out of the Parking Fund to fund those positions. As I
mentioned earlier, the Library opening hours and service enhancements is
$493,000. I mentioned the staffing. With the addition of those hours, all
Library branches at the City will open at 10:00 A.M. except for College
Terrace which will remain on its closure schedule and the Downtown Library
which will remain on the days it's closed during the week. It will expand
weeknight Monday through Thursday operating hours at Mitchell Park and
Rinconada Libraries until 8:00 P.M., double Sunday operating hours at
                                                                             Page 4 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Trasncript: 04/27/2015
