                          TRANSCRIPT
keep in mind that those uses eliminate other uses that are desirable. If we
look at the survey that's on packet page 809, that survey pretty clearly says
that by the respondents, there were 328 of them, that 73 percent almost
said there's not enough retail. For me, that speaks loud and clear that there
are too many other things, whether that's office or restaurants or whatever.
To get this rolling, I just a couple of minutes ago sent a Motion to the Clerks
that tried to capture what I saw in the Staff Report, listening to Council
Member comments. There are a number of pieces to this; some of them are
pretty small. There are a number of pieces to this, and I know Council
Members will probably want to amend some of them. The Motion I'm
putting forward is to direct Staff to prepare a draft Ordinance to be reviewed
for recommendation by the Planning and Transportation Commission with
the following considerations including:          expanding the ground-floor
protections to include both sides of Cambridge, the lanes between California
Avenue and Cambridge, El Camino from Page Mill to Stanford, extending
Park Boulevard south and any other locations as found to be feasible and
desirable. Remembering, colleagues, that this is what we're having the
Planning and transportation Commission look at and the draft Ordinance that
the Staff is going to create. This is not our final action. This is all what
they're considering. Linkages from California Avenue to the Fry's site;
limiting formula retail; addressing the permanency of CUPs, in other words,
is there another means to do formula retail; limiting restaurants on
California Avenue to the current percent and independently also any
extended ground-floor district; limiting the number of hair and nail salons on
California Avenue; considering limiting the number of financial institutions on
California Avenue; adding the words "predominantly" and "generally open to
the public" to the definition of retail service consistent with the retail
Ordinance that we passed just last week; limiting new development and
rehabilitations off El Camino to respect the historical pattern of narrow
storefronts and square footages that tend to support smaller, local,
independent businesses; requiring that any demolition and major
rehabilitation be required to conform to ground-floor retail requirements.
This is a design thing, but it's critical to a healthy retail environment.
Prohibiting opaque windows at the ground floor in ground-floor protected
areas for any use including existing uses; and any other such matter the
Planning & Transportation Commission (P&TC) finds beneficial to retail
quality and retention. The last thing I added here is if any of the resulting
recommendations require additional research, Staff is to return to the
Council with an Interim Ordinance, not an Urgency Ordinance, with an
Interim Ordinance implementing those items that do not result in delay. The
reason for that is obvious. It's so that we can get in place what we really
need to and find critical at this point in time. I'm looking for a second for
the Motion, please.

                                                                         Page 63 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
