                          TRANSCRIPT
engineering. I'm sure you would agree that it would be unfortunate for the
City to lose that benefit of all this investment. The Moffatt & Nichol team
has collectively designed over 700 bridges in California. We have a lot of
experience with cost estimating. We have a lot of experience with delivering
projects like this. Working with us is simply put the fastest way to deliver
this project. We're just asking, give us a budget target and let us get to
work. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:       Thank you very much.         Our next speaker is Shani
Kleinhaus, to be followed by Mike Ferreira.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening , Mayor Holman and City Council. My name
is Shani Kleinhaus. I live on Corina Way, and I speak as a resident of the
City and no other function tonight. I'm reviewing the general plan update,
and there is a previous program which is the current Comprehensive Plan
talking about enhancing gateways and emphasizing the creek bridges and
(inaudible) the entrance of the City, especially mentioning Adobe Creek. I
think this was the motivation for trying to get to a very aesthetically pleasing
bridge that was the source of the design competition. There is a lot of value
in having a lovely bridge there. I would like to see one; I live near there. I
guess I'm here to advocate for not giving up the design that is so lovely.
When I advocated previously for not having the big bridge, a lot of people
supported this. They thought it was a very lovely bridge. Most people did
not like the confluence big bridge of those that I talked to. A lot of people
liked the more subdued, harmony-type of design that the Moffatt & Nichol
group brought up. I want to speak for a minute for Mike Ferreira; he could
not stay this long. He is the conservation chair of the Loma Prieta Chapter
of the Sierra Club. He gave me a sentence to tell you. He was very
concerned with impacts into the Baylands and the open space. The Moffatt
& Nichol bridge minimizes those impacts. He asked me to say that he
wishes the City would rescue as much of this existing project as possible or
as feasible to rescue. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Robert Neff to be followed by Herb Borock.

Robert Neff: Thanks. I just wanted to speak to encourage Council to find
the path for building this bridge in the most timely way. The sooner it gets
built, the sooner we do have a year-round crossing for bicyclists at that
location in Palo Alto, instead of the current 6-month crossing. I'm glad to
see the bridge design coming to you to be reconsidered for costs and for
what's the best way to move forward. Finally, I'd like to say that the 12-foot
width which is the Caltrans standard is really quite a generous width. All the
bridges that you see around here for bicyclists are 12 feet or less. The
Permanente Creek one is only 10 feet wide. There are bridges in Sunnyvale

                                                                       Page 107 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
