                          TRANSCRIPT
side. The left-hand side is June 30, 2012. The right-hand side is June 30,
2013. What I want you to do is just kind of take a look. June 30, 2012,
CalPERS was determining your contribution based on the actuarial value of
assets or that smooth market number, $128.4 million. Really on a market
value, your unfunded liability was $202 million. When we go to June 30,
2013 valuation, CalPERS is determining your contribution now based on
$190 million. That's the market value unfunded. That big change, what
really will drive your contribution rate up, we'll quantify that for you in a few
slides. If we look at Slide 8, what you really see is this volatility that I've
been talking about. The red bar is what's referred to as the actuarial
liability. The actuarial liability is the value of benefits due to service that's
already been rendered. Actuaries think of that as a target asset value.
That's how much money we would like to have you have set aside. One of
the things that's fascinating about this particular graph is that red bar just
kind of keeps growing. Why does it keep growing? Because people retire
and they don't die immediately and you have new people coming along
earning benefits. Then you have the green bars which are the market value
of assets. You can see assets greater than liabilities in the late '90s, and
then you see the liability bar continuing to grow. The big gap in the liability
bar really occurs in that 2009 year when you really have the big reduction in
the stock market. What you really should be able to take a look at this is
the big portion of the unfunded liability not generated by the higher benefit
levels, but really generated by the reduction in the stock market. No
question the unfunded liability would be lower had benefits not been
enhanced, but the majority of that unfunded liability really due to poor
investment returns rather than higher benefit levels. Then we see the same
thing on Safety. 68.9 million at June 30, 2012 is the basis of your June 30,
2012 valuation. You really had a $112 million unfunded liability on a market
value basis. Now, we go to June 30, 2013, the most recent valuation. Your
contribution based on a $105 million unfunded liability. Again, graph on
Slide 10 looks amazingly similar to the Miscellaneous. Order of magnitude of
the numbers is just different. You can see the liability bar continues to grow
over that period of time. With the green bar, the market value of assets,
quite volatile over that period of time. That volatility is what is going to
create the difference, the contribution rate changes as we go forward. Slide
11, I actually think Slide 11 is quite a fascinating chart. This happens to be
your non-Safety Plan. What it shows is what percentage of the actuarial
liability is due to people who are rendering service to the taxpayers on the
valuation date and what percentage applies to people who have already
retired. The blue line here is the active. If you look back in 1997, about 55
percent of your liability was for actives. Now you go to June 30, 2013
valuation, about 35 percent of your liability is for actives. When you look at
retirees, about 35 percent in '97 was for retirees and almost 60 percent is
for retirees. If you look at this graph, this falls under the category of really
                                                                           Page 5 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
