                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I agree with Herb that reading verbatim minutes, I
don't think it's that difficult. It's the quality of the people that make up the
sense minutes, and that varies dramatically of who you get. I don't know
about any of you, but it's too much work to look at the sense minutes, go
through the video and compare, unless something seems really off. What
you often get in those is something that's slightly off in the sense minutes.
Whereas, I can easily scan the verbatim minutes. We should definitely
produce the verbatim minutes.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid
to move to action minutes and a video as the official record of City Council
Meetings. Verbatim minutes will also be prepared.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The important point is that sense minutes are an
interpretation and they take some work to go through. At the extreme, you
have the minutes that come out of the UAC in which a 2 1/2 hour meeting is
turned into two pages. It is not helpful. Verbatim minutes give it to the
reader to decide how to read, how much time, how useful it is. There are
enough Council Members who find it valuable to go ahead.

Mayor Holman: Can I ask a clarifying question before going to Council
Member Filseth, who has hit his light? There's reference in the Staff Report
to DVDs and the Media Center. I'm not comfortable with relying on, maybe
this was just a for instance, a physical medium, because they go away, they
corrupt, readers go away. I'm not sure what the long-term sustainability is
of that. I was wondering if the intention is or is not to have the video record
be what's on the Media Center's site. Also, can we take Media Center video
and put it in the cloud as well?

Ms. Minor: Mayor Holman, the video goes on the Media Center's website. It
also goes on our MinuteTraq IQM2 website. When we move to the new way
I want to have our website for the agendas and minutes, it will also be
linked there. We are keeping the hard copy of the DVD. It will be in
numerous locations.

Mayor Holman: I feel better about that.

Council Member Scharff: My intention on this is that if it's the official record,
the City has a duty to keep its official records safe and available. I wouldn't
say how to do it. I would expect the latest IT to make sure that our official
records do not get lost.

Council Member Kniss: Are the verbatim minutes in the packet?              We get
verbatim minutes every time. Yes, no?

                                                                          Page 59 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
