                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We go then to Item Number 8 which is the Comprehensive
Plan structure including goals, visions statements and related issues for each
Element. In this case, it's Part III, Land Use and Community Design.
Welcome, Staff.

Jeremy Dennis, Advanced Planning Manager: Good evening, Mayor Holman
and Members of Council. I hope you all had a happy Halloween. Jeremy
Dennis, Advanced Planning Manager.          Before we started, I want to
acknowledge that there are a number of members of the Citizen Advisory
Committee here tonight in the audience, including our Co-Chairs, Arthur and
Dan, over there. I wanted to thank them for the time that they're spending
with us this evening going through the Land Use Element with you. Before I
jump into a very quick PowerPoint presentation, Hillary and I wanted to take
a few moments to comment on the process so far. We've very much
appreciated these opportunities to come before you seeking your guidance
and feedback. The Comprehensive Plan Update is the most important
activity the Advanced Planning team will be undertaking over the next 18
months. We've worked very hard to create a process at the CAC that is
transparent and inclusive, and we have had great success so far generating
good suggestions and ideas on the two Elements brought to them. That
wouldn't be possible without the direction you provide on vision statement
and goals. By providing the CAC and the public with your high-level
motions, you set the stage for the conversations that subsequently happen.
This is incredibly important. Without it, the product that would eventually
come forward could not reflect your concerns. We appreciate the time
between the goal-setting conversations and your review of a draft Element is
long and that we're all eager to see the results right now. You will see these
results, and you'll see them multiple times. Because we have scheduled
these check-in meetings with you on each draft Element, you'll have the
opportunity to dive deeper into the content, if you so desire, and see the
fruits of your goal-setting and the CAC's work on policies and programs as
well as the narrative sections and diagrams. It is our hope that these check-
in meetings, the first of which will be in January on the draft Community
Services and Facilities Element, will be when you can more thoroughly
examine the content for consistency and whether the CAC got it right. With
that, I want to dive right into the three principle questions that we have
before you tonight, based on the existing Comp Plan, the PTC's April 14th
revisions and the recommendations made by Staff in your Staff Report
before you. Number 1, how would you like to frame the vision for each
Element? How would you like to organize and articulate those goals? Are
you in support of Staff's suggestion that Policy L-8 be refined and potentially
supplemented with additional growth management policy? Finally, how
should housing issues be related back to the Land Use Element, and how
would they be addressed in this Comp Plan? I basically blew through my
                                                                        Page 32 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
