                         TRANSCRIPT
the proposed Ordinance which would raise the City's minimum wage to $11
an hour effective January 1st with annual increases tied to the CPI. Thank
you.

Dennis Raj: Good evening. My name is Dennis Raj, and I rise before you
today on behalf of the Affiliated Unions of the South Bay AFL-CIO Labor
Council. Mayor Holman and distinguished Council Members, I urge you to
raise the minimum wage and lift up those workers who struggle to make
ends meet. Specifically, I ask that you adopt an Ordinance that raises the
minimum to $11 an hour, includes automatic increases tied to inflation and
formally joins with Sunnyvale, Santa Clara and Mountain View to raise the
wage regionally to $15 by 2018. Too many of our community members live
below the self-sufficiency line and are unable to adequately clothe, feed or
shelter themselves, let alone their families. These workers face a daunting
economic reality, one where there are fewer and fewer opportunities to
earn a better wage. While the economy is recovering, the effects of this
recession can still be felt for the average worker. During the recession, job
loss was concentrated in the middle wage occupations. Post-recession, the
lower wage occupations have grown 2.7 times as fast as mid-wage and
higher wage occupations. Unfortunately, low wage work is the new normal
for many in our community. This is evidenced in the profile of minimum
wage workers. No longer are these jobs predominantly for teenagers and
first-time employees who work part-time for spending money. Instead, the
vast majority of minimum wage workers are adults averaging 37 years of
age. In fact, 89 percent are over 20 years old, and 56 percent of them are
women. Moreover, these workers are providers for their family. More than
a quarter have children, and on average they earn more than half of their
family's total income. These workers don't earn nearly enough to afford the
high cost of housing in our area. Data shows that the average rent in May
of this year for a two-bedroom apartment regionally was just shy of
$3,000. A worker would need to bring home close to $117,000 a year to
reasonably afford that. Even with increases in the State minimum wage,
the income needed to afford average rent is over $95,000 more than what
the minimum wage earner will bring home. These workers need your help.
I respectfully ask for your support.

Meghan Fraley: Hi. Thank you, Council, for your time. My name's Meghan
Fraley. I'm a clinical psychologist, and I work with adults and children
throughout the Peninsula including Palo Alto residents. I'm here tonight as
part of the Raise the Wage Coalition and as a Mountain View resident as
well. I stand with you all as an ally and a regional partner. At this
moment, Palo Alto, Mountain View and Sunnyvale have the opportunity to
address head on the devastating economic realities for hardworking people.
I would like to particularly emphasize three points. One, that working
                                                                         Page 24 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
