                         TRANSCRIPT

parking strategies we've been working on for the last six to twelve months.
We are excited to give you an update. Again, we're kind of still working with
this familiar diagram here that most of you have seen, this three-pronged
strategy, parking management, transportation demand management and
parking supply measures as they relate to Downtown parking conditions and
traffic conditions. We're going to go through at a high level kind of where
we are with all these projects tonight. First and foremost the Downtown
RPP, probably the most notorious of all the programs. The Residential
Preferential Parking Permit sales kicked off this weekend on Saturday. The
website to purchase permits is live at cityofpaloalto.org/parking if any of you
have checked out the website. The signage installation has also been going
up. Most of you probably noticed the signs with little plastic tags are coming
up around the neighborhoods. We're on schedule to complete the signage
installation by the end of August and starting enforcement hopefully the
second week of September. We will be giving a two or three-week warning
period before actually issuing citations. As far as the Phase 1 schedule for
that program, we're targeting to come back to Council in December. We'll
have collected three months of data of the kind of changing parking habits in
the neighborhoods as well as the number of employee and resident permits
that have been sold, which will help us sort of set the parameters for the
Phase 2 permit program. The target for Phase 2 is to begin in March 2016.
We have received some feedback from the community that a lot of folks
don't have access to computers. Since the RPP permit sales are being sold
online, we are giving some opportunities for folks to work with Staff to get
their permits purchased. We do have some dates here on the slide. We've
been publishing these on our website and other materials for folks to come
to the Downtown Library to purchase permits. We're also working with
Avenidas and Channing House to set up dates for permit sales. Again,
there's four weeks left to purchase the permits, and the enforcement will
begin in the middle of September. At that point, we will also have the
Parking Citation Manager at City Hall for a few hours every week in case
people have questions about contested citations. Next I want to talk quickly
about parking technology. This specifically relates to the technology we're
looking at integrating into our Downtown lots and garages. There's really
kind of two kind of big buckets of technology. The first is parking access and
revenue controls, otherwise known as PARCS. Basically, this is technology
that allows us to time stamp vehicles entering garages and provides the
infrastructure to support eventual paid parking strategies in the garages.
This technology will provide a platform to support whatever sort of
technology and strategy we end up going forward with. It's sort of the
baseline systems. The other component of this technology is APGS or

                                                                         Page 2 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
