                          TRANSCRIPT
want it to be a tool that gives helpful information.         We would recommend
that it not be something that's so regular.

Council Member Kniss: Pat, could I ask one odd question?

Chair Burt: Sure.

Council Member Kniss: Deb, you were a City Manager for a long time. Is
this how you would like to have been evaluated at the end of the year or
were there questions in that that you didn't like? You've just said it would
be good to hear more things that are positive. Is this something that would
have worked for you?

Ms. Figone: Quite frankly, I didn't use this type of dimension of this process.
I'm happy to comment on what my process was. It was simpler in that
there were one-on-one interviews of my Council by a consultant. I had the
benefit of that feedback such as we did going into the room. However, there
was no online survey, and there was no direct reports input.

Council Member Berman: Ever?

Ms. Figone: Ever. What we had in the city was a biennial, every two year,
employee satisfaction survey that we would report on the results separately.
To the degree there were issues that pointed to my performance, clearly the
Council would have heard about it. I think many of the same outcomes
were derived. For me, the most important part was the conversation with
the Council and being well informed walking into the room because of the
consultant's pre-work. How much of that pre-work is necessary to inform
your conversation is a bit about you and what you want and your culture. I
don't know if that answers your question. My comment about it was
negative actually is what I heard from some of the CAOs. I heard it from
some of the Council Members too. It's like what's going on here. I don't
think it's—it's really not my call as to what's going on. I think the real
beauty of that type of survey, if you're going to use it, is to now give, as
Mary said, the CAOs the space to follow up with their people to work the
issues. However they do that is really based on how they engage with their
workforce. Does that make sense?

Ms. Egan: What we're looking for is to communicate with you our themes.
Are there any emerging themes about the organization, about the
performance of your employees that you need to know about?

Ms. Figone: I think the CAOs got good feedback. I agree with Mary and our
recommendation that to do this again next year may not make sense. In
fact, I would highly recommend against it, to put at least a year's space in
                                                                                     Page 5 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
