                          TRANSCRIPT
going to look in the future. We're going to set a good example, and the
funds will follow. We'll find funds. It's a great thing and it'll be good karma
all in all. Thank you.

Job Lopez: Good evening to each one of you Members of the City Council.
My name is Job Lopez. I'm a 41-year resident of Mountain View. I do have
many friends who are residents of Buena Vista. I am here tonight to show
my appreciation for all you have been doing, all the effort you have been
putting to make possible to save the Buena Vista Park. We have seen that
Mr. Simitian and Mr. Cortes have done what they can and Caritas is doing
the same thing. Tonight each one of you, I don't have to tell you that, have
a wonderful opportunity to make social justice shine like the sun we have
seen now and we will see tomorrow on a very warm day. It is very exciting
to see all those posters with those faces of children, boys and girls, mothers
and parents, who are hoping that you will save them, that you will keep
them in their homes. I want to remind you, even though I don't have to,
that each one of us, each one of you, whatever the position is within society
that we are living in, each one has also the moral obligation to do what we
need to do for our fellow human beings. Tonight we are sure that you will
listen to that, and you will make all these people of Buena Vista Park happier
than they have ever been. If necessary to match the $14.5 million, you can
ask the high tech companies in our valley, like Facebook, Google, Apple,
Yahoo. I am happy the (inaudible) published my letter today where I say
what I am saying now. The San Jose Mercury News did the same thing.
Thank you for listening. I am sure that tomorrow all these people will wake
up happier than they have ever woken in many months. Thank you.

Winter Dellenbach: Winter Dellenbach, Friends of Buena Vista. You have an
opportunity tonight. Your chains have been thrown off. For the first time in
a really long time, you can act tonight. We need you to act tonight. What
we don't need is delay. The residents of Buena Vista are intending to stay.
Nobody's moving. The children intend to start our schools again in mid-
August, in fact August 17th, which you may decide to wrap up Buena Vista
August 17th, if I put credence in the Staff Report. We need you to act. The
amount of insecurity and unknowingness that they are living with is
obviously very high. As you discuss this tonight and as you make your
decisions and as you wrap things up on this item, please make it clear as to
what you're doing, what you're doing, what you're deciding, why you're
doing it, and the timeframe in which it will be worked out, assuming that
something will happen. People need to understand this; people need to
understand their near future and how that fits into their present plans and
lives. There is no other scenario than this scenario. We have looked at
every scenario. We've been doing this nearly three years. Every scenario.
This is the good one. This is the one that will keep residents there. It will
                                                                         Page 19 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
