                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lew: The mechanical screens can exceed the height limit by 15 feet, as
long as there's no usable floor area. If it's not habitable space, they're
allowed to go 15 feet above 37 feet.

Council Member Scharff: The 37 and 15 would be 53 or 54. On this, are
they having mechanical that's going above the 50-foot height limit on top of
this?

Mr. Lew: I would defer to the applicant. I don't recall offhand. There is
mechanical space. I don't have the plans right in front of me at the
moment. I do have them here.

Council Member Scharff: Did you guys look at the parking exemptions, the
two different parking plans or was that the PTC that talked about that?
There was the other parking option where they reduced it by 9.2 percent
and gave GoPasses. Do you guys not look at that at all?

Mr. Lew: That was mentioned as an option, but we do not generally review
that.

Council Member Scharff: If that option was accepted by the Council as
opposed to the fully parked option, would the building have to change in the
architecture much or not? Would it come back to you on that issue or no?

Mr. Lew: My understanding is not. I do want to follow up with you. There
is a project where an applicant requested a DEE, and the Board was not
supportive of it. I can only think of one at the moment. It's on Middlefield
Road; it's the old ARCO station. They wanted to provide wider parking spots
than normal for families with minivans, so they have extra unloading room.
They wanted to put that in the front setback, which we generally don't like.
We normally want that to be all planted. That was a case where there was a
pretty unanimous reaction against a DEE.

Council Member Scharff: Mayor Holman, I have a question for you. You
raised the issue of possibly putting off the cap discussion tonight if we go too
late.

Mayor Holman: I raised the possibility of either continuing this item or
continuing Item 9.

Council Member Scharff: Is it the same Staff for both items or is it different
Staff?

Mayor Holman: It is essentially the same Staff, is it not?


                                                                         Page 40 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
