                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Berman is next, but I did want
to point out that I'm sure everyone's looked at this.           Certainly the
Commissioners are aware of it. I'm certain all the Council Members are as
well. On the City's website and part of the Planning Commission application
that talks about what the purview is and what the responsibilities are of the
Planning and Transportation Commission.           There are five bullets; it
references, of course, the Comprehensive Plan, Planned Community zones
and making recommendations on zoning for instance. I'm not going to read
all of those; we're all certainly aware of those. I just wanted to point us to
those. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Madam Mayor. I too want to thank
the members of the Planning and Transportation Commission for all the time
that you guys put in. It's incredibly complicated and controversial. There's
been a lot on your plate recently. Even if I might not agree with you every
time, I appreciate the work that you guys do. I agree with Vice Mayor
Schmid that the Minutes. I don't read them every time unfortunately, but
when I do, I always find a lot of value out of that and really appreciate the
questions that you guys raise and the deliberative kind of process that you
guys have as exhibited by tonight's conversation on the single-story overlay,
where you could tell that you guys were really having a good conversation
and bringing up new points and deliberating and changing your mind mid-
debate. That's healthy. That's how this process should work. I have some
process questions, some things. What I want the goal of tonight to be is for
you guys to get any questions that you have clarified, for Council Members
to have an opportunity to kind of say what, I guess, how we think you could
best be utilized. It's good that we're having an opportunity for everybody to
kind of get on the same page with the new Council which that hasn't
happened yet. I think in hindsight maybe we could have done it a little
earlier; although, I know that we just had this in October of last year. I
understand that. Some questions that I have that I'll just kind of throw out.
I haven't fully formulated opinions on all of them. We don't have a Council
liaison to the Planning and Transportation Commission. At some point soon
after I joined Council, I was told the reason for that; I don't recall exactly
what it is. Regardless of what it is, I don't know if it's still applicable, or I
wonder if maybe the benefits of having a liaison might outweigh some of the
concerns. I think it's something that we should consider, and I'd love to get
your thoughts on if you think that would be beneficial from your perspective.
I also want to find—right after I thank you for all the work that you do, I'd
love to give you more. I'd love to get your guys' input and help. I can't
speak for all my colleagues, but I feel pretty overloaded with what we have
on the Council's plate. I think we've probably had a record number of
meetings this year, and there's never any shortage of issues to deal with.
Some things that we haven't dealt with are—we haven't dealt with a lot of
                                                                             Page 49 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
