                         TRANSCRIPT
was really informative and helpful for everybody. Hopefully we can move
forward. Santa Clara County has the greatest percentage of unhoused
veterans, I think, in the country which is not a badge of honor. We need to
do all we can to try to address that. Just huge thanks to Mehdi and Greer
for picking that up and running with it.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for mentioning that. Just to add to that, this is
the second large, I would say, Human Relations Commission summit they've
had. They had one on senior issues last year. They have one coming up, I
think, in about a month about domestic violence. The first two have been
really phenomenal, well worth the time. I would encourage anyone in the
community and Council Members as well to attend any of the HRC summits.
They are really phenomenal. It is a very hard-working, conscientious and
dedicated Commission. We're very fortunate to have them. I see no other
lights, so ...

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Mr. Keene: Would the Council just indulge me? I just thought I'd end on a
light note. Council Member Kniss' comment about our Police Department's
Twitter feed. Not only on pushing out information and emergency stuff, they
do a really good job at, but they also have a very kind of humanizing voice
and a sense of humor at times. In their Twitter feeds with the public, one of
them a couple of months ago was—or last year—tweeting out a picture
saying we're setting up a traffic stop on Embarcadero for speeders, watch
out, setting it up at 4:00 p.m. At 5:00 p.m. they tweet later with a picture
of somebody pulled over and said, obviously he's not following us on Twitter.
There was another one with a box of doughnuts that had been stuck on the
back of a police car, and they said obvious entrapment? Anyway, it's a nice
time.

Mayor Holman:    Thank you.   With that happy note, meeting is adjourned.
Thank you all.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:19 P.M.




                                                                     Page 107 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/5/15
