                             MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez proposed a bulb-out on the southwest corner of the
intersection. The sidewalk space where pedestrians waited to cross the
street would be bumped out.       There would be more green space,
landscaping. On the other side of the street, Staff proposed only ramp
improvements. A flashing beacon was proposed across Churchill Avenue.

Mayor Holman mentioned that Castilleja Avenue was more narrow than El
Camino Way. She asked if Castilleja Avenue could tolerate a bulb-out at
that corner. She suggested improvements be presented to the Parks and
Recreation Commission for comment prior to finalization. She asked if Staff
considered recommending one street for bicyclists as opposed to other
streets.

Mr. Rodriguez would present the Park Boulevard Bicycle Boulevard to the
Parks and Recreation Commission, because it would travel along the
frontage of Peers Park.      Some of the improvements Mayor Holman
referenced were part of the Park Boulevard Bicycle Boulevard Project which
would be presented to the Council in the spring. Staff was considering
extending and widening the park as part of the Park Boulevard Bicycle
Boulevard Project.

Mayor Holman supported the judicious use and placement of signage. She
inquired whether any of the improvements would be implemented on a trial
basis.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated any of the near-term improvements could be
considered as trial projects. They could be changed if the Council or the
community was not happy with them.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve the Maybell Avenue Bicycle Boulevard Project and the
Churchill Avenue Enhanced Bikeway Concept Plan Lines and Implementation
Plans and to move forward with near-term improvements to Churchill
Avenue, near-term improvements to Maybell Avenue and additional near-
term improvements to facilitate access to the bike trail from Churchill
Avenue as bicyclists cross Alma Street.

Council Member Scharff believed both projects were good. He was hesitant
about implementing time-of-day parking restrictions, but Staff indicated they
would not implement that if the community opposed it.

Vice Mayor Kniss agreed Staff would notify the Council if improvements were
not appropriate. Staff had been responsive to community feedback.



01/20/2015                                                            216- 350
