                         TRANSCRIPT
the clerk is that there is then a reliable record for anybody to rely upon in
the future as to what actions you took at the meeting. I hope that this was
just an oversight. The Municipal Code still has language about preparation
of minutes. Perhaps there's some clean-up work that needs to be done with
both that and with your procedures. I believe that it's appropriate and
desirable to continue the practice that this Council has had in the past and
that all legislative bodies, that I'm aware of, have which is that there is a
place on your agenda for approving the minutes of previous meetings, so
that there is an accurate, historical record of what actions you have taken.
Thank you.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we have an at-places memo from City
Attorney making a minor correction to Attachment C of Number 5. A motion
should incorporate that change.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 3-7 with inclusion of At-Place
Memorandum changes to Agenda Item Number 5- Approval of a Settlement
Agreement With Palo Alto Police Officers’ Association (PAPOA) Regarding
Retirement Medical Benefits; Adoption of Resolution Amending the
Memorandum of Understanding Between the City and PAPOA; Adoption of
Resolution Fixing the Employer Contribution Under the Public Employees
Medical and Hospital Care Act.

3.   Approval of First Amendment to Contract No. S15157589, With Khalid
     Salman A Mohammed for the Support and Maintenance of SAP Payroll
     and Human Capital Management (HCM) Modules to Add $116,000 for a
     Total Amount Not to Exceed $200,000.

4.   Request Approval of Authorization of Indemnity Agreement With Santa
     Clara Stadium Authority to Allow Provision of Requested Law
     Enforcement Services to Levi’s Stadium Relating to Super Bowl 50 to
     be Held at Levi’s Stadium on February 7, 2016.

5.   Approval of a Settlement Agreement With Palo Alto Police Officers’
     Association (PAPOA) Regarding Retirement Medical Benefits; Adoption
     of Resolution 9513 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of
     Palo Alto Amending the Memorandum of Understanding Between the
     City and PAPOA;” and Adoption of Resolution 9514 Entitled,
     “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Fixing the Employer
     Contribution Under the Public Employees Medical and Hospital Care
     Act.”

                                                                      Page 30 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
