                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Thank you. A couple of things that came out of
here. I do think that we should definitely tell the City Staff, I guess, to go
ahead and continue discussions with CPI.            Also, having done enough
litigation and those kind of things, I know that without moving forward with
the amortization ordinance at the same time—I don't see why it can't be
done at the same time frankly. If an agreement is not reached that's
beneficial to the stakeholders—by the stakeholders, I mean the
neighborhood and CPI really frankly—and they're not beneficial, then I think
we need to move forward with the amortization ordinance. I don't really
want it to be delayed where we have more and more discussions forever
without actually moving forward. I know that when you have a trial date,
for instance, the ability to settle a case really gets focused on people. That's
why so many cases settle on the courthouse steps or during arbitration,
because people actually have to make some hard choices. I'm really hoping
that we will give the direction in the Staff recommendation to move forward
with both, and then we'll also direct Staff to work with the neighborhood
stakeholders in that. The other thing that came out of this for me is it
seems really, really difficult to get rid of uses you don't want in your
community, frankly. I really do think we should prohibit Tier 3 uses in the
community. I asked that question seriously because it struck me that
there's no reason you would want to allow new Tier 3 uses coming into the
community when we have none. If there were reasons and if anyone has
one, I really would like to hear from Staff that says no, there could possibly
be a reason why you'd want it. If you have one, let me know. If not, that's
fine. If it comes up during the process, I think you should come back to us
and say, "We've heard this input and that." With that, I'd like to move the
Staff recommendation that's put forward on packet page 307, and say "with
the exception that Staff be directed to prohibit Tier 3 uses in the
community."      I'll say it slowly.     Also "direct the Staff to work with
neighborhood stakeholders and CPI to explore whether there is a resolution
that could add substantial neighborhood protections such as a shorter period
to eliminate the plating shop from the site and/or better communication
tools or other neighborhood protections that might address CPI's concerns
about the 2026 date as well." I may have to read this again.

Mayor Holman: Did you provide that to the City Clerk?

Council Member Scharff: No, but I can go down there and work with them
on that.

Mayor Holman: It sounded like you were reading it. If you might ...

Council Member Scharff: I wrote it over here, so it's a bit of a mess.


                                                                             Page 72 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
