                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff understood the Planning Director to state that the
Cambridge Avenue Project had not submitted an application. Entitlements
were not issued until a building permit was pulled. The Council was
signaling that the applicant should design the project with ground-floor
retail. During the discussion of California Avenue on May 18, he would
attempt to direct Staff to return regarding extension of the boundaries.
Moving the language did not cover his concerns.

Council Member Wolbach noted Council Members had alluded to ideas
regarding long-term planning for retail protection and expansion. He asked
if those should be mentioned at the current time.

Ms. Gitelman expected the long-term ordinances to require considerable
public outreach and analysis. There would be opportunities for Staff to
return for Council direction for all areas of the City. The May 18 discussion
pertained to California Avenue.

Council Member Wolbach inquired whether Council Members wanted to
provide their ideas quickly or hold them for a future discussion.

Mayor Holman advised that the Council would have an opportunity to
provide its ideas in the future. In the interest of time, the Council should
proceed.

Vice Mayor Schmid referred to the table on Page 5 which noted seven
applications, three of which contained ground-floor retail. He asked if a
discussion of expanding boundaries and zoning would affect all seven
projects.

Ms. Gitelman explained that some of those applications added retail. Only
three projects resulted in the net loss of retail.

Vice Mayor Schmid was not aware of what pipeline projects were adding or
subtracting. He asked if the seven projects would be subject to the new
rules.

Ms. Gitelman would review the situation as the discussion progressed. Staff
would continuously monitor the pipeline as it was subject to change.

Council Member Filseth inquired whether restoration of the 2009 boundaries
of the GF Zone in Downtown was part of the ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman indicated that would be part of the permanent ordinance that
resulted from the analysis of Downtown trends.

Council Member Filseth asked if that action would require an ordinance.

04/06/2015                                                            117- 199
