                          TRANSCRIPT
neighborhood commercial districts are very much like California Avenue,
bounded but very live, range of services, drawing neighborhood people there
through decades now. They've had a long and successful life adapting to the
new world. When you look at them in detail, what's there, they all contain
some formula retail, could be a grocery store, could be a pharmacy, could be
a bank, could be a Starbucks, it could be a Medical One service, could be
UPS. These are important elements in there, but they make up between
maybe 10 and 15 percent of the total number of stores. Any chance of
bringing in a formula retail is defined very clearly as a store that has at least
11 outlets somewhere in the United States. You need a conditional use
permit, and they have identified very clearly five criteria that the Planning
Commission should use in saying whether it's appropriate to allow this in.
As I say, they have these vital, vibrant neighborhood districts that are
extremely successful now over 40, 50, 60 years. They've reached a point of
equilibrium in a very dynamic city. I would be very much in favor of moving
toward San Francisco, using them as a model as we move forward.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of questions have occurred to me. I'll
also offer a couple of my thoughts based on my current thinking. Does
anyone know if there have been any other Ordinances that have
differentiated between a local chain and a national or international chain?
Where there would be a tighter restriction of some kind for a chain or a
formula retail business that operates in multiple states or multiple countries
and a perhaps separate tier of a slightly less restrictive process for a
business that operates only within California or only within adjoining
counties or something like that. Does anyone know if that's been tried
elsewhere?

Mr. Lait: I don't know of another municipality that has approached that. I
can tell you that some cities do define the geographic area in which the
formula retail takes place. It is possible for us to draft a definition that could
reflect a regional Bay Area chain and distinguish that from a chain that is
beyond the area, beyond California.

Council Member Wolbach: So my colleagues understand where I'm going
with this, at least for consideration. As we try and prevent a sense of
homogeneous, global Downtown feel, as one of our residents commented
during public comment, a local business that we might see on the Peninsula
might be a little bit less offensive to the sense of place. I'm open to others'
thoughts on that. Another question or idea to consider is what about a
separate tiering system again where something that's on the second floor
perhaps above a local retail establishment might have an easier time being
approved under a conditional use permit system.


                                                                           Page 51 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
