                         TRANSCRIPT
generates in this county, Ed thinks that Palo Alto generates about 6-7
percent of that total, twice what your population would reflect. You're a
great sales tax generator, just not to the magnitude that the error in this
slide would suggest. The next item I just wanted to touch upon. Through
our work on the California Transportation Commission and the legislation
that Governor Brown recently championed, unfortunately unsuccessfully,
with the State for legislation for pavement improvements, not only in our
50,000 miles of state highways and 15,000 state bridges, but also for local
streets and roads. That is a term known as the pavement condition index or
PCI. The minimum standard that the State uses is 70 percent PCI. That is
when you avoid huge costs in fixing what is breaking down, rather than less
costs for simple repairs because you haven't let it go to a certain extent.
Palo Alto is actually one of the better cities in Santa Clara County. Your
current PCI is 79; you have a goal of reaching 85 by 2019 with existing
funds. First, congratulations on that. Second, the 85 for the work that the
California Transportation Commission does and what that legislation that
Governor Brown was forwarding to the Legislature, 85 is that threshold
number, so that you are not paying 10, 20, as high as 22 times more for
repairs. You're heading towards that threshold number on your own. I
commend you for that. With that as the context, I was asked tonight by
your Staff to provide an overview of a survey that we did of likely November
2016 voters. This was conducted in late May, eight nights, 750 likely 2016
voters. The pollster we use, some of you have experience with personally as
well, his name is Jim Moore, Moore Methods in Sacramento. He's been the
pollster for more successful transportation funding campaigns than any
pollster in California. Let me shed some light for you as elected officials of
just how scarily good he is with his numbers. With our 1996 measure, he
felt six months of polling in advance, if we did everything right, we could
have as much as 52 percent of the vote. These were back in the glory days
when you could pass a measure with a simple majority. While I'm sure we
didn't do everything right, we received 51.6 percent of the vote. He was
within .4 of 1 percent six months in advance. In our 2000 measure, similar
survey, similar conversation. He felt we could get 71 percent of the vote;
we ended up with 70.4. He was with .6 of 1 percent of accuracy. In our
2008 measure, he was the most off he has ever been. He was 1.2 percent
off, well within the margins of error in all three elections. We have come to
trust his data greatly. What did he find? I'll skip that unless you're really
interested on how different levels of government fare. I can always come
back to that if you would like. He asked a general support or oppose
question about increasing the county sales tax, and those were the
numbers. That was for no specific use or purpose. We tested the same
ballot statement that we have now tested four times in the last 18 months,
so that we would have some track record of where voters are. We tested
both a 1/2 cent and a 1/4 cent. A 1/2 cent for what you see in your hands—
                                                                       Page 66 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
