                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I agree with that. That was my understanding.
Thank you for clarifying that. That brings me to my next point. I would
encourage colleagues, when we do get to motions, to make it clear that after
this evening this should not come back to us. This should go onward; it
should be resolved. This chapter in the story of Buena Vista should be
closed in a reasonable time, so that all parties may move forward with
whatever next steps they choose to pursue. It's important that we don't
impose onerous additional conditions at this point, this is not the time to do
that, that we do not unduly delay the process, and again that we do not act
as an appraiser or shop around for an appraiser. I will be supporting Staff's
recommendation, that in looking for somebody to conduct a peer review,
that we defer that decision to Staff, so that we are not involved on Council in
selecting who would do the peer review. I would appreciate the distance
and separation in that decision making, if it is handed off to Staff as Staff
has recommended. On the question of 10 days or 30 days, I don't have any
strong feelings one way or another, but would be happy to hear thoughts
from colleagues who have not yet spoken about that issue. It is also
important, just as a reminder, that we do make those minor adjustments
that Staff has recommended about adding the standard legal language and
correcting the language about two-bedroom comparables applying to
families of three or more.

Council Member Filseth: On the 10 days issue, I find myself persuaded by
the City Attorney's argument that 10 days is sufficient. Given that the
process we're going to go through with the second appraisal makes it
impossible that the second appraisal will be lower than the first one, so the
first one is at a minimum, I find the City Attorney's argument that there has
been ample time to appeal an individual appraisal makes sense. Ten days is
reasonable.

Mayor Holman: I have just a quick comment. Definitely the peer review
would be my preference and will be supporting that. It's a process that the
City conducts regularly in any manner of other procedures, projects,
proposals.    It is a way to see that not only you have a balance of
perspective, but also that we have an impartial and balanced perspective.
The Hearing Officer will have those comparisons, if there is a comparison to
be made, to make a determination from. I'll be supporting that. I lean
toward the 30 days, for the reason that, it was a result of Council Member
Kniss' questions, it isn't terribly likely from my lay perspective that all of the
appraisals would have to be done a second time, that there will be a pattern
that will be developed after a few peer reviews are done. The pattern will
either be they're adequate or they're inadequate. I would lean toward the
30 days. That's the only thing I have to add at this point in time.

                                                                          Page 24 of 27
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/26/15
