                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I don't think of it as having underground parking.

Council Member Wolbach: Do we have any other .. Maybe I'm (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: You are driving, yeah, okay.

Council Member Wolbach: For the sake of having some consistency, it would
be nice if the signage and naming conventions are similar in our various
Downtown garages, especially as we're trying to improve the ability of
people to come to Downtown and quickly find parking through technological
improvements, etc. It's not necessarily make or break, but it would be nice.
Would this change bringing the City Hall parking garage in line with that?
How is that one labeled? Sorry, I should have gone over there and checked
myself for the meeting. I can't remember.

Mr. Eggleston: I'm sorry. That's a question I should have the answer to,
but I don't. I'm not sure what the parking designation is in the other
garages. What I do know is that we coordinated a lot with the parking
program and Parking Manager in developing this package.

Mayor Holman: I’m going to speak to "b" first. I've found that if we add
"City Hall" to the monument sign, we don't need the freestanding building
podium sign. It's a matter of priorities partially. It's partially a matter of
design. I disagree that it's putting lipstick on a pig. Edward Durrell Stone is
a pretty darn famous architect. This building has very dramatic vertical
lines.    I know the ARB changed from what the sign designer had
recommended to do the podium sign, and I find it is so absolutely
inconsistent with the architectural style of the building, the architectural
elements, I shouldn't say the style, that I find it to be almost disruptive and
interfering with the design of the building. If we change the monument sign
to say "City Hall," we don't need the podium sign. Also, I find it to be, from
a design standpoint, inconsistent with the building. Quick aside here. I
looked at the findings last week that the ARB put together. They're weak to
say the least. They made no statement about how that would be consistent
with the context. I'm supporting "b" and encourage my Council Members to
do that. On "a," I'm a little bit more sympathetic because it doesn't have
the same impact on so much of the Stone building. It's much lower, and it
is somewhat sympathetic to the library. I would be fine without it. There
are other things that we could do, but I’m not going to fall on my sword
about the police sign. I'm sympathetic also to wanting to have a consistent
look and feel. I'm absolutely sympathetic to that, but there are ways to
accomplish it and ways not to accomplish it. Having to do with "c," that's
maybe the hardest one for me. Let me go to the podium signs just for a
moment. There's no mention of this, I think it's slide 18, yeah, that talks

                                                                         Page 27 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
