                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: It's just to eliminate discussion of the draft plan.

Council Member Scharff: It's fine then.

Council Member Berman: I'm fine with the first one.

Council Member Scharff: The second one's fine too.

Mayor Holman: I'm a little iffy about the third one, so I'll leave it alone.
The same with Number 4. I'm a little iffy on that one, but I'll leave it alone.
The fourth bullet on packet page 351 says "creating a pedestrian and bicycle
friendly street frontage with wide sidewalks and amenities and street trees."
Street trees are required to be provided by Code. Correct? How can that be
part of an overriding consideration?

Mr. Reich: Street trees are typically asked for. They're not a Code-specific
requirement. They are in our policies and guidelines that we want street
trees. It wouldn't be inaccurate to say that the project providing them is not
a benefit. It is a benefit to the community that they're providing them.
That's not to say that we wouldn't otherwise ask for them in the process.

Mayor Holman:     Do we ever approve a project that doesn't provide street
trees?

Mr. Reich: Sometimes, but not often.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, would you want to remove street
trees or not?

Council Member Scharff: I'm happy to remove street trees.

Mayor Holman: Let's take street trees out. I'm okay with the last bullet.
My other comment about this is an overarching comment to Fergus Garber
Young. This is the best looking new building design that has come before
the Council in a very long time. It's unfortunate you've run up against some
obstacles, but it is a well-designed building. You've done a lot of things that
I personally and you've heard the Council and the public talk about wanting.
You've broken up the front façade. You've made it look like more than one
building in a number of ways. There's some other things you didn't carry
out so well, but generally speaking is it by far the best looking building that's
come to us in a very long time. I'm struggling to support this because I
have real concerns again about the Statement of Overriding Considerations.
We're removing an historic building, and I'm not sure that any old building
could replace this building and that's enough. I'm worried about precedents.
Is that enough to be a Statement of Overriding Considerations or to qualify

                                                                         Page 95 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
