                          TRANSCRIPT
residential basement construction. There are 190 signatures that were
collected by a handful of volunteers over a two to three-week period in late
summer. Secondly, the current policy regarding groundwater considers it to
be an inconvenience for the construction of residential basements in areas
where the water table interferes with the construction practices used.
Should not Palo Alto's policies consider groundwater as a resource that
should be valued and wisely used? Groundwater provides a number of very
important, in my opinion, services free of charge. First, the groundwater
literally supports our structures and infrastructure. The hydrostatic pressure
of water is well known to support land and buildings. When water is
removed, settling can and does occur as mentioned by Dr. Rogers on
October 5th. It is well known in both California's Central Valley where
ground has settled up to 50 feet permanently in places and in Downtown
San Jose where it has settled approximately 13 feet in some places. It is not
reversible. Secondly, the groundwater in the shallow aquifer is a resource of
generally high enough quality to use without further treatment for irrigation.
In fact, the City of Palo Alto uses this water and it is available with trucks to
be used for local residents. On October 5th, I presented some numbers on
the amount of groundwater pumped. For a single basement, the amount of
water typically corresponds to approximately the total amount of rainwater
that falls on an 8,000 square foot lot in Palo Alto in 140 years. Moreover,
the amount of water pumped for a single basement is roughly adequate to
irrigate a somewhat drought tolerant landscaping in a single residence for
300 years, assuming 4,000 cubic feet per lot per year per irrigation. The
amount of water dumped into the storm drains this year in Palo Alto would
have been enough to irrigate approximately 4,000 residences for a year. It's
not a small amount of water. Finally, the soils play an important role in
managing storm runoff as evidenced by the policies of both the City and
Santa Clara Valley Water District encouraging the use of permeable pavers.
Basements have three effects that are contrary to these policies. The
volume of the earth occupied by the basement—I'm done—is no longer
available to (inaudible) the soil. I will end here.

Vice Mayor Schmid:        Thanks for sharing numbers.         Next speaker is
Stephanie Munoz.

Council Member Kniss: Mr. Vice Mayor, could I interject one thing?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Please.

Council Member Kniss: Perhaps Staff would talk with Mr. Bennett regarding
the fact that, I think, as of now we are not allowing dewatering henceforth
for the season. Am I correct?


                                                                         Page 10 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
