                             MINUTES
Mr. Friend added that Chariot was calling itself "Google bus for the rest of
us." Many different kinds of funding and many creative ideas were available
in the marketplace.

Council Member DuBois expressed concern that the City was investing in
legacy technology, large buses on fixed routes.

Ms. Gitelman advised that many transit agencies were experimenting with
hybrid systems with fixed routes. She did not believe the City could operate
without the Crosstown Route because it served a large number of students.
Transportation agencies were also experimenting with a door-to-door service
as a supplement to fixed routes.

Council Member DuBois felt buses or shuttles could become outmoded
systems.

Mr. Friend explained that the City would not be as agile as private providers
if it over specified and defined systems and routes and used the normal
decision cycle to make changes. The Council could think about defining
parameters and metrics for the system, and then allow flexibility for private
providers and City Staff to innovate in a more agile way.

Council Member DuBois wanted to offer point-to-point service for seniors.
Staff should return with proposals to experiment with a rideshare service so
the Council could compare them with the shuttle program. With the City's
lower density, a rideshare program could be a better direction than fixed
routes.

Mayor Holman stated Google buses seemed to operate as offices, so there
could be confidentiality issues. People's habits did not change overnight.
She had not heard anybody in transportation refer to a rider as a customer.

Mr. Friend noted the Finnish system was designed around making the
system work better for the customer. That would be worthwhile for the City
to consider.

Mayor Holman indicated residents, commuters, seniors, and students had
different destinations. She wanted to offer better senior services. The
Council did not have sufficient information. The Council needed to identify
an ongoing and sustainable funding source. One funding source had to be
PAUSD. The mapping for the shuttle system was unavailable and not user-
friendly.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that Staff's and the Council's thinking
had expanded from focusing on shuttles to mobility as a service. The

03/02/2015                                                             117- 31
