                              MINUTES
same access. The unique attributes of Buena Vista that needed to be found
for comparable housing were affordable home ownership, premier high-
achieving schools, great medical facilities, local parks and recreational
facilities, and access to jobs and regional transit service. If displaced, Buena
Vista residents would face an affordable housing crisis. Using the City's
recent Housing Element, she analyzed the typical affordable housing cost for
residents, in terms of both ownership and rental. She reviewed the income
characteristics of Buena Vista residents based on relocation data. Typically
Buena Vista residents' annual income was $35,000. Approximately 50
percent of residents earned less than $30,000 annually. The average
household size was about four persons. The affordable housing price for a
condominium would be approximately $95,000. The current condominium
price in Palo Alto was $1.2 million. Comparable condominiums in San Mateo
and Santa Clara Counties were priced at approximately $600,000. Similarly,
rents were $633 for affordable housing and $3,000-$4,000 for a two-
bedroom apartment in comparable communities. Currently, space rental at
Buena Vista was in the $700 range. According to the website Trulia, the
cost of purchasing a mobile home or manufactured home in a comparable
community in the Bay area was in the range of $45,000 to more than
$300,000. The Palo Alto area had the most rapidly increasing costs in the
Silicon Valley market. Price escalation was rapid in Santa Clara County. The
cost of mobile homes had increased more than 100 percent in the past 2 1/2
years. Buena Vista residents had limited options for relocation. The current
relocation assistance was approximately $53,000, consisting of current
market values of mobile homes plus a rent subsidy for one year plus moving
expenses and start-up costs. In Mountain View, Sunnyvale, and Redwood
City, relocation costs would be approximately $100,000. In addition space
rent at nearby parks was $800-$1,000 per month. The current relocation
assistance was not sufficient to enable households to afford mobile homes
near Palo Alto. Buena Vista residents likely would have to move beyond a
35-mile radius to find affordable homes to purchase. Those homes would
not be comparable to homes in Palo Alto, because of the identified unique
characteristics of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. In addition, residents
would have long commutes to current jobs or would have to find new jobs.
Affordable housing was not an option as wait lists extended eight to ten
years. Condominiums were prohibitively expensive for residents of Buena
Vista. If displaced, Buena Vista residents would face challenging difficulties
and could not afford comparable housing with the proposed relocation
assistance.

Nadia Aziz, The Law Foundation of Silicon Valley for Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park Residents Association, indicated the relocation impact report of
the park owner did not comply with Palo Alto's Ordinance. Her comments
would not focus on residents whose mobile homes could be moved and

04/13/2015                                                              117- 215
