                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: The last 2 1/2 years, which is the term that I've
been on Council, have been incredibly frustrating. It's been frustrating for
the City Council who has had its hands tied due to the quasi judicial role that
we played throughout this process. It's been frustrating for our community
who has rallied around some of its most at-risk residents. Let me say how
proud I am of our community for the reaction, the efforts and the advocacy
by Palo Altans to protect their neighbors. It's been inspiring for me to
watch. All of that pales in comparison to the frustration of the residents of
Buena Vista who have had to go through this entire ordeal over the last 2
1/2 years without knowing when it would end or what the resolution would
be. Up until now, the Council has fulfilled the legal duties we were required
to, but that none of us wanted to. We run for City Council because we want
to roll up our sleeves and be part of the solution and, until now, we have
been legally prohibited from doing that. Today we get to be part of the
solution. Better yet, Supervisor Simitian and Winter Dellenbach and others
have already put in hundreds of hours of work to create the framework for a
possible solution. I'm a big fan of Supervisor Simitian, and I imagine
everyone here is. Quite a few times over the years, I've heard Joe tell
someone, "It's a lot more helpful when you come to me with a potential
solution, not just with problems." Here we have a prospective solution, a
comprehensive and creative public-private nonprofit partnership that has the
potential to preserve 116 units of affordable housing and avoid the eviction
of 400 Palo Altans from their homes. One thing I do want to note is that this
isn't just an issue that's affecting the residents of Buena Vista. Every day all
across Palo Alto, our residents are being priced out of their homes. 45
percent of Palo Alto's housing units are renter occupied, many of them
seniors on fixed income, and they are being priced out of the homes they've
lived in for a long time, some of them for decades. Throughout this process
and again tonight, I've heard advocates reference the fact that we have
eight billionaires and many more multimillionaires that live in Palo Alto, and
that they should write checks to solve our problems. I don't know any of
those billionaires, but I do know people who help those billionaires decide
how to spend their philanthropic dollars. I've spoken with them about the
situation in Palo Alto. What I've heard is that folks are open to pitching in;
they're open to helping out and being part of the solution, but not until they
see that the City is serious about addressing our affordable housing shortfall,
and not until they see that the Palo Alto community at large is serious about
addressing our affordable housing shortfall. Just a few years ago, some
folks were debating whether or not there was even a need for more
affordable housing in Palo Alto. We've come a long way since then, and
tonight is a good first step, but we've a long way to go to truly address the
housing challenges that exist for a lot of Palo Alto residents. I'm more than
happy to support Council Member Wolbach's motion, but I hope this is the

                                                                          Page 21 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
