                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: The reason I'd like to do this is that, as Staff said,
their plate's full. If we start going down these paths of all these other
possible options, we're going to spend a lot of Staff time on it. The issue
that we're getting a lot of emails on and a lot of thoughts on are single-story
overlays. That's the issue that we should focus on.

Council Member Berman: That's right.       Not to say that these aren't
interesting issues, but we can only do so much. We've probably already
bitten off more than we can chew as a Council, as a Staff. I'm starting to
become very sympathetic to the fact that if we don't prioritize anything,
we're not going to get anything done.

Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure what this accomplishes. We already
have a single-story overlay. It's a pretty detailed Ordinance. It seems like a
waste of time to limit this to just talking about single-story overlays, which
we already have.        I was comfortable with putting something about
neighborhood overlays, even if it doesn't come up until next year. Our
Committee agendas are pretty full. It gets to the real issue which is that the
residential review process is broken. It's much more appealing to consider
second stories. The way I read this, we would only be able to talk about
single stories. I don't think it accomplishes much.

Council Member Kniss: I surprisingly agree with Tom on this. I don't know
where this takes us. The most important thing we're doing tonight is we've
been asked by the neighborhoods—I've gotten any number of emails saying
could we waive the fee. That's very clear this is waiving—I'm going back to
the Motion that we already passed. That is exactly what we were asked to
do, would we waive the fee. That's what we took up at Finance. We're
talking about evaluating capping the fee, which very much addresses the
waive the fee. Within our Comp Plan, we're going to be taking up all the
other issues that deal with neighborhood protection. A single-story overlay
is a major protection. Whether we have eight, nine or ten, those areas are
all protected. Greenmeadow in this community has been protected since it
was built in the late '50s or early '60s with an entire number of Eichlers that
have CCRs protecting them. This absolutely is a possibility. We have gotten
far afield from where we were at the beginning of the night, which is would
we waive the fee. Council Member DuBois, you've addressed it very well.
You're talking about you're going to waive the fee.

Mayor Holman: I'll just make one statement, which is I'll be supporting the
original Motion, because I don't think this accomplishes much of anything.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to respond. The reason it makes taking
up these single-story overlays, a lot of what Council Member Burt said

                                                                         Page 60 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
