                          TRANSCRIPT
Planning Commission did. What could happen if this stands is that one
would have two rows of tall houses that would be affecting the rest of the
ones that are limited to two stories, er, one story. We disagree with three of
the things that they assumed. One is that the lots on Greer and Amarillo are
all small lots and the circles are all larger. That's not true. We disagree that
you can take votes away from a two story; I think one could easily disagree
with that. We also disagree that—we'll show with some presentation after
mine—automatically when you get an R-1(S) zone, you're depreciating the
value of the homes. I think history will show and we will show that that's
really not the case. The small lots. First of all, on Greer all the lots were not
small. The ones at the ends are—if you say a small lot is something
between 6,000 and 7,000 square feet, the ones at the ends are greater than
that. One's eight-plus and the other is seven-plus. Also, there are small
lots within the circle, as many small lots in the circle as outside of the circle,
roughly. 65 percent of the total lots in the project are small. Bounce it up a
little bit if you want to play with numbers. 82 percent of the lots are within
9,000 square feet. The top one, we just disagree with taking the vote away
from someone. Actually two of the people that have changed their votes are
two stories, so now we only have three two-stories that are yes. Sorry, it's
a little bit late, and my mind's failing me a little bit here. We'll show in a
minute the study done by David Hanzel, who's here, that actually it isn't true
that value goes down. In fact, it stays about the same. There are three
owners that want to opt out, and they'll speak for themselves, I'm sure.
They are listed there. The one at 1032 Amarillo and 2797 Greer, the lots are
very small. I agree, but there are similar lots in Van Auken that I can show
you which is an SSO on Greer, same orientation and so forth, that have
been able to add to their homes as one story. By the way, the allowable
building area for a one story is greater than for a two story. That's a little
hard to achieve, however. Here's three examples. It also gives you some
other information about value. 1002 Amarillo, which is right near—the
arrow points to where the examples are. 1002, it's larger. It sold just a
couple of months ago for $2 million. 990 Amarillo is bigger, and it sold the
next month for $2.6 million. One is able to build a five-bedroom, two-bath
house on a lot that's just a little bit greater than 6,000 square feet. There
are alternatives for people in a one-story build. Lastly, sort of the king of
all, 984 Amarillo, I found out today by going to the Development Center that
it's actually 2,300 square feet, five bedrooms, three baths.             It's just
completing construction. The way they do this is they don't rebuild the
whole thing. They build it in so-called minor additions. You build an
addition that is 50 percent value of the total house value, then you can build
it without going to the flood zone requirements. That's what people have
done basically throughout that circle. Here is a very outstanding—this is in
our SSO; it's on Greer.         It's an outstanding, in my opinion, a really
outstanding remodel. It's 2,100 square feet, five bedrooms, four baths,
                                                                            Page 110 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
