                             MINUTES
The Council was avoiding a serious discussion of the core issue which was
the amount of office space to allow by 2030. The Council had to strike a
balance between office and housing in order to have a diversity of land use.
The discussion was about adding new office space, not redevelopment of
existing office space. Citywide proposals were needed to address Citywide
growth. He wanted to focus on methods to moderate growth prior to and as
a part of the Comprehensive Plan process.             Prior to adopting the
Comprehensive Plan, he was interested in a discussion of rebalancing mixed
use, discouraging discretionary zoning projects, and reviewing current
exceptions in the Municipal Code. As part of the Comprehensive Plan
Update, he wanted to discuss establishing criteria to encourage great
projects. Rather than a cap on square footage, the Council could implement
an annual cycle of scored project applications and allow a specific number of
projects each year based on rank scoring. Criteria for projects would award
points based on several factors.

Council Member Berman disagreed that the discussion concerned businesses
versus residents. He understood public comment was closed after the March
2, 2015 Council discussion. Unfortunately, many residents would have
spoken if they had known public comment remained open.

Mayor Holman understood public comment was not closed after the prior
discussion.

Council Member Berman believed the idea of a moderate cap in a vacuum
could be positive. Council Member Scharff raised several good questions
regarding an interim cap. The Council was asking Staff to study different
things and provide information to the Council. He was skeptical that a
moderate cap would provide any discernible benefit that warranted the
amount of time Staff, the Council, and the community would spend. He
would remain open to discussing a moderate cap and any information Staff
could provide. However, he was more interested in other initiatives that
were delayed because the Council continuously gave Staff additional
assignments. At some point, the Council had to prioritize initiatives and
determine which one would lead to the largest result in the shortest amount
of time.     He was skeptical that a moderate cap on office space and
applicable to a few areas of the City would generate benefits greater than
other initiatives.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff to return with discussion of elements of an interim
Ordinance along the following lines, and that Staff will have discretion to
provide certain alternatives under the following guidelines and other aspects
that Staff recommends for consideration:


03/23/2015                                                            117- 136
