                          TRANSCRIPT
long run. We can do something about it if we can improve our housing
options. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jerilyn Moran to be followed by Jeff Rench.

Jerilyn Moran: Good evening. My name's Jerilyn Moran. I'm a resident here
in Palo Alto. Thank you for listening tonight. I'm here as a person that grew
up here. As a child, I graduated from Gunn High School and left the state of
California. After many years, I've returned to help my mom. She's 90 years
old. I'm glad to be back in the area. It's changed a lot over these 40, 50
years. I'm here to strongly encourage you in this arena where you're
thinking about the Comprehensive Plan on a couple of important things,
things that I think are very important. Number one is this climate change
crisis is upon us. This Comprehensive Plan as a top priority needs to keep
that in mind at every level. Every decision and project that comes up, we
need to think about that. That includes transportation decisions, housing
decisions, everything. Right now on this topic we're on, multiunit housing,
to my understanding there's only zoning here for maybe 3 1/2 percent or so
which I feel is very inadequate. When I lived here 40, 50 years ago, single
unit homes and driving in a car was the way of life then. Many things have
changed in Palo Alto and the world. It's not that way anymore. My mom is
not in a position to find housing that's smaller from her original home here in
Palo Alto. She can't afford or even find a small unit for a senior person
without having to drive. She has to use a car, and she's 90. Our population
is growing older, and so she's an example of the older population here that
wants to stay here but can't necessarily do so. My children are millennials.
They can't even consider living here now because of the expense, so they
are elsewhere. Just in summary, I urge you strongly in this important time
of decisions on the Comprehensive Plan here in the City to—again top
priority make decisions with climate change minimization at the top, and
specifically under that umbrella multiuse housing is sorely needed. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jeff Rench to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.

Jeff Rench: Mayor Holman and Council Members, my name is Jeff Rench. I
live in Barron Park. I've attended a number of the CAC meetings as an
observer. I did use the digital commenter which they keep asking us to do,
to make a few comments. Tonight I want to re-emphasize one of my digital
comments that so far hasn't been implemented in the draft plan but I think
is very important. When we speak of our community services, it's important
to give an idea of who receives these services, children, youth, seniors, the
disabled, those with low incomes, etc.      I think it's very important to
specifically name our homeless community and identify the continuing need

                                                                        Page 39 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
