                            MINUTES
City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, announced that the Development Services
Department began offering the fire permit module which would streamline
the permit and inspection processes. The Fire Department Birthday Brigade
was featured as a Community Partner of the Month at the Ronald McDonald
House. The developers of the Hayworth Solar Farm announced the prior
week that construction had begun on the project. Palo Alto residents could
submit their draw submissions for summer camp registrations through
February 27, 2015. A registration fair would be held February 21, 2015 at
the Mitchell Park Community Center. Rinconada Library would host its grand
reopening on February 14, 2015. The State of the City Address was
scheduled for February 18, 2015 at the Mitchell Park Community Center.
February 19, 2015 would begin a two-day engagement with author Peter
Kageyama. The City had provided a mobile app that would allow citizens to
send the City a valentine, share a picture, or post their meaning of
community.

Mayor Holman acknowledged the Fire Department's acts of love in serving
the children and families of the Ronald McDonald House.

Oral Communications

Wynn Grcich advised that a new YouTube video regarding fluoride was
available. The prior week she provided 17 university studies regarding the
effects of water fluoridation. Fluoridation caused sterility.

Stephanie Munoz apologized for stating Council Members were immoral.
Demanding greater density as the price of affordable housing was
counterproductive and stupid.

Dawen Tsien reported the HERO Program assisted homeowners with
improving the energy efficiency of their homes. Cities benefited through
increased home equity.

Shani Kleinhaus indicated Boards and Commissions were considering
Alternative A as the most appropriate and beautiful design for the Bike
Bridge over Highway 101. At the recent Parks and Recreation Commission
meeting, environmental speakers were opposed to Alternative A. Alternative
A included no mitigations for bird safety.

Richard Brand believed a Transportation Management Agency was a key
element of traffic management. He volunteered to assist with a regional
interaction between transportation. He asked that it occur sooner than three
years.

02/02/2015                                                           116- 434
