                          TRASNCRIPT
there was a certain number of members of the CAC who dissented from a
majority vote, that they could address the Council in some form and say,
"Here's a second point of view."

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. Again, we've made a commitment in the rules
governing the CAC to report not just the majority opinion but the minority
opinion in the instance where the CAC takes an action and there's a minority
opinion. We'll record both in their meeting summaries. We've already made
that commitment.

Council Member DuBois: Some quick questions here. Let's see. Looking at
this schedule, we have Draft EIR in January. I guess you feel that's realistic.
Can you just explain what will happen at that meeting?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. That's really been one of the hardest parts of
this schedule, to kind of put into it these items, that one and the one about
the Housing Element. When do we have these discussions about some of
these fundamental issues like Vice Mayor has been talking about,
projections? At this point, we think the analysis that we're doing of the
really broad planning scenarios will be done in time to get a Draft EIR on the
street in early January. We could have a really in-depth discussion about
population, housing and employment for a number of scenarios and inform a
discussion of projections, job growth, population growth, all of the impacts
associated with those. Then inform this discussion about Housing Element
sites in—we're showing it in February.

Council Member DuBois: That was my next question. We just did the
Housing Element. Originally there was an idea of some of these joint
meetings—you only have two here. I guess my question was why come
back with the Housing Element in February and should we do a joint session
on land use or some other topic.

Ms. Gitelman: Of course, we're open to suggestions. Our thought was that
this Council made a commitment when adopting the Housing Element to
take a very specific look at whether to eliminate some housing sites in the
north and add additional densities or new sites in—I'm sorry. Did I say that
wrong? In the south, and add additional densities or sites in the north.
Those concepts are represented by these big scenarios that will be analyzed
in the EIR. It's really after the Draft EIR is available, but I think we could
get to a substantive discussion of that option and whether the Council
wishes to proceed along those lines. We might want to have a joint meeting
before this joint meeting. When we get a little closer, we'll be able to know
better, I think.


                                                                        Page 74 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
