                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: The applicant, either Mr. Mitchell or Mr. Trotter, you'll have
three minutes to respond to anything that's been said.

Mr. Mitchell: Thank you. I'd like to make five quick responses. With
respect to the issue of transition, please note that the transition zones in
your Comprehensive Plan are supposed to begin on the north side of Lytton
and the south of Hamilton. They're not supposed to begin on University
Avenue. Asking for a transition from this building to the Kipling buildings is
totally inappropriate. As far as the HRB's comment on architecture, that's
really not their purview. Their purview is to give you advice regarding
historic preservation. All of those opinions that recited, that were given by
the HRB, were more properly matters that should have been addressed and
were addressed by the ARB. As far as being a shell game, we're not
listening, we are listening. We've made immense changes in response to
comments from Staff. Lastly, the statement that I said the TDR ordinance is
applicable where the historic buildings are torn down, I did not say that. I
said it's applicable where there's a rehabilitation of buildings. In summary, I
simply want to say that the appellant is really asking you to nullify your
ordinance, your TDR ordinance, and not give effect to what the tests it
promises are and explicit promises are for more square footage. Over the
last two years this project has been presented, re-presented, considered
reconsidered. The City has rightfully expected the applicant to abide by all
of its rules and regulations, and the applicant has done so. This is evidenced
by the massive reports, studies, findings that have been submitted to you all
in support of this project. Now, it is your opportunity to do the same, apply
those same rules fairly and reasonably, give credibility and meaning to your
TDR program and ordinance, deny this appeal and approve the project based
upon the Director's findings and conditions. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Mr. Harbour, you will also have three minutes
to respond to anything that's been put in the public record.

Mr. Harbour: I had a couple of summary comments. I do not feel the
applicant addressed the major issues outlined by the Council from the
motion on May 4th. There are multiple violations with regard to size,
massing and compatibility that still exist. The building size remains exactly
the same. The only substantive changes has been the fact that the third and
fourth floors have been pushed back to the rear as much as they want to tell
you in their song and dance that they've done a lot of work. Lightening the
building color and changing the roof lines do not address the size and
massing issue. Their photos and poor renderings minimize the true impact
of this project. Quality of life is negatively impacted for existing residents,
businesses, tenants, pedestrians and visitors. True mitigations in building
size and mass are absolutely necessary. That's what the ARB said in their
                                                                           Page 17 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
