                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: The main thing is that we want to be consistent. We have our
local thresholds, and we want to apply a professional standard that is
accepted by many jurisdictions. If we were to propose a different model, we
would want to have a conversation about that to make sure that it met the
professional standards test and how we're doing this.

Council Member Scharff: If we did, we would have to change the way we're
looking at them. Under our current process, that's the rules, and we should
be following the rules.

Mr. Lait: We would have to change it and probably update our local CEQA
guidelines.

Council Member Berman: A question I have for Council Member Scharff is
did you want to distinguish in there which of the parking plans?

Council Member Scharff: I thought this is where it should go, but I thought I
was told that I should put it separately. I'm happy to put it in here, if it was.
If that's going to cause a problem with other Council Members, I'm happy to
do it separately.

Council Member Berman: I missed that part.

Council Member Scharff:       If no one made it, I was going to make it
separately.

Council Member Berman: I agree with what Council Member Scharff just
said. All things considered, the proximity to Caltrain, this is where we want
office space if we're going to have office space in Palo Alto. The current
Code says that a certain amount of office space can be here. I agree with
Council Member Wolbach that policy is shifting, and that's a good thing.
That's happening in Sacramento, and we should move quickly once that
does. I don't think we should be doing that for this project as a one-off at
this stage. I'm looking forward to having that conversation when we do.
We should encourage Staff to think outside the box in terms of different
measures that we can take in terms of addressing the community's concerns
about traffic and the rate of development, especially on Park, and try to get
ahead of that. I'm satisfied that the FEIR is sufficient.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be supporting the motion. I'd like to propose
two friendly amendments. If they are not accepted, we can maybe pick
them up in separate motions. One is to stipulate the parking alternative.

Council Member Scharff: I want that in there, but I thought we would do
that separate. I don't want to see the DEIR go down, because different
                                                                         Page 91 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
