                          TRASNCRIPT
natural habitats. I don't think it does. Whether we need to call them
natural open space or something that captures they're not just open space
of 1,000 soccer fields; it's open space of a natural ecosystem. That's the
importance of it. I was looking for kind of the input of the Parks and Rec
Commission. I assume that it's embodied in the report, but we couldn't see
what was Staff recommendation, what was Parks and Rec, what was the
consultants. As Council, we normally look at those different things. They
can be summarized in a report. We get that in Staff Reports very often.
We'll say, "Here's what Parks and Rec put in at this stage. Staff fully agrees
or Staff disagrees in this place." We couldn't see that. A couple of other
things. For instance, under this sustainable screening question, it had a
question of minimize ongoing maintenance costs to achieve quality
experiences. Were you envisioning that low maintenance costs result in
quality experiences? That's what "to achieve" means.

Mr. Mottau: Just to touch on that. There's a variety of questions that, I
think, you've laid out. To touch on the maintenance costs to achieve quality
experiences, this is about a couple of points that we heard really strongly.
One is that there's a strong recognition in this community that things that
are built, preserved, a part of the system need to have the adequate
resources to be well kept up. What we're trying to capture in this question
really is, is that balance of you do want to seek the efficiencies. You want to
seek out the maintenance efficiencies that are possible and to find those
quality indicators that are not about how much money we've spent on it or
whatever else, but what people are trying to get out of that experience,
what people are most valuing in that experience, I guess.

Council Member Burt: I take it that, if I'm understanding it correctly, this is
trying to say that minimize ongoing maintenance costs to assure there are
adequate financial resources so that quality experiences can be maintained.
You don't achieve a quality experience by reducing a maintenance cost.
Those are both things we want to do, and there may be some
interrelationship between the two. I think somebody needs to come and
look at the clarity of the language that's being used. I think some of this is
implicit to the writer but not the reader. For instance, under accessible it
says fill holes in close to home access to an essential activity. Is that
meaning that we want to make sure that we have certain parks and
recreation capabilities near everybody?

Mr. Mottau: Yes.

Council Member Burt: That's a tough one. I looked and looked and rewrote
it and rephrased it and guessed what you meant. First I'd substitute "to"
with "for," but I don't know what essential activities are versus—our parks

                                                                        Page 22 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
