                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Figone: Very key part. Item 1, Item 2 on the yellow matrix. Items 3-9,
we've talked a lot about. Just as a package, this is the process from the
time I write the preliminary performance evaluation through the time that
they're finalized and receive signatures. I've already commented on the
Report and whether or not that met your needs. I mentioned it's an
unfolding process that continues to be informed by first your input and then
the first draft where you meet alone with the Report and give feedback.
Then, I take it and modify it, share it with the CAOs and with the Council
ultimately to prepare both parties for the conversation in Step 8. The idea
that was really important for MRG during this whole process was the CAOs
should walk into the room for their conversation with you not having any
surprises. The other big change was—hopefully you appreciate this and
remember it—you weren't here until midnight, very tired at the time you had
that conversation. We broke it into two meetings, and there was these
stages of preparing the parties for the conversation. Hopefully that worked
well for you. Three through nine is really the various steps that get you to a
performance evaluation and signatures. I'm going to move on then,Page 8
of the Report, Item 10a and b. I mention in the Staff Report that this was
very loose when we responded to the RFP. It was very significant. What is
the compensation process going to look like, what would our role be and also
the debrief with either the Council or the Committee. We weren't sure at
that point in time. The role that MRG played in compensation was really not
anticipated. Again, this is one of the areas that we'll be talking to the City
Manager or Suzanne Mason about, the update of the surveys. What ended
up happening, as Mary said, was we helped the City by updating the
compensation surveys that had been done in the past without questioning
the survey agencies. The second role that we played is we facilitated, I
facilitated, your decision-making process over two meetings with Suzanne
providing support by providing data and information about what was
happening in your system. The key question for the Committee is was that
useful. If it was, then we can talk about what it would take to right-size that
in the contract. The other part of that is it is a biennial or an annual
compensation survey. Perhaps your people have some comment for you on
that. The last piece before I—two pieces before I end. Page 9, the annual
process timeline for next year. We worked a lot of bugs out of this system
this year. I think we have the makings of a very good process, certainly
subject to your feedback an some of the tweaking that we've talked about.
Essentially, other than what we've mentioned, at least from MRG's
perspective, we wouldn't expect wholesale changes other than our
recommendations. I do think there would be some important things I'd
recommend in preparing for next year. Now that we have a process, we
should work to map out a realistic schedule no later than May 1st. I know
you all get very busy. Before you get away at the end of June to have a
process mapped out with dates held on your calendars for both the CAOs
                                                                                    Page 19 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
