                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Where that exists. Where it exists. With your clarification,
it's clearer.

Mayor Holman: All right.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, I just wanted to point out that Item k now is
the item that is incredibly broad. It applies to all the commercial districts.
It's not limited to California Avenue. That's quite a broad investigation. Also
Item l will involve some legal analysis about what we actually have the
ability to do when an existing use has opaque windows. We can do that
analysis. It's "k" that creates a really broad set of issues and notification
requirements for this Ordinance.

Council Member DuBois: Can I ask a question on "k"?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: You indicated that you guys believed it needed to
be reviewed. How would you like it to be worded to accomplish that?

Ms. Gitelman:      Thank you, Council Member DuBois.            What we were
expecting to do is similar to what was done back in 2001. There was an
effort to look at retail districts individually. Cal. Ave., Downtown were each
looked at individually, and then Midtown and Charleston Center were looked
at. In that context, they looked at the controls for all of the commercial
districts. We're happy to do this, but maybe clarifying that as a separate
matter or in a separate Ordinance to do that. If we link it with Cal. Ave., it's
going to slow down all the Cal. Ave. stuff.

Council Member DuBois: You can say that. I read Clause p to say bring
forth the stuff you can, that won't result in a delay, and have anything that
takes longer as a separate Ordinance. We could call that out in "k" as well.

Ms. Gitelman: What I’m hoping is that we can include enough things in the
Motion that are doable in the short term, that we won't have to do an
Interim Ordinance. It just creates more work for Staff if we're coming back
multiple times with different versions of this.

Council Member DuBois: If it just said as a separate matter update ...

Ms. Gitelman: That would be great.

Mayor Holman: My only concern about if we just do the ones that are
simple and there are other things that we need to address, that we won't
ever do it. That's why I suggested the Interim. If we don't have to do an

                                                                         Page 85 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
