                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. We have a number of members of
the public who care to speak to this item as well. We have eight speakers.
You'll be having three minutes to speak each. The first speaker is Stephanie
Munoz to be followed by Becky Sanders.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members and applicants and
everybody. I keep thinking of Rosenbaum's remark, the city shouldn't sell
zoning but if it does, it should get a fair market value for it. What I see—I
should perhaps mention first my respect for all of you for your integrity, for
your goodwill and for your acumen. Nevertheless, I'd like to tell you what I
see. What I see is that the County has a place it considers surplus. At the
same time as we are scrounging all around for housing, for the homeless
shelter to replace the armory, for other low-income housing, for teaching
housing, it seems to me inappropriate for the County to offer for sale to a
private individual what the City or the County or the community at large is
going to need. What happens is the private entity buys it at what seems like
a terrific price considering all that you're supposed to be able to do for it and
the County takes that offer and is happy with it. There's a hidden agenda
there. What the development company intends is not to have it be what it's
zoned for, but to procure from the City Council a much higher valuation. It
seems to me it would have been a great deal more practical for the City to
tell the County what it wanted and, by the way, I think the use of surrogates
is an obfuscation that I don't welcome. I don't think anybody else does
either. The City should have told the County what it wanted to do with the
land first, and there should have been some understanding of what it would
be willing to give up to the private entity to whom this piece of land was
being sold at such a great price. Whatever you do to improve the value
improves the value. If you have to buy it after the value has gone up, that's
not a practical way to do business. My appeal is to—the barn door is closed
now. You shouldn't sell or put garages on City property that you're going to
need for something else. You shouldn't let the County do it either. With
that in mind, good luck.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for your well wishes.            Becky Sanders to be
followed by, it looks like Genaro Diaz.

Becky Sanders: Good evening. I live in Ventura. My name is Becky
Sanders. Thank you for your service. I really appreciate it. I know you
work very hard. I urge you to say no to upzoning the VTA parking lot
property. We do not need more traffic, safety problems, pollution, developer
give-aways and monster buildings that are given Code exemptions in our
neighborhood. This is going to affect Ventura. With all the development
under construction and in the pipeline for the California Avenue area and
abutting neighborhoods, the collective impact has really yet to be measured.
                                                                         Page 47 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
