                          TRANSCRIPT
a lot of Eichlers. Apparently it came to their Council or to their Planning and
Transportation Commission. There was a discussion about how this could be
done in such a way that it was compatible with the other Eichlers. Maybe
that muddies the water at this point. I don't know. It was very interesting.
The way people add second stories certainly varies enormously, especially if
you ride around town now and look in some of the areas where they have
added the second stories where they're primarily single stories. They have
been added in a whole variety of ways. Some are certainly very intrusive;
others are not at all. If that's something we could look at in the future, that
would be interesting. Other than that, Mayor Holman, I'd be glad to move
this to the Policy Committee, if you're ready for that. If not, glad to wait.

Mayor Holman: Why don't I come back to you?

Council Member Burt: I'd like to follow up on Council Member Kniss'
question about whether we should in the future explore a second alternative
to offer neighborhoods, which would be a design compatibility for Eichler-
style neighborhoods if they want to elect to allow second stories, but those
would be under certain design and compatibility guidelines. I don't know
whether neighborhoods would be interested in that.            There may be
neighborhoods that are predominantly Eichler but already have a lot of
second stories and they're not candidates for single-story overlay. It may be
that some neighborhoods would say they're interested in that as an
alternative. We also may not get any takers, and the neighborhoods who
want more protection may just want to go the single-story overlay route. It
would be helpful to the Staff and the Policy and Services Committee to hear
whether this is a subissue that we should be pursuing if this is referred to
us. As far as returning to the original IR review committee co-chairs or
other committee members, an additional question for them would be how
implementation of the IR review process seems to have occurred over the
years compared to its original intent and the early years implementation,
and whether that has drifted. That's an important question.

Council Member Scharff: What I heard from Staff is that they don't have the
bandwidth to have this go to Policy and Services and work it up. I like
Council Member Burt's suggestion of alternative design guidelines in Eichler
neighborhoods. That's a much more targeted and shorter discussion than
saying other neighborhood overlays. There might be others. If you target
it, it's much better. That's a targeted approach that would work. If we're
going to do that, if we're going to make it narrow like that, we should refer it
to Planning and Transportation to look at it. I'm not sure why we would
need to go to Policy and Services, but I'm open to hear why we would want
to do that. I might be missing something. That's where I would probably go
on this. Let's target it. If there are other neighborhood protections besides
                                                                          Page 54 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
