                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: We seem to be talking about the Brown Act. The
Brown Act deals with transparency in making public decisions. It's not just
having a material impact, but perceptions of the public of what we're up to.
It's tied to that statement of material impact. The whole purpose of the
conflict area is here's potentially a material impact. In order to be as
transparent as possible for the public, we are recognizing the possibility of
that. It's a very tricky issue. I would feel more comfortable with the legal
team taking a first cut on what are the definitional issues, and then have a
discussion in the Policy and Services Committee about what is that. Then
going to a legislative advocate about how would we deal with something like
this. It's a legal issue that should be examined, and it's a policy issue that
the Policy and Services Committee should look at next.

Council Member Scharff: If we don't have the amendment, it's unclear what
the legislative advocate would do. I don't think it makes sense for him to
spend time at the legal stuff that our City Attorney would look at or to look
at opportunities and bills until we know what we want to put in that bill. I
don't quite see how that would work. I don't think it would be a good use of
his time.

Council Member Kniss: I was surprised to hear the Vice Mayor comment on
the Brown Act, because that had been my exact comment. I'm intrigued by
it. If I can be flip for just a moment. For heaven's sakes, why are we
required to be under the Brown Act and the Legislature isn't? I'm not
attempting to be funny. It serves the public so poorly. We are tied to that
Brown Act. If you listen to any of the Senate or Assembly, they will tell you
they've talked to every member there in order to get their bill passed.
Truly, is that justice? Hardly. The Vice Mayor's comments were apt.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, the amendment on the floor that we'll be
voting on is to direct City Attorney to investigate regulatory or legislative
opportunities that would include a requirement of material impact on the
elected official on the conflict of interest and report to Policy and Services
Committee. That amendment fails on a 5-4 vote with Council Members
Berman, Scharff, Schmid and Kniss supporting.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid yes

Mayor Holman: We return to the original motion, the main motion, which is
to request the legislative advocate investigate legislative opportunities that
would include requirement of material impact on the elected official on the
conflict of interest and that we would also request the City Attorney to
investigate regulatory changes along the same lines and report to Policy and


                                                                         Page 54 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
