                         TRANSCRIPT
want to hear about that item or not?      What is your thinking on how we
would address those?

Mr. Lait: I think that's a fine suggestion. We can make that list and focus in
on the items here. As things come up, we'll make another list that we'll add
onto the Tier 2, and we'll revisit all that with the Council.

Mayor Holman: On signs, you've heard from Council Member Scharff, 5
square feet. You've heard from Council Member Kniss potentially looking at
neon and where it's applicable or not.

Council Member Kniss: With the understanding that currently it is not
mentioned. I think that's an important point. I'm going to guess that at this
point if someone were to apply for that, you would have to come to us for
some kind of approval since it's not in the ordinance.

Mayor Holman: Actually, I think in looking at all of this, you have to look at
this as this is not the whole Code. Neon is addressed in the Sign Ordinance;
it's just not included in the packet in front of us. There is a neon aspect to
the Sign Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss:    Do we think it's sufficient then in the rest of the
Code to cover that?

Mr. Lait: What I’m hearing is that we will return at a future date and we'll
provide an explanation of how we regulate neon signs. You can decide at
that time if you want to pursue an amendment. Is that fair? We don't have
the whole Sign Code in front of us right now.

Council Member Kniss: We'll call that to be decided in the future.

Mayor Holman: Yes. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Before we go too far, I just wanted to make some
high level comments. First of all, thank you, guys, for working through this.
I know it's been probably six months and a bunch of meetings. It's really
worthwhile to have the presentation really summarize a lot of confusing
language very well. Thank you for that. When we first met in August, I
think before you started your PTC meetings, we talked about closing
loopholes. I think that's still really important. The PTC Minutes have kind of
involved into kind of noncontroversial minor things. I think there are a
couple of non-trivial things that maybe we can address tonight. I think
several of the Tier 2 are kind of simple clarifications. I'm hoping we can
cover a couple of those. With the rest of the Tier 2 list, I'm wondering if
maybe the Council Retreat is the place where we could prioritize some of
                                                                       Page 46 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
