                          TRANSCRIPT
response was, "I'm sorry. I really don't. It's hard enough for me on my
salary to figure out where I'm going to live if I want to be in this town, if I
want to stay in this town. I can't imagine what it's like for you." I think it's
interesting. The housing situation is tough on everyone. It's obviously more
tough on some than others. I also think we know the solution; it's build
more housing. It's build smaller housing. It's build the type of housing that
people need. I was very, very happy to see the parking improvements start
to come in. I'm glad that we're addressing the problems instead of seeing
problems and throwing our hands up in the air and giving up. I look forward
to more sort of creative approaches like that in combination with more
housing. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. William McCray to be followed by Elaine Haight.
I'm sorry. Elaine Haight.

Elaine Haight: Hi. I've been living in Palo Alto for about 25 years, and I like
to hear everybody say housing, housing, housing. I just have a couple of
things to add. I want to thank you for putting in the Downtown parking
permit program. It's been really fabulous. It really shows that you can
effect change. You are in the unique position. You have such a great
opportunity here.      Everybody wants to develop in Palo Alto.        All the
developers are dying to build. You get to select exactly the proposal that
you want. That's why we're all saying here, "You are the decision makers.
You get to decide. Whatever you say." If you say to the developers, "We
will only allow housing, no offices," they'll jump in and build housing.
There's no question about it. Everybody wants to live here. If you say you
can live here, but your car can't, people will live here and they will leave
their cars behind. You get to decide what you want to incentivize and what
you don't. The Downtown parking permit program has really disincentivized
the driving their car into Downtown. That's a great quality of life benefit for
everybody including the climate change that you were talking about, which
was a great point to make. If ten years from now we're in this same
situation, you guys are the ones. It's not Google's fault. It's not Facebook's
fault. You are the ones that will decide whether we're going to have more
housing here or not. The zoning is another one. As long as you assume
that every house has to have a garage and every apartment has to have at
least one parking space, you are telling people, "You can't live in Palo Alto
without a car. We will not allow you to live in Palo Alto without a car."
That's just, in my mind, it's not forward thinking. The forward thinking is
we're going to get around without oil. We're going to not have so much
traffic around here. We're going to have room for many more people to live
in the same place where they work. We have the jobs, now we only need
the housing. If we have the jobs, the housing, the shopping altogether,
what did we leave out? Traffic. Please just try to consider all this great
                                                                         Page 46 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
