                          TRANSCRIPT
Money is certainly being spent. I've certainly been very clear, and I think
my colleagues have too, with the Registrar that we're going to be into a kind
of "no excuses" mode given the expenditures that are being made with
respect to technology and staff. Some of this is fairly simple. Some of it's
quite complex. My pitch has been do the easy part, take the low-hanging
fruit. Some of this is not rocket science. One of the challenges, as I
mentioned earlier, is that as more and more people have been turning in
their ballots—excuse me, using the vote by mail process, the voting pattern
has changed. It used to be people would get their vote by mail ballot,
they'd fill it out, and they'd send it back. It would arrive at the Registrars
and they'd have plenty of time to count it before 8:00 on election night, and
they could announce the results. Now what's happened is too many people
have been burned by last minute campaign events, and they've said, "I'm
hanging on to it to see how the campaign goes." Then they walk it over to
their polling place which means there is a huge flood of so-called vote by
mail ballots that are not mailed at all. They show up sealed in their
envelope, and they're a little bit labor intensive in terms of counting on
election night. That's why things drag, it's one of the reasons, on and on.
My hope is that the postage gambit will help people decide that they
actually, if it's postage paid, can mail it. I also asked some fairly basic
questions like how many shifts are we working? Two eight-hour shifts.
There are 24 hours in a day, could we work three eight-hour shifts for just a
week? Yeah, we could. Now, we will. I also asked some questions like I
understand that even if we have the labor on board, we've got machines
that have to count those ballots. Do you have enough people on election
night opening those ballots and certifying the signatures to use up all of the
capacity in the machines or are the machines sitting there underutilized for
some period of the night? Yeah, they are sitting there underutilized for
some period of the night. Let's not do that; let's have enough people in the
room on that night. Some of these things are underway. The last thing I
should probably tell you is I suggested and the Board has approved a
management audit of the Registrar of Voters Office by the Harvey Rose
organization. I see Mrs. Kniss nodding because she knows that the Harvey
Rose organization is always a dog with a bone when you give them an
assignment. I think that if there are lingering organizational issues, they will
find them. I'm cautiously optimistic going forward that we're going to have
a better result in June and November of 2016.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks. Very helpful answers.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I also would like to thank you for your
service as Supervisor.
                                                                         Page 10 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
