                          TRANSCRIPT
developments. There is no way in my mind that 300 guests, workers,
delivery trucks, people that are coming to the guests on invitation, staff can
have a 1 percent increase on the traffic on San Antonio Road. I just really
cannot believe this. Again, everything is cumulative when it comes to
traffic. I think we've seen over the last several years how traffic in this City
seems to be underestimated, and then the residents pay a big price for it. I
think the people have a right to develop this property. I'm not sure why it
doesn't go into housing since we have a great need for that. This project in
my mind is way too large and completely out of scale for this land. This City
Council last week sent back the Shady Lane property based on the fact that
it wasn't compatible with the university environment. I think this situation is
the same here. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Did Staff hear anything they feel they want to
respond to? Okay. For members of the public, we're not approving or
disapproving any project tonight.   This is a Study Session that's just
preliminary review. You'll hear questions and comments tonight and no
Motions. Council Member Wolbach. Questions and comments.

Council Member Wolbach: Just a couple of comments. Obviously as was
just mentioned, we're not making any decisions tonight. I certainly came in
here trying to keep an open mind, and I will continue to do that. I do
understand that there is a great deal of demand for hotels in our region,
including in Palo Alto. I do understand that there is a benefit to the City
coffers that comes from our TOT. Thank you again to the voters for
approving the update of that and increase of that last year. I acknowledge
those realities and those potential benefits. I do think that I would prefer to
see housing at this site. If it was just my choice, that would probably be
where I would focus. I think that that's certainly the greatest need in Palo
Alto right now. Obviously we've spent decades adding lots of jobs and not a
lot of housing. I understand that that's not the applicant's responsibility, but
if there's an opportunity to provide housing here rather than a hotel, I think
that that's probably preferable. Also, I just want to point something out as a
correction. On Slide Number 4 of the applicant's presentation, it shows a
circle around the North Bayshore Research Park, which is in Mountain View.
A lot of our challenges are regional, so I'm okay with providing that and
showing that. It's interesting because it shows a 2-mile radius starting from
kind of a southern entrance rather than a northern entrance to the Research
Park. It says that there are no hotels in that 2-mile radius. There are two
problems here. First, there are lots of hotels and motels in that radius in
Mountain View. Secondly, if you moved the starting point, the center of that
circle, up to the north end of the Research Park, almost all of the hotels
shown here in Palo Alto would also be within a 2-mile radius.                 I'd
recommend scratching or amending that slide before your next presentation
                                                                         Page 10 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
