                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Boyd: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Great, super. Not everyone is going to be happy with a
plan such as this, because in a way it has indications of negative impacts at
the same time. I think Council Member Filseth said it that it's like if you
have to make a choice between safety and some more traffic, safety is
certainly going to win out on that. I think the parents and people such as
Penny Ellson have done a great job getting—I think it's 850 students a day
ride to Gunn. It's a remarkable number. I think with further improvements
to Arastradero-Charleston, that number could get even higher. With slower
speeds, that's the real compelling thing with this was slower speeds. If
there is an accident, the accident's going to have a lesser impact. We all
know that for every 10 miles of speed, the accident becomes more and more
severe for especially bicyclists. I think it's a good plan. The temporary
aspects of this are not always followed.         As Staff indicated in your
presentation, sometimes vehicles will ignore paint on the street. I think
having the permanent fixtures in place makes a whole lot of sense to help us
move along and realize the real benefits of the plan. Happy to support the
project. With that, seeing no other lights, let's vote on the board please.
That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9a.   (Former Agenda Item Number 7) Utilities Advisory Commission
      Recommendation That Council Adopt: 1) Resolution 9548 Entitled,
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Certifying the
      Adequacy of the Final Environmental Impact Report for the Recycled
      Water Project Pursuant to the California Environmental Quality Act and
      Adopting the Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program”; 2)
      Resolution 9549 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Accepting a Modification to the City’s Long Range Facilities Plan
      for the Regional Wastewater Quality Control Plan which includes the
      Recycled Water Project and Authorizing the City Manager or his
      Designee to Initiate Preliminary Design and Prepare a Funding Plan for
      the Project”; and 3) Direct Staff to Proceed With Filing Funding
      Applications for the Project Consistent With the Project Description.

Mayor Holman: We'll have a change of Staff.

Council Member DuBois: Mayor, can I speak?



                                                                      Page 103 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
