                         TRANSCRIPT
revisions for City Council review; use the existing organization with minor
updates to include climate protection, the two concept area plans, the
Airport, Baylands and mixed-use guidelines, which I think were all the major
new things. If there was something else I left out, you can let me know.
The second part of the motion—do you want me to email this to you—would
be to evaluate modern job definitions for our commercial zoning districts and
suggest approaches that Council can use to specify the large-scale
commercial operations that aren't suitable for Downtown or the Cal. Ave.
area.

Mayor Holman: I thought we were going to focus on L-8. I thought that's
what your motion was going to be.

Council Member DuBois: No, I'm leaving that to somebody else. This is the
other half of it.

Mayor Holman: I'm not hearing a second, maybe cause ...

Council Member Burt: I'll second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt that for the Land Use and Community Design Element to:

A.   Direct Staff to update the existing Vision Statement with minor Staff
     initiated revisions for City Council review and use the existing Goals
     and organization with minor updates to include incorporation of
     climate protection, the two Concept Area Plans, the Airport, Baylands,
     and mixed use guidelines; and

B.   Evaluate modern job definitions for our commercial zoning districts.
     Suggest approaches Council can use to specify that large-scale
     commercial operations, development, manufacturing, etc. are not
     suitable downtown or California Avenue.

Mayor Holman: Can I ask you to clarify for anyone, it says updating the
existing vision statement, but you don't say based on what. There's no
meat on the bone there.

Council Member DuBois: It's basically the Staff suggestion. Based on our
just probably previous discussions and what they've heard here.

Mayor Holman:     Would you like to incorporate that into the motion for
clarity's sake?

Council Member DuBois: Again, I'm not sure what you're asking me to
incorporate. Basically I'm moving the Staff recommendation on this.
                                                                      Page 66 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
