                          TRANSCRIPT
relates to time and other issues. One of the values that we want to be
paying attention to is that this is a community-based community. Our public
safety folks ought to be within the community as far as access and even
symbolism. In the current contemporary conversation we're having today in
our society about police and community relations, it's important that we're
sensitive to that; not that the location in and of itself answers all of those
questions. There's a plus side to what Brad mentioned at the last minute
about the need to proceed with building a parking garage at the Cal. Ave.
location right away. We could move ahead expeditiously with building a
public parking garage that could serve the public in that area while we are
doing the more detailed design and building a Public Safety Building, which
is a lot more. Lastly, it's something I don't think we've talked about. I do
want to acknowledge the shrinking of the program that has taken place over
time to get us to this 44,000 square feet, having Fire added to the list. I
appreciate that work. That was done before. I would remind the Council
that several years ago, when we didn't have any money and we were
planning, we were designing a building to fit on a Park Boulevard site. This
had nothing to do with the Jay Paul project. It predated that. That was
about a 1.7-acre site. It was very close to the size of this one. The last
thing I would mention is that the initial parking program identified this 191
spaces, of which 114 are for visitors and Staff, which seems like a lot. This
was pre-TDM and other mindset about how we ought to be dealing with our
parking and transportation issues. If we're in a location that has access to
transit, there is the potential to build a parking garage that could serve more
general public needs in addition to this building. That's something for us to
be thinking about when you're comparing one location to another. We'll
have more to talk about, but I did want to share those initial thoughts with
you. Thanks.

Annette Glanckopf: Good evening, Council. Our passion, a Public Safety
Building. I'm going to highlight a couple things and maybe say something
different from the letter I sent you. 2015, Public Safety Building, Number 1
infrastructure project. 1997, Council directed Staff to initiate the process for
site selection and the construction of a new Public Safety Building. Actually
it started, I think, closer to 1985. We all know about the Palo Alto process,
but this project must break every record on the books. Today we had
another wake-up call. I don't know if you heard about the earthquake in
Concord. Actually there were eight small quakes in the last couple of days
over there. So let's get moving, no pun intended, on the Public Safety
Building before this inevitable disaster hits our City with this building being
pancaked, roads impassable and no phone service. By that, I don't need to
remind anyone that our 911 Call Center is in the basement. The time is
now. I challenge this Council, the brightest minds that we've had in quite a
while, politically savvy, to make it happen during your term. Make it your
                                                                          Page 26 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
