                         TRANSCRIPT
Business Registry and some other things. We really need robust outreach.
As the liaison to the Chamber of Commerce, I was on their email
distribution list that they sent to Council Member Wolbach, the BAF
committee. I can't remember what that stands for either. They mentioned
in that email that they sent out to their members that at least the Chamber
was not taking a position at this stage on any of this. That may change as
we move forward with additional increase or the consideration of such. I'll
go ahead and move that the City of Palo Alto adopt an Ordinance adding
Chapter 4.62 to Title 4 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to require the
payment of a Citywide minimum wage to take effect on January 1, 2016;
and establish a base wage of $11 an hour to commence on January 1,
2016.      I'm going to add to this motion that Policy and Services
Committee—I'm doing things on the fly which I should never be allowed to
do—continue to study and discuss additional increases in coordination with
surrounding cities. I'll stop there, and I'll let other people ...

Council Member Scharff: Second.

Council Member Berman: ... change it.

Mayor Holman:     Was that Council Member Scharff who seconded that?
Okay.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to:

A.    Adopt an Ordinance Adding Chapter 4.62 to Title 4 of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code to Require the Payment of a City-Wide Minimum Wage
      to take effect on January 1, 2016; and

B.    Establish a base wage of $11.00 to commence of January 1, 2016; and

C.    That Policy & Service Committee continue to study and discuss
      additional increases in coordination with surrounding cities.

Council Member Berman: Quickly, a little more. We also had some
outreach from surrounding cities that very much encouraged us to get on
the same plan that they're doing kind of immediately. I think we all want
to end up at the same place. I think that's very important, for there to be a
regional minimum wage, including communities in San Mateo County as
well as Santa Clara County. We really are a region that has a lot of similar
issues, but we shouldn't rush to all get on the same page. We didn't start
off at the same place at the same time. We in Palo Alto need to make sure
that we're responsible to our community and to our business community in
terms of how we implement increases to hopefully end up at the same
                                                                         Page 35 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
