                             MINUTES
Mr. Northway felt something could be done, but he was not sure exactly
what off the top of his head. The landscaping plan contained a planting strip
alongside the curb.

Mayor Holman indicated that was not a barrier.

Mr. Northway would check with the County regarding a barrier in its right-of-
way.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to ask the applicant to explore a barrier between
Page Mill Road and the sidewalk.

Ms. Gitelman was not aware of any area in Palo Alto where something like
that existed.

Mayor Holman could not think of an area where no trees were located on the
outside of the sidewalk.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Staff attempted to make a really busy
intersection more hospitable from an urban design perspective.

Mayor Holman suggested leaving the design of the barrier to the Applicant.
The barrier should be transparent rather than opaque.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether that would involve the County and its
requirements.

Mayor Holman clarified that the Applicant would ask that question.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if a barrier would impose a substantial cost.

Mayor Holman had no idea. She was simply asking the Applicant to explore
it. She would not offer enforcement of the TDM Program as an Amendment,
but would request Staff provide clarity for an enforcement mechanism and
penalties.

Council Member Scharff believed it was inappropriate for the Council to tell
its consultant which methodology to use if that methodology was not
reasonable and defensible. That should be part of the Motion because the
Council was creating a record. He questioned whether the Council wanted
the consultant to perform an analysis that he determined was unreasonable
and indefensible.




                                                                       Page 34 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
