                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I doubt anyone remembers, since we probably did it
at 12:30 or 1:00 before we left on the break. I had three wishes at the end
of that. One had to do with Everett and Hawthorne. The other with the light
at Paly, and the last one had to do with the County Road which is Oregon. I
want to let you know tonight that not only has the signage at Everett and
Hawthorne made a difference, but I talked to Chief Burns earlier tonight.
They gave a little bit of warning, but since the end of July until now they
have issued 320 tickets. It actually turns out that there have not been a
number of accidents at that. I will be glad to send that to you. I can't find
more than five or six accidents that actually happened there. I'd say
congratulations. Some of the things we actually get right, and this was one
of them. I'm just delighted. The light at Paly is a different story, but I did
see people up on high ladders today attempting to do something. Maybe
that will actually happen too. The last was I was in touch with the County,
but they haven't done much about the lights yet on Oregon that I think are
still poorly timed and certainly very irritating. Thank you.

Council Member Scharff: I just wanted to comment on leaf blowers. I
remember in 2009 when I got elected. I think it was some time in 2010 that
we cut back the money on enforcement. We used to have a dedicated
person with phone calls, if I recall correctly, who would take them and we'd
deal with it. The economy has now improved. The City has money. The
situation is different. I think it's time to focus on how we're going to deal
with enforcing leaf blowers. We used to do a much better ...

Council Member Burt: Enforcing what? I could (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: Enforcing our Ordinance against leaf blowers.

Council Member Burt: I thought you opposed the addition of a Code
Enforcement Officer at Finance Committee.

Council Member Scharff: That was a separate issue. First of all, we
shouldn't be having an argument about this. We used to have a dedicated
phone line, of which people would take that and then the Police Officers
would enforce it. It was never the Code Enforcement Officers, Council
Member Burt, which you know full well, who did that. I think we need to
deal with that issue.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 12:10 A.M.




                                                                         Page 81 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
