                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: When you come back, it'd be interesting also just
the cost of managing the physical media versus having these streaming
services.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: Sure, right. You have the Staff time to put it back on the
shelf and all of that.

Council Member DuBois: I'm also glad to see the increase in service hours.
I think consistency is important. People know when the Library's going to be
open.    Again, when you guys come back later, a year from now or
whenever, I'd really like to know if you see a lot of students there at 9:00
p.m., at Mitchell and Rinconada in particular, and if it would make sense to
increase those hours or not. I don't know if you can answer this question,
but given our new libraries with self-checkout and all that stuff, how many
people need to be in a building to keep it open? A place like Mitchell.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: A building like Mitchell Park, actually we need to be very
aware of security. It's easy for people to get inside upstairs and stay all
day, kind of hide out. We do have more Staff actually roaming, ensuring
that the facility is safe and is secure. We do what we can; we think of it as a
safe place. This is a relatively safe community, but we don't want anything
to happen. You need at least two or three people upstairs, several people
downstairs. Closing up the building at night is a key time, sort of herding
everyone out and making sure.

Council Member Burt: First, I'd like to say not only do I like the new
libraries, but everybody I talk with does. I ask people a lot and kind of get
one answer. They are really enthused about them. Some of my questions
actually have to do with dealing with our successes. First, I want to make
sure on this data sheet, are these years our fiscal years?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: These are our fiscal years, yes.

Council Member Burt: One interesting thing is the decline in Children's,
College Terrace and Downtown. Do you attribute that to people had shifted
there when Mitchell and Rinconada were closed and they're moving back?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: Yes, I do.

Council Member Burt: We only have those two years of comparison. How
does the current volume at Children's, College Terrace and Downtown
compare to what it was before we did our Library renovations?




                                                                         Page 7 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
