                         TRANSCRIPT
have a new surface on the runway, which was beginning to get to the point
where it was dangerous. Now that's all been fixed, and there's going to be
more improvements coming as time goes on. Thanks very much. I think
this is a very appropriate plaque. We'll display it there at the Airport.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, may I say something before they all
sit down, because I think Ralph is about to? Ralph, could you pop up again/

Mr. Britton: Sure.

Council Member Kniss: Ralph Britton and I have interacted for a long period
of time. Whenever there was a question about anything, Ralph offered and
took me up in his plane so that we could look at sites that might not have
anything to do with an Airport or might. He's always been unusually kind
and accommodating. I wanted to say something out loud to you tonight, so
the public can hear it and know what a difference you've made for that
Airport. Thank you so much.

Council Member Wolbach: I would only like to add that I did have an
opportunity also to attend the Airport Day yesterday. I also saw Council
Member Kniss there. The consensus I heard very clearly was relief and joy
that we now have management of our Airport back in our own hands, that
we get to determine its destiny. That helps our City in a number of ways. I
just wanted to say thank you very much to Ralph, Mike and Andy for
everything you're doing. By all reports that I heard yesterday talking to
folks, you're doing a great job and the Airport is definitely on an upward
trajectory. Thank you.

3.   Proclamation of Appreciation for Ralph Britton.

Mayor Holman: I've asked Council Member Berman, and actually he asked
also, if he could present this to Ralph as you were both also Infrastructure
Blue Ribbon Task Force Committee Members.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much, Mayor. It's an honor to
read the following City of Palo Alto Proclamation to Ralph Britton. Even
though the vast majority of this is about the Airport, I had the pleasure of
serving on the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission with Ralph and have
gotten to know him ever since. This is long overdue appreciation for all the
work you've done for Palo Alto and for the Airport. Council Member Berman
read the Proclamation into the record.

                                                                      Page 3 of 130
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/28/15
