                          TRANSCRIPT
alley. I think that just indicates that the alley is heavily used and critical for
businesses, and there's no other place for people to go, so they're illegally
parking. I am concerned about kind of the use of the alley. One other
comment I'd make is there's kind of this mantra that this building follows all
the rules. We heard that last time. Again, I don't think it does. It does
follow 18.18.100, and that's exactly what we're here to talk about. I think it
falls short on mass, scale and actually the quality of the building. I'll stop
there.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. Jonathan, could we go back to the
beginning here, when you first introduced this item? Would you just repeat
your first couple of sentences? Do you remember where you were at that
point? You talked about whether or not the building was in compliance
essentially.

Mr. Lait: I was going off the cuff, so I don't have my written words with me.

Council Member Kniss: You can go off the cuff again.

Mr. Lait: Sure. I believe I was reflecting that it was a mixed use project of
approximately some 31,000 square feet, that it was a Code-compliant
project with height and floor area and parking. It is a Code-compliant
project, and that's based on policies that were in place at the time that the
project was being processed and deemed complete.

Council Member Kniss: I think it's important to repeat that. Thank you for
just doing that. I want to just push back on the TDRs for a minute. Why
don't you give us how you believe TDRs can be used? We've just heard from
Tom. We've heard from others. I have my own perception of how they're
used. I might mention that last year, almost in this same month, five of us
sitting up here approved TDRs for the museum so that they could be
transferred to the building at the corner of Cowper and University, which
made that building four stories high. It's interesting that just a year ago we
were willing to allow a building to be denser on University Avenue. Yet now
we're having a discussion about the TDRs. Why don't we just review that?
The building on University that's the new Thoits Building was demolished.
There was no question they are using the TDRs.

Mr. Lait: Just in a very conceptual level, the TDR program, the Code does
set forth a set of criteria where TDRs may be transferred to eligible receiver
sites. There's a whole list of what those are or are not. I think what part of
the conversation is with the subject project is the fact that one of the
buildings that is transferring development rights to this subject property was
                                                                             Page 27 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
