                              MINUTES
MOTION FOR TECHNOLOGY FAILED: 1-8 DuBois yes

MOTION FOR COMPREHENSIVE PLAN PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Kniss hoped the City would receive support from the
California League of Cities and the National League of Cities regarding
Healthy City/Healthy Community.

3.    Getting the Work Done.

Mark Weiss did not like machines dictating operations.      He wondered
whether Council Members could refrain from commenting when they agreed
with previous comments. He requested the Council not limit time for public
speakers.

Frank Ingle suggested the Council resolve that fiber was a public utility.

Mayor Holman noted five Council Members submitted comments regarding
meeting management, Staff and Council roles and relations, communications
and reports, Committees and Commissions, and liaison roles. She would
refine the time allotments for Agenda Items. She wanted to allow public
comment within the time stated on the Agenda for an item, even if that item
had not been called for discussion. She requested everyone be aware of the
words they chose to disagree with or criticize someone. In the interest of
time, she recommended deferring Committees and Commissions, referring
liaison roles to the Policy and Services Committee, and deferring
communications and reports.         Topics for discussion were meeting
management and Staff/Council roles and relations.

Council Member Burt inquired about the topic of policy.

Mayor Holman advised policy was Staff/Council roles and relations.

Council Member Burt disagreed.

Mayor Holman indicated they were the same for purposes of the discussion.

Council Member Burt asked if items under policy would be discussed as
Staff/Council roles and relations.

Mayor Holman replied yes. She requested the Council discuss Staff/Council
roles and relations first.




                                                                          Page 18 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 01/31/2015
