                          TRANSCRIPT
kind of leadership in Washington, DC. Quite the opposite at times. If you
have any other thoughts about things we can do at the local level that would
be helpful, I've been in some discussions with some people in the local area
about whether to explore something perhaps here addressing an overarching
policy in the manner you described. Also on the housing issue, if you have
any other thoughts on—it's really a collective action problem. We have this
jobs-housing imbalance in the region that goes back from decades that I
think we all recognize now of promoting economic development and
promoting job growth which is great in a lot of ways but now has resulted in
this backlog where our transportation, our housing hasn't kept up. I know
we're not alone in this. As you said, it's a regional issue. A lot of other
cities are struggling with those questions and exploring some of the same
things we're exploring. We're looking at maybe changing our rules around
accessory dwelling units. I know some other cities in your district are going
through that same discussion. We're trying to talk about ways to try and
prevent displacement of people at particularly Buena Vista Mobile Home
Park. I know other cities in your district are dealing with other ways to
prevent displacement of longtime residents. Either tonight or in the future,
any other ideas that you have about how we can emulate what's been done
successfully in other cities in your district or ways we can work with our
neighbors, we'd definitely welcome those suggestions. Regarding sea level
rise, I've spoken about this with you in the past. I think that the four
biggest challenges that we really need to tackle right now, the next five, ten
years in our region, are transportation which we talked about, housing costs
we've talked about a little bit, income inequality which you mentioned, and
also sea level rise. Of course, all of those four issues intertwine. The threat
to not only Palo Alto but a number of other communities in your district from
sea level and other risks from climate changes such as water insecurity, fire
risk, etc., are quite severe. If we don't tackle them and get them right now,
we're going to be in a lot of trouble in 30 to 50 years, to put it mildly. If you
have any thoughts that you'd like to add to the discussion about how we can
prepare for what is already an inevitable change from climate change.

Senator Hill: I think the best thing that we can do on the issue of—
Assembly Member Gordon's legislation, I think, will go along a way in
allowing for and requiring a database, the collection of data so that we can
understand what the problem is throughout the state. Once we understand
the extent of the problem, the potential of the problem, then we can work to
try and find the solutions. Our area could be devastated economically from
this. It will be a major problem that we have to really tackle. It has to be
brought up as a priority, that it's not today as much. I think people are
becoming—because it's such a long term, 30 or 40 years, that's a long time,
but it's not. It'll be here quickly. We have to really make it a priority.
Every decision needs to be based on that, every aspect of it. I know BCDC
                                                                              Page 12 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
