                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: That's right. A legal nonconforming use could continue and be
replaced. Let's take another site that doesn't have an existing formula retail
and a Pete's does want to locate there. The very nature of a discretionary
application is that there are some subjectivity based on it. What we try to
do is craft some findings, which are the ones that you referenced, to provide
the decision maker some guidance. That process also includes a forum for
the community that people who live in the area, who do have businesses in
the area, to send comments to the City and offer some of their perspectives.
It may be that another coffee shop doesn't tip the balance. Two or three
more could. I think part of it is a case-by-case review based on the findings.
The answer is there is some subjectivity, and that kind of speaks to what
Council Member Kniss was referring to. There's some latitude there.

Council Member Scharff: There's five things here, five different findings.
Are there reasons why those five findings were chosen as opposed to other
findings? The popularity of people showing up and speaking for something
and speaking against it. Is there a reason why it doesn't go to Council as
opposed to having the Director make the decision? I want you to just
address that and then I'm done.

Mr. Lait: I'll start with your last question first. The way it's set up for
conditional use permits. Those are reviewed and approved by the Director.
There's a 14-day notice that we send out to a 600-foot radius. If there's
anybody aggrieved with that decision, they can request a hearing. That
hearing is before the Planning and Transportation Commission. The Planning
and Transportation Commission would then ...

Council Member Scharff: When you say aggrieved, any citizen can do it?

Mr. Lait: Yeah, let me double check that.

Council Member Scharff: Including a Council Member? Say a Council
Member doesn't like it, a Council Member can file it and have it come to
Council?

Ms. Stump: We'd have to look specifically at that. It presents some special
issues.

Mr. Lait: Then any recommendation from the PTC goes before the City
Council. Then, in that case, the City Council would be the hearing authority
on that. As far as these five findings, I believe in our May 18 report we
surveyed a number of cities. We've looked through those findings, and we
handpicked the ones that we thought were most helpful to Palo Alto. We
layered on top of that our own perspective. What these five represent is
sort of the universe of findings that are out there in some model ordinances,
                                                                       Page 46 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
