                          TRANSCRIPT
Most often than not, those signs are approved. We have an existing process
where they would still go to the Architectural Review Board; we just wanted
to eliminate the need for going through a sign exception effort. Actually the
wall sign that you see is a picture in the Survey Monkey, that reflects our
current practice now. We call those wall signs; before we were calling them
roof signs, and that required the sign exception. The illustration on the
other side there, projecting signs need to be underneath the canopy. We've
approved many without the canopy, and we thought, "Let's remove that
standard." That's Group 1; moving onto Group 2. Group 2, again, is
definitions, interpretations and other changes related to single-family
homes. The first one has to do with zoning interpretations. This is a new
section that we're proposing. On a daily basis, we're looking at the Code,
and we're applying it to projects either at the counter or in the office when
proposals come forward. That's fine, but sometimes you come across a
project where it doesn't neatly align with the plain reading of the Code, so
we need to make some decisions and some interpretations about how that
might apply. What we're trying to do here is establish a process that doesn't
exist formally today in the Code, whereby if we do make an interpretation,
that's really an interpretation. You're trying to apply something to a project,
and the Code doesn't give you as much guidance. We want to be able to
write that interpretation down, present it to the community in a transparent
way, and give an opportunity for people to appeal that within a 14-day
period. If there's no appeal, that would then become the new interpretation
that would sort of rule the day until the next set of Planning Codes would
come around. Then we would codify that so we don't have a long list of
interpretations that we currently have now. This is an attempt to be more
transparent and upfront about how we make interpretations. This is a
provision that exists in many Codes throughout the state. The next one has
to do with a clarification about gross floor area. This reflects existing
practice today. All we're trying to do here is clarify that stairs and elevators
on all levels of a home would count towards gross floor area as that
contributes to the bulk and mass of a home. This, again, is reflecting
current practice, this change. The next modification has to do with a
definitional exclusion to gross floor area having to do with compliance with
the American Disabilities Act. What the Code does now is it doesn't have a
cap for how much area can be exempted from gross floor area and parking,
actually just gross floor area. What we're trying to do here is make that
clear that what we're trying to do is narrow it to the minimum extent
necessary, so that there's not an over-exaggeration of how much floor area
is needed to be exempt to accommodate ADA-related items. Also, we're
making a word change in the amenities that are excluded from gross floor
area. Right now the Code reads, I think, drycleaners. What we're proposing
to do is just make it a more general term of onsite laundry. The definition of
usable open space, this again is reflecting current practice. We've seen
                                                                         Page 30 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
