                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Amendment, “regular” with
“more frequently used.”

Mayor Holman: The amendment in front of us then is direct CAC to develop
language providing for coordinated area plans to be become a more
frequently used planning tool. That's the amendment to the amendment,
and that was accepted. We don't need to have it separately. With that, let's
vote on the board. That passes unanimous with Council Member Kniss
absent.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Council Member Wolbach: I did have a couple of other amendments. That
one took much longer than I expected. I hope the next ones are much
faster. Regarding climate change, what I was hoping to identify here with a
goal or at least language regarding climate change is—yes, I will remember
to come back to "C" as well. When you get a chance, if you could scroll up a
little bit. It's not just about dealing with climate change. It's about dealing
with climate—especially when we're talking about the Land Use Element, it's
not just about climate change. It's about climate adaptation, specifically sea
level rise. Saying that we're going to focus on climate change could be
interpreted as we're going to do everything we can to reduce our
greenhouse gases, but ...

Council Member Burt: We understand adaptation.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd suggest—where is it?

Council Member DuBois: Number A.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. Where it says "climate protection," I would
actually change that to "climate change adaptation." If that would be
(inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member Wolbach: You could add that. I would add actually "climate
and sea level adaptation." You can leave in "protection," but I would add
"including climate and sea ...

Council Member Burt: (inaudible) comma, just add it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: I'm waiting to see what it is.
                                                                        Page 86 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
