                             MINUTES
The most important prong was whether the claims of members of the
association were different and distinct. If claims were different and distinct,
then the association could not represent those members. The residents of
the Park were very different, particularly because no one would receive the
same amount of mitigation assistance. It was legal error for the Council not
to dismiss the appeal. The residents of the Park had been represented since
the inception of the proceeding. In every Relocation Impact Report, the Law
Foundation and other attorneys opposed every aspect of proposals. The
Council did not need to hold a complete, new adversarial proceeding. Given
the structure of the Ordinance, it was reasonable to assume that further
witness testimony and more evidence was not intended.

Nadia Aziz, Law Foundation of Silicon Valley for Park residents, stated that
the majority of Park residents were low income, Latino, homeowners. The
Park was an important source of affordable housing in Palo Alto. Any
procedures adopted by the Council should be of the highest level of fairness,
transparency, and openness. Mobile homes were often the only source of
home ownership for low-income families. Moving a mobile home was
expensive. Locations for mobile homes were almost impossible to find.
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park was one of three mobile home parks set for
closure. State law required specific procedures if a park owner wished to
close a park. The park owner had to mitigate any negative impacts. Those
negative impacts had to be reviewed by a legislative body. The Conversion
Ordinance gave the Council the final decision of whether mitigation
assistance was adequate. Park residents requested the Council allow the
appeal to go forward, to follow the quasi-judicial hearing procedures
described in the City's policies and procedures, and to schedule the hearing
in April 2015. The Association represented the vast majority of residents in
the Park and took an active role in the closure process. No individual
resident represented himself during the administrative hearing.           The
Association made several offers to purchase the Park, which the Park owner
did not accept. As stated in the Staff Report, the Association was considered
an aggrieved party under the Ordinance and municipal law.              If the
Association was not allowed to represent Park residents, then individual
residents would request appeals. The Council should require testimony from
all parties and any experts. The hearing should be held at a time and place
that allowed residents and the public to attend.

Cybele Lavuolo-Bhushan did not believe the City should take homes from
residents of the community. The Park represented economic and ethnic
diversity.




01/12/2015                                                             116- 313
