                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: In the future.

Ms. Gitelman: ... with these revenues, we don't know how much they'll
cover. It's our hope that the General Fund support will be quite a bit less
than we're showing you this evening.

Council Member Filseth: I want to second what the Vice Mayor just said
about looking at this. I agree it shouldn't derail this for the first year,
because this has been a long time coming. Residents want it. There's been
a lot of delays already. Council Member Scharff just pointed out a fairly
significant, silly one that we've had to deal with. Staff has done a thorough
job on this. We ought to move forward.

Council Member Burt: I support moving forward. I want to correct for the
record something that is important for the community to understand. The
Transfer of Development Rights that we did earlier this evening must be fully
parked at their new location Downtown. They're being transferred from a
location that is in want of the parking overflow areas to the Downtown.
They're not being transferred from elsewhere in the City into our impacted
neighborhoods. In fact, they'd be getting moved from the outskirts of
Downtown at Homer and Bryant to somewhere closer to transit Downtown.
We hear claims that now these TDRs are necessarily compounding our
problems. In this case, that's not the case.

Mayor Holman: I'll most assuredly be supporting the motion. It has been a
long time coming. Thank you to Staff for your diligence on pursuing this
over the long course, longer than any of us wished it had been. I want to
also support the comments or reiterate the comments of Vice Mayor Schmid
when it comes to where the funding source for this program is coming from
and what we might look at in the future in a longer-term fashion. The
motion in front of us is to implement the City's last, best and final offer to
Service Employees International Union Local 521, SEIU, by (1) authorizing
the City Manager or designee to award a three-year contract in the amount
of $1,509,630 to Serco, Inc., for enforcement of the Downtown Residential
Preferential Parking, RPP, Program, and approving a Budget Amendment
Ordinance, BAO, in the amount of $378,000 to cover contract costs for the
first year, transferring funds from the General Fund to the Residential
Parking Permit Fund, offset with a reduction in the Budget Stabilization
Reserve and (3) adopt a resolution amending the administrative penalty
schedule to include a penalty amount for violation of the RPP Program. Vote
on the board please. That passes unanimously, on an 8-0 vote with Council
Member DuBois absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

                                                                         Page 44 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
