                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Thank you. It's like drinking from a fire hose. I'm
trying to understand. Is there a system risk that's not captured here of,
say, something catastrophic happening to CalPERS where if we prepay our
unfunded liability ahead of time, there's actually some risk that that's a bad
thing to do?

Mr. Bartel: Let me make sure I'm understanding your question. I think I'm
hearing two questions. You can tell me if there is. People use the term to
prepay. Sometimes they mean to prepay the current year contribution. The
alternative to prepaying the current contribution would be if you have a
$300 million unfunded, if you wrote CalPERS a $300 million check. Are you
asking ...

Council Member DuBois: I'm asking is there a risk like that CalPERS goes
bankrupt and any advance payment you made is actually lost money. Kind
of related to that, because I know we're going to run out of time, the
difference between, say, paying through your General Fund directly to
CalPERS versus a Section 115. Is that just a difference of who's making the
investment decision? You're essentially looking for ...

Mr. Bartel: No, there's really two differences. The 115 trust, number one it
is a difference in who's making the investments. What we would suggest is
if you did set up such a trust, you should not try to beat CalPERS'
investment return. You should try to mitigate their volatility.

Council Member DuBois: Yes. You're kind of diversifying your risk.

Mr. Bartel: Yeah, that's right. That's exactly the way that I would look at it.

Council Member DuBois: Is there like the system risk that's not captured
that some people (crosstalk) CalPERS?

Mr. Bartel: Yeah. Reason number one is you actually mitigate the volatility
which in the long run really is what CalPERS is trying to do. That's value
number one. Value number two is the best way to describe the trust that I
think the best way to use it, if we just kind of look at Miscellaneous. Let's
pretend for a moment you look at the Miscellaneous rates and you go, "What
we would like to do is we would like to budget over the next six, seven years
at 33 percent of pay." I'm just picking 33 as a random number. What you
would do is you would set up your trust with a little bit of seed money and, if
CalPERS tells you your contribution is below 33, you give them that number
and then you move into the trust the difference between 33 and what you're
paying to CalPERS. If CalPERS tells you your contribution rate is higher than
33, you take the money out of the trust and give it to CalPERS. From a
budget standpoint, you have that level 33 percent of pay. What we find is
                                                                         Page 14 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/9/15
