                         TRANSCRIPT
to strike or modify Subsection 2(d) in 18.12.100, which says a fee is
charged.

Council Member Scharff: When we make a motion tonight, if we were going
to say "direct Staff to continue the practice of treating the single-story
overlay district," should we put in there that you will also bring back an
amendment to amend the Municipal Code to codify that practice?

Ms. Gitelman: That would be perfectly acceptable. I'm referring to a section
on packet page 450, if you want to look at it. We should either take the
step of amending this section of the Municipal Code or put a note on the fee
schedule that says even though it says charge a fee, the fee is nothing. You
could do either one of those things.

Robert Moss: I found the whole question of the fee rather puzzling. I listed
the various Staff Reports for the first ten single-story overlays which were
adopted. In none of those reports was a fee mentioned. That doesn't mean
a fee wasn't charged; it just wasn't in the basic report that went to the
Council. I was curious. I looked at the City budgets from 2005, '06, '07,
and '08 and there was a table and there were fees. A single-story overlay is
not listed in any of those budget fees in the tables. I suppose it would be
possible to go back and look at the Council minutes of the meeting when the
actual overlays were adopted and see if the minutes discuss fees. I found
the whole thing rather puzzling. The other thing I want to mention is a third
of the single-story overlays are small, 16-27 units. The higher the fee and
the small areas, the more it's going to cost each property owner. In fact,
there was only one single-story overlay which was large; it was 256 or 259
units. The others tend to be between, in round numbers, 55-95. If you
decide you do want to maintain a fee, that it be minimized, $500, $1,000,
something like that. You might want to put in two levels of fees. If it's
under 150 units that are asking for the single-story overlay, then you have a
lower level fee. If you have over that number, then you can have a little
higher fee because it would still average out to a lower payment per
property. The whole question of the fee charge, what came in and how it
was assessed, was puzzling. I had some trouble digging out any data on it.
I suppose it would be possible to do it, but I don't know if it's worth the
effort.

Leah McGarrigle: My name is Leah McGarrigle. I live in Los Arboles addition
of Eichler homes built in the early 1970s. Our addition is notable for being
one of the last Eichler subdivisions built and one of the few containing some
rare Eichler homes designed with an integrated second story. We are
committed to protecting this important legacy and our neighborhood quality
of life. I have here the Los Arboles edition application to create an R-1 as

                                                                        Page 46 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
