                         TRANSCRIPT
ideas. We have that Planning and Transportation Commission for a reason.
I think Greg's idea of a Study Session, pull everybody together as we did
with the ARB at one point—or was it your idea? Whomever's idea it was.
I'm supporting the original motion.     Meaning I'm not supporting the
amendment.

Mayor Holman: Just a couple of quick comments here. I think we do need
to have a joint meeting with the PTC, find an avenue to have conversation.
Just to be clear here, it's like from a personal perspective.        It's not
whether—I'll just speak for myself. It's not whether I agree or disagree with
the recommendations that come from Planning and Transportation
Commission. Believe me, I spent maybe half the time I was on the Planning
and Transportation Commission voting with the minority. It's not that. You
always take the risk of, like, Council either will or won't take the
recommendations. That's just the way it is. I think the concern that I have
is it seems like—I've watched a few of the meetings. The concern I have
and why I want some guidance provided by Policy and Services—typically I
would never support this amendment, really would not. I think right now it
might provide some guidance to the Planning and Transportation
Commission in reviewing this item. Too much of the things that I've seen
from Planning and Transportation Commission are based on personal
perspective and not grounded in the Comprehensive Plan and our zoning
rules and the history of what the community has done and looked at before.
That's why I would support the amendment, which typically I would not. Let
me just add a couple of little points of information, so when this goes to
wherever it goes. The Staff should provide the Planning and Transportation
Commission Minutes from—was it ten years ago? When accessory units
were considered, so that those issues can be considered. Also that the
understanding be clear that if even if a second unit is built, there is no
requirement that the City can impose that it be rented out. That whichever
body ends up reviewing this also look at how we can address the loss of
second units, because we don't even count—last time I knew—when we lose
secondary units. We should be counting those. The streetscape issue, it's
also a parking issue. That was where we got the big push back before,
because people were saying, "We didn't buy into a multifamily zone." There
was a great concern about parking. Those are things that I think would be
helpful to have, whichever body reviews this next, in front of them. City
Manager.

Mr. Keene: Thanks. Maybe I haven't been tracking the conversation
completely. I would just interject one other thing here. That's efficiency a
little bit. The amendment has three meetings rather than one meeting, if
I'm reading it right. I know theoretically that sounds fine, but each one of
those meetings is staffed. That means that Staff from Planning and the
                                                                     Page 108 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
