                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I await your guidance (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Do you have other questions and comments?

Council Member Filseth: No (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: On anything.

Council Member Filseth: I'll say a word on the EIR. My inclination is,
outside the DEE, the building meets Code. We should be guided by our
Codes, but I share Council Member Schmid's concern about the EIR. I'm not
sure exactly how to do it. I haven't made up my mind on it. A couple of
other things that have only been mentioned briefly. This comes in the Staff
Report on the next item. There are 120,000 square feet of office space in
the pipeline for the California Avenue area today. Plus, there's a real
possibility we're going to have a 44,000-square-foot police building across
the street from this location. The question is, is that considered in the traffic
analysis. The answer has been—if I read what I've got back here—not
specifically but we have a model. I assume the model assumes that that
space across the street is a parking lot and not a 44,000-square-foot
building. If we build this and then later there's a traffic problem or the
traffic report comes up then, either those impacts would have to be
mitigated or a Statement of Overriding Considerations adopted or fees from
new developments to implement future roadway improvements would have
to be done. What kind of roadway improvements are we talking about?
We're not going to widen them, because there's no space there. I'm not
sure what recourse we have if we get it wrong on the traffic analysis. That's
what I'm trying to grapple with right now. Like Council Member Schmid, I'm
still asking the question how do we certify the EIR, but that's a separate
discussion. That's why I moved to do the DEE thing, so we get that out of
the way and maybe we can keep talking about the EIR.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, would you in deference to Council
Member Scharff for the time being withdraw your motion for the DEE? Then
we'll get to motions after we finish questions and comments.

Council Member Filseth: Okay.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Kniss: Can we do something?

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to say one more thing about the traffic
report. The 120,000 square feet of office space in the queue, it would make
a difference to our thinking if we had the office cap in place. That would
                                                                         Page 83 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
