                              MINUTES
Mayor Holman concurred as the definition of retail-like uses was not
contained in the current Code.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if the purpose of including retail-like services was
to include services as well as goods.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes.

Council Member Berman agreed with including retail-like services.           He
inquired about the definition of personal services.

Ms. French replied beauty shops; nail salons; day spas; barbers; self-service
laundry; cleaning pickup stations; repair of shoes, clothing and accessories;
quick printing and copying services; internet and other consumer electronic
services; and film, data, and video processing shops. Art, dance, and music
studios; fitness, gyms, martial arts, and yoga required a Conditional Use
Permit.

Council Member Berman stated the Council had approved and identified
funding for a parking garage on California Avenue; however, nothing had
been done. That symbolized the Council's need to prioritize its and Staff's
work. The Council continued to place work on Staff without concentrating on
projects that would make a difference for the community.

Mayor Holman asked if retail-like uses would include plant nurseries and
commercial recreation.

Ms. Gitelman would interpret retail-like in that manner; however, the Council
could clarify it.

Mayor Holman suggested Staff include those in the urgency ordinance. She
requested a clarification that no loss of retail meant no loss of retail square
footage.

Ms. Gitelman advised that was the intention; although, retail uses involved
some accessory activities that were not public facing. Staff could not
guarantee that all square footage was utilized for retail sales.

Mayor Holman would accept those ancillary uses of retail space. She wanted
to be clear that the 25 percent office unrelated to retail would not be
allowed.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the proposed ordinance would prohibit conversion of
ground-floor retail to any amount of office.

Mayor Holman referred to converting existing uses.

04/06/2015                                                              117- 192
