                         TRANSCRIPT
density. I feel very comfortable that we will find a way to fund this $5
million without question.

Mayor Holman: With that, we vote on the board on the amendment. That
amendment fails on a 4-4 vote with Council Members Berman, Scharff,
Holman and Wolbach voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-4 DuBois, Filseth, Kniss, Schmid no, Burt absent

Mayor Holman:       We return to the main Motion. I'd like to offer an
amendment to the main Motion which is on the third line, "towards the $18
million Avenidas." I would like to delete, with Council Member Kniss'
hopefully agreement, "sources to be determined by Staff." I would like to
delete "towards the $8 million Avenidas capital campaign." That again kind
of confuses what we're focused on. We're focused on the rehab and seismic
retrofit of the main building. That's actually what Avenidas is focused on. It
doesn't get as murky into the other arena.

Council Member Kniss: No, I understand. It murks it up a bit to do that. I
think that that will clarify it.

Mr. Keene: I think we would support that as far as clarification. Looking at
the City Attorney.

Mayor Holman: Excellent. Council Member DuBois, as seconder ...

Council Member Kniss: You can incorporate that into the motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, as seconder?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I would accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion, “towards the $18
million Avenidas Capital Campaign.”

Mayor Holman: I think the rest of it is fine. Any other comments,
amendments? Seeing no lights, it looks like we are ready to vote on the
motion. The motion is to contribute financial support of $5 million from
revenue sources as to be determined or to be determined by Staff towards
...

Council Member Kniss: We need to take a few words out.

Mayor Holman: Here we go, David. (crosstalk) seismic. Molly, there you
go.
                                                                       Page 91 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
