                         TRANSCRIPT
nightmare. It's a construction nightmare. It's a lot of challenges, but it's
critically important that we're united around seeing it as a challenge but
recognizing that we can't wait forever to do it. We're not going to wait for
somebody else to do it. That gives me a lot of hope.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm supporting, especially the notion of the Rail
Committee reforming since this does take intensive work. Just a couple of
clarification questions. "B" mentions the Context Sensitive Solution. The
first step in the Context Sensitive Solution is to get a shared stakeholder
vision. I guess I'd like to add some idea of who the stakeholders are who
would be committing to build the shared vision.

Council Member Burt:    Are you asking the maker?     They didn't make the
motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The maker or ...

Council Member Burt: Part of this process is essentially the opposite of your
fear in the Context Sensitive Solutions. It is intended to be a broad,
inclusive group of stakeholders. If you kind of look through the materials,
this is why it's been successful. Context Sensitive Solutions came about on
major highway systems in response to the traditional method where a state
highway agency would want to build a freeway down the middle of a town,
and they literally had an acronym for that. It was DAD, design attack
defend. That was the process. Very interestingly, the lead project engineer
for this system, High Speed Rail on the Peninsula, has recently come
onboard here when at the LPMG meeting when I brought up Context
Sensitive Solutions, he said, "I think it's great.        I've worked with it
extensively at Caltrans. It is a very effective process." You look at
communities that have participated in it, and grass roots membership in
communities. It really has been extremely effective starting with defining
the issues. Let's not get ahead of ourselves of asking who they are
specifically. The intention is to be extremely inclusive and deliberate.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Good. I guess we're just asking for it to come back.
When it comes back, we'll have some places to look for its success. Second
question. On the circulation study, I guess I noted last week in the Maybell-
Arastradero, there was a mention of "we have a new Palo Alto traffic model
that came up with surprising results." I suppose that the first phase of the
circulation study will share insights from the new traffic model, what it's
based on, what kind of numbers are generated, what assumptions are in it.
Is that where we're headed?

                                                                        Page 37 of 70
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/13/15
