                          TRANSCRIPT
      adjacent buildings with an additional floor requiring articulation or
      setbacks; and

E.    Massing and setbacks. The design shall have articulation and setbacks
      that minimize massing; and

F.    Project shall be reviewed by the Historic Resources Board including as
      it relates to buildings along Kipling Street.

Council Member Burt: I'll just clarify B2. I'm meaning that if it was two
floors directly at the street face and a third floor that would be articulated
above so that the look and feel is generally of a two-story building. That's
my best cut at it. I'm sure others will have some different thoughts.

Council Member DuBois: There's been a little bit of disagreement even
among us about context and compatibility. I look at the drawings on A02.
To me it's completely striking how massive and out of scale this building is.
If you look at the relationship on Kipling Street, it's a one-story building to a
four-story building, extremely abrupt. Even along University Avenue, it's 1
1/2-story buildings to a four-story building.            The context and the
compatibility is the number one issue. Like I said, I'm concerned about the
circulation and some of the other issues. For me this is the most striking
one. It talks about patterns of rooflines, projections, shadow patterns for
massing.     Compatibility is achieved when apparent scale and mass is
consistent. I don't feel it's consistent in this case. In terms of providing
specific feedback, Council Member Berman's comment was well made. This
Motion tries to get to that by pulling from the Ordinance and citing the
specific elements that need to be addressed.

Council Member Filseth: My instinct is almost identical to Council Member
DuBois'. The issue on my mind is compatibility. If you look at the picture, it
just sticks out. That's what needs to be addressed. The Motion on the table
attempts to address that. What I hope is that when this comes back, you
won't have the reaction that you do when you see this one next to all the
other ones. That's the issue of siting and scale. This is A02, is the drawing,
right?    I think we're trying to strike a balance between being over-
prescriptive here as opposed to what the criteria we want to look at is. I
don't think that tweaking the setbacks on the terrace on the top, for
example, is going to do what needs to be done. I hope that the Motion is
clear on this stuff. There was a lot of discussion about great weight being
given to how much the project evolved over time. We all appreciate the
Applicant working to incorporate feedback from the ARB, but that's the
wrong criteria. What it used to look like is irrelevant. The question that
really matters is, is it compatible. I'm sure if you look at it enough times,

                                                                         Page 76 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
