                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt noted the City had an allocation from Hetch Hetchy
that was 30 percent above water use, and the City did not buy that water.
He inquired about the relevance of the City's hypothetical benefit from
improvements to the Anderson Dam.

Mr. Fiedler explained that the Water District managed the water table to
avoid steep shortfalls and to ensure available water supply. Those supplies
or commingled local water and imported water could be used to recharge the
groundwater basin.

Council Member Burt stated that Palo Alto citizens had not drawn down the
aquifer from the time the City began buying Hetch Hetchy water. Any
subsidence or reduction in the water table occurred because Water District
customers were drawing down more than pumping in. He interpreted the
Water District's argument as Palo Alto citizens were to pay other Water
District customers so that they would not draw down the aquifer. Palo Alto
citizens were not at risk for drawing down the aquifer, because they had a
water supply.

Mr. Fiedler explained that without Water District management wells in Palo
Alto would probably be dry. By using State water and recovering the costs,
the Water District provided a benefit that allowed Palo Alto's wells to be
available during an emergency.

Council Member Burt asked if it was true that Palo Alto would not have
caused a decrease in water supply because Palo Alto did not drawdown the
aquifer.

Mr. Fiedler could not say definitely because he did not know all the historic
wells in the region. He did not know how Palo Alto's demands compared to
other demands in the region.

Council Member Burt asked if the Water District had a registry of all wells in
Palo Alto.

Mr. Fiedler replied yes.

Council Member Burt requested that list in writing.

Mr. Fiedler agreed to provide the list. In Fiscal Year 2013-2014, active wells
in Palo Alto pumped approximately 185 acre feet of water.

Council Member Burt inquired about the amount of water pumped in from
the State Water Project.



03/23/2015                                                             117- 121
