                         TRANSCRIPT
utility customers' money on something that's incredibly ephemeral. It's an
irresponsible thing to do, and I'm not going to support it.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of questions for colleagues and possibly
for Staff. Do we really want to make the decision tonight that we are going
to be moving towards—my question's probably for you as much as anyone.
It didn't sound like there was unanimity among colleagues about wanting to
reduce to a lower rate. It looks like at this point, Council Member Burt,
you're comfortable with it and that's the (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: No, I've always assumed that we would gradually
have this go down. That's the intent of the pilot scaling.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for clarifying that. Would it be too
complex or would it be worse to tie the rate to the cost of the market? One
of the concerns is that we don't want to go down too slowly or too quickly if
what the market is doing is very different.

Council Member Burt: My answer would be that's very possibly a route that
we would take when this would come back. That would be a basis for a
discussion a different night.

Council Member Wolbach: The question for Staff. The motion as it is right
now, is this clear or this fuzzy?

Ms. Ratchye: It's clear enough. There's some clean-up you need to do to
this thing on the screen. Under "c," the statement "as previously approved
by the Council" should be deleted, because there was no program for non-
solar.

Council Member Wolbach: "D" in particular, 1d, just want to make sure that
you're comfortable (crosstalk) with that.

Ms. Ratchye: I understand that it is directing Staff to return with a plan for
some sort of gradual reduction in the price, some proposal we'll come back
later with.

Council Member Wolbach: Was this planned to come back to us next year
anyway, come back on an annual basis? Is this just providing additional
clarity to what we'd want to be in the Staff Report at that time?

Ms. Stump: This does not continue what you've previously had as practice
of reviewing the price annually. This would be a commitment to do 3
megawatts at this price and then to look at price reductions after that,
whether that was next year or the following year or the year after that.

                                                                         Page 51 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
