                             MINUTES
Kathy Shen, People Strategies and Operations Director, advised that
Mountain View changed its Council salary from $600 to $1,000 a month at
the election in November 2014.

Council Member Kniss asked if Palo Alto residents could have voted on a
similar item.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, indicated the Council could have put a
compensation increase measure on the ballot. She believed the Policy and
Services Committee considered that and decided to explore an Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss reported Council salaries for other local jurisdictions.
If the Motion was not approved, the Council should consider placing the item
on the ballot in 2016.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to adopt the attached Ordinance increasing Council salaries, effective
January 1, 2017, from $600 per month to $1,000 per month.

Council Member Kniss noted the salary increase would not affect many of the
current Council Members.

Council Member Burt stated this was a modest step to democratize further
Council participation. The salary increase would occur in 2017, so it would
coincide with the reduction of Council Member seats and proportionally
greater workload.      This would have virtually no impact on gender
participation on the Council. He supported the Motion.

Council Member Wolbach clarified that reduction of Council Member seats
would occur in 2019. This would be an increase for several current Council
Members. Reducing the number of Council seats would mean more work for
all Council Members. Currently Council Members earned minimum wage
based on a conservative estimate of hours worked per week. It would be
appropriate to have a salary increase coincide with the reduction of Council
Member seats.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to change the implementation date to January 1, 2019.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Kniss preferred to retain the effective date of 2017 to
encourage candidates in 2016. She asked if Council Member Wolbach
referred to the County of Santa Clara or the federal minimum wage.



01/20/2015                                                            216- 354
