                          TRANSCRIPT
Motion, “received project approval by July 1, 2015 or the effective date of
the Ordinance” with “applied for in 2013 or 2014, which the applications
were complete March 31, 2015, from the Development Cap; and for projects
with applications complete June 15, 2015.”

Council Member Kniss: Point of clarification if I might, Mayor Holman. That
means that whatever reads on this sheet—if it's incomplete, it's incomplete
and it's out of the mix.

Council Member Filseth: If I understand this right, if it's incomplete, it can
still compete with the other projects to be part of the 50,000. It doesn't get
exempted.

Council Member Kniss: We're reading right from this?

Mayor Holman: Yes, basically.

Council Member Scharff: I want to understand if it's okay to be arbitrary
and capricious when we do this. How do we feel about that? I want to know
if this is all right to do it this way. I also want to know is anyone interested
in giving preference out of the next 50,000 to the people that have done this
and that gets the criteria in there, because they've put it in there. I could
live with that.

Mayor Holman: Then why have the competition?

Council Member Scharff: As one of the criteria, if you had your application
into this, you'd get some points for that.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd be okay with that.

Council Member Scharff: I would make that as an amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, is that okay with you?

Council Member Burt: As one of the criteria, not a preference.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion, “as one of the criteria considered as part of the 50,000 square foot
Development Cap” after “June 15, 2015.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: Director Gitelman, could you take a look at the list
that's on there and the motion and read off the ones that qualify? I'm
having some trouble with the wording.

                                                                         Page 98 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
