                          TRANSCRIPT
in the community. That's the best argument for it. The arguments about
resiliency and all that kind of stuff are frankly silly. This is like having a
teaspoon of water and throwing it into an ocean in terms of resiliency. Four
megawatts on what we use is not going to make any difference in terms of
resiliency. The question is, is that worth it financially. I remember Council
Member Burt at that point saying to me we should support this because it's
not that much money over the avoided cost, basically the 14 versus the
16.5. Given that small amount and given the arguments by the Clean
Coalition at the time, which was if we do this, the prices will fall and we will
have that Feed in Tariff approach. Given the small amount, it's worth taking
that. The world has changed dramatically. We can now buy solar at 6 to 7
cents. Avoided costs, you add that in, which makes it apples to apples,
makes it 10 cents versus 16.5. We have had a de facto policy on this
Council of not doing that. When we looked at the anaerobic digester, we set
the price for buying the power from the anaerobic digester at the avoided
cost. That's what was in the motion and that was Council policy. There was
no intention on my part to kill this program. What this program needs to do,
though, is to be within reasonable limits in terms of where you can buy other
renewables. If you believe—it's a legitimate belief I suppose—that it's worth
the difference between 10.4 and 16.5 to say we could have the symbolism of
having rooftop solar in our community, then you should vote for this. That's
a legitimate point. I don't think that a quarter point raise to the ratepayers
is worth that. That's not financially responsible. You may make a different
choice, but that's what it comes down to. I don't think this is a pro-green or
an anti-green thing. We could take that $300,000 and put it into energy
efficiency and save more greenhouse gases. To talk about some of the
other points that were made. The PV Partners Program, yes, it cost more,
but it's required under some sort of State mandate to subsidize it at that
rate. To compare the two is not fair. The other thing is given the huge gap
between 6 and 7 cents solar and where we are in terms of this 16.5 in
rooftop solar, I don't see it scaling. I don't see it happening. If it was close,
maybe. It's so far apart, there's such a huge difference between the two, I
see this as we spend this money; we have the cap; it's a quarter percent
increase in the rates; it doesn't make financial sense. I did have a question
for our Utilities Department which was confusing me a little bit. The
$310,000—this wasn't presented properly to the Finance Committee—is for
the whole 3 megawatts?

Ms. Ratchye: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: This is the part that wasn't presented to the
Finance Committee. We weren't told that there's a $150,000 lease that was
going to be for the garage, at least that's my recollection.

                                                                           Page 35 of 56
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/27/15
