                          TRANSCRIPT
would be from the Stanford Medical Center Development Fund for Health
Services and Safety, which is something that we had identified $2 million of
that fund toward Project Safety Net. I think the uses of that fund toward
Track Watch and our City's share of the fencing are very important
measures, but I think they should come from the General Fund and reserve
the dollars in the Stanford fund toward continuing support for Project Safety
Net. My question would be of the City Manager, if we approve this tonight,
how can the Council in the nearer term be able to have a consideration how
to perhaps backfill the Stanford Community Health Fund to keep those
dollars dedicated toward Project Safety Net.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council Member
Burt. First of all, we would really need to have the Council's approval
tonight to use the funding as proposed and a Budget Amendment Ordinance
so that we could initiate the new contract effective December 1st. That
being said, I know that some of the concern would be that, one, Project
Safety Net itself is a larger initiative than just the issues of means restriction
to the track. Of course, the City has been contributing and then actually
contributing funding to sort of the broader range of issues related to Project
Safety Net. However, with this contract award, effectively the City would
have allocated all of the authority of the $2 million essentially that the
Council has already approved. I would propose two things. One is that
when the City comes back to the Council in the winter with the mid-year
Budget review, that we would have the opportunity to identify funding
sources in different amounts that the Council could use to essentially
replenish the Stanford funds to whatever degree you thought would be
appropriate when we do the mid-year Budget review. Tomorrow night, the
Finance Committee will be taking up the CAFRA, the Comprehensive Annual
Financial Report. In that report already, the year-end closing from the prior
fiscal year identifies a lot of both under-expenditures in the General Fund
and over-collection of revenues that are recommended for different uses,
going in the Budget Stabilization Reserve, going in the Infrastructure
Reserve, some suggested potential payments. There's a significant amount
of funding there that certainly could allow the flexibility for a good discussion
by the Council as a whole. Not tomorrow night, but post-that, when we get
to the mid-year Budget review to give you the flexibility to look at options on
keeping a large portion of the original $2 million for Project Safety Net
available for ongoing and future expenditures. In addition though—I've
talked with some of our Staff—there could be a situation in the nearer term.
For example, we're out looking at hiring a Project Safety Net Director. We
anticipate, if that happens, bringing that person onboard and beginning their
salary and support of those efforts. I think we have sufficient capacity in the
nearer term between now and the mid-year Budget review to be able to
handle any of those expenses within the departmental budgets. I have the
                                                                              Page 37 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
