                          TRANSCRIPT
Martin Bernstein, Architectural Review Board Member: Thank you, Council
Member Wolbach and Mayor Holman and Council. I did not participate in
this project. Thank you.

Mr. Lait: Mayor, if I may? Just to bring to the Council's attention, we do
have the draft verbatim Minutes from the HRB meeting in Attachment F of
your report. There's also the Carey and Co. report on Attachment B which
details the analysis as it relates to the Birge Clark structures, the adjacent
buildings and so forth. We're prepared to answer any questions you may
have about that report.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. A couple of things. I guess my first
concern is that the ARB didn't really have a ringing endorsement of this.
Maybe you could explain. I'll give all my questions, then you can maybe
answer them. I'm thinking there was a number of members of the ARB that
said that the articulation wasn't as good as the adjacent properties, that the
project just didn't look as good as it should have, basically is the sense I
took from it. I'm sort of wondering on the design stuff why the ARB then
didn't say make these design changes, forget massing, forget that. There
seemed to be other stuff that would make this building better. That's the
way I read our Staff Report. I want you to tell me if that's true, if this could
be a better designed project. My concern in all of this is we want high
quality as a Council. I mean, I'm not on the Council as a design expert. It's
really hard for me to go through this project and say it's going to look great,
it's not going to look, it needs a little more articulation here. I don't really
feel that's my role. I have some concerns about that. I guess I also want to
know whether or not the revisions to the project made it tougher on
Michaela's Flower Shop, for example, and whether or not that'll have an
impact on her business. I was concerned that she came here and said to us
that she's worried that her business won't survive this. I mean, I thought
that was the important point. I assume the concern is that she won't be
able to park her trucks there. I wanted to sort of flesh that out a little bit
and understand what that is. I didn't feel that the circulation study in here
dealt with that issue in the Staff Report, if we could address that. I also
wasn't quite clear why the letter from the Hohbach-Lewin Group, the
structural engineers, were in the packet, that talked about how this was on
the edge of seismic safety. I assume what they're saying is that they don't
want us to make changes to it because of the sheer wall components. I
wasn't sure what I was supposed to take out of that. I didn't want to take
the wrong idea out of that either. Let's see. Those were my basic
questions, if you could just sort of give a brief response to those.


                                                                            Page 24 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
