                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: If you need to. I'll leave it to your judgment.

Mayor Holman: The list that was provided to us came from the SOFA
working group description.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for that clarification on priorities.
Council should own the vision and the goals. We need to find time to
complete that discussion. It came up during the last discussion about vision
and goals. We should try to adopt a goal and maybe some policies and
programs around bringing a quantitative model into the Comp Plan
discussion. Specifically on this, on the stakeholder categories, you guys are
shaking your heads, but we've got the discussion about prioritization of the
elements. That aspect of it is important for the citizens when they're
working on the actual policies and programs. I'd like to consider maybe
adding some other stakeholder categories. Maybe some background in
historic resources would be good. On the question about kids in the schools,
you might want to add a question in that survey about which school, so we
could get a mix of school-aged children, elementary, middle school, high
school as well as a mix of different schools. I'd also like to see a local retail
business owner. You might want to ask that on the survey as well. It
should be a requirement that representatives represent more than one
interest. That should be a filtering criteria, if they'd fill multiple seats.
There was a clause in here that said they might not have to be a resident.
They should be a resident. We should be able to fill the Comp Plan
committee with residents. In terms of the schedule, I'm going fast because
it's late. Originally you had three sessions with the citizens on land use and
starting off with land use. I wanted to throw out there that you might want
to start with an easier element first. That would also allow maybe better
synchronization with Council, because that's during the summer break. If
they started land use when we were in session, we could follow along.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that suggestion. Vice Mayor Schmid raised a
question about the schedule in his questions to us.       We do want to
reevaluate that schedule. I appreciate your comment. We're reaching very
much the same conclusion, that we need to reorder things a little bit.

Council Member DuBois:       Great.    I was thinking about some kind of
quantitative representation of different neighborhoods. I don't think I'll go
that far. Hopefully you guys are looking for representatives from a number
of different neighborhoods across the City, whether they're residents or
active in neighborhood associations, so a mix of both. It would be great to
have people that have been active in associations for a long time. It'd also
be great to have some new people that are just residents interested in the
Comp Plan. My last point is the point that Council Member Scharff made.

                                                                         Page 107 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
