                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Guardino: Vice Mayor, thank you. I counted several questions. I'll do
my best. If I miss anything, bring me back on point. You mentioned
demographics and BART to San Jose receiving 80 percent of former sales tax
measures. Just a quick clarification from a transportation professional
perspective. The BART extension is BART to Santa Clara County. It has
stations in Milpitas, San Jose and ultimately Santa Clara. That's where it
goes. Usually you call transportation lines, transit lines, by where they
terminate, not where their middle is going to be. When folks refer to it as
BART to San Jose, that's their prerogative, but it has stations in Milpitas, San
Jose and Santa Clara, ties in with Caltrain. We have rapid rail around the
entire Bay Area. That is the vision; we want rapid rail around the entire Bay
Area. Before I was born and before some of you on the podium were born
and when most of you were still very young, the leaders in San Mateo and
Santa Clara County in 1960 decided they didn't want that BART system in
their county. We cannot take an Etch-A-Sketch to that decision. What we
can do is work with what we have and have platform-to-platform transfers
to have rapid rail around the Bay. That's what we're trying to do as best we
can. In terms of the jobs/housing ratio in different cities, some cities have
provided more housing, some have provided more jobs. We'd like to see
more of a balance. That also would help with our traffic and commute
patterns, if there was more of a balance. The fiscalization of land use and
tax policies in California is something we could speak on late into the night
tonight about why that is probably not the best approach in terms of State
policy brought down on the cities. You asked where Stanford was. You
kindly invited me tonight; I don't know who else you invited. I cannot
comment on why Stanford or any other employer or institution is not here.
In terms of why a sales tax and is it regressive, yes, it is. Is there a perfect
tax or anything? Not that we've found. We're private citizens and business
leaders; we're pragmatists. We want to tackle traffic congestion and its
related challenges. In a democracy, especially a two-thirds democracy,
what are our fellow citizens and taxpayers willing to do to fund
improvements, taxing themselves? Whenever we have asked that question,
if you want to know where a gas tax polls, it polls around 25-30 percent in
California. You can go through all types of tax and fee revenue sources, and
about the only one that even gets a majority and the only one that gets a
two-thirds is around the sales tax. I'm not going to try to outsmart ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Except for school bonds.

Mr. Guardino: ... smart people. Right, but that's not usually a tax; that's
usually a General Obligation bond or it’s a parcel tax, which we pass—where
I live in Monte Sereno and where you live in Palo Alto, not everyone does.
You're right; for schools parcel taxes also work. It doesn't work that well for
transportation. The last question is where is business. I haven't looked up
                                                                         Page 75 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
