                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Sure.

Council Member Burt: I think we're in this case referring to at the end of
completion of a new coordinated area plan.

Council Member Scharff: Correct.

Council Member Burt:      That's what's being referred to.     That's what he
described.

Council Member Filseth: It's more specific than how the limit would apply.
The real issue is if we say this coordinated area plan has 30,000 square feet
of office space in it this year, do we want to raise the cap for the rest of the
City which is a little more specific than some sort of (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: The question here is, Council Member Filseth, do you accept
what Council Member Scharff has suggested?

Council Member Filseth: I'm thinking about whether the words are right for
what I think we're talking about. It would still be subject to the cap, but the
question is do you raise the limit on other parts of the City. Is that right or
is it the same thing?

Mayor Holman: Let's look at ...

Council Member Filseth: What do you think, Pat?

Mayor Holman: I think Hillary has ...

Council Member Burt: If I might clarify. It's about determining how it would
apply. I think that describes the intent versus whether it would apply.
That's more open-ended. The Council can decide it has to be fully under the
cap, it could be partly, it could be exempt (crosstalk).

Council Member Filseth: I can see that. I'm okay with it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the end of the Motion, “but at the end
the completion of a Coordinated Area Plan process it would come to Council
for a determination on how the Office/R&D Development Annual Limit would
apply.”

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can interject?

Mayor Holman: Yes, Hillary.


                                                                        Page 108 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
