                           TRANSCRIPT
I think you're all thoughtful, really intelligent and do a really good job.               I
think that's great.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Having heard the discussion, there were just a
couple of other things that I'd like to add particularly thinking about what I
heard from my colleague, Council Member Filseth. He has a good point
absolutely, that our bosses are the approximately 65,000 people in Palo
Alto. That's absolutely true. Both the Council and the Commission also
operate in the context of the rule of law. This was alluded to earlier. If
hypothetically all 65,000 people in Palo Alto asked us to do something that
was, in our view, blatantly unconstitutionally, we would not have an
obligation to simply obey it. That's an extreme hypothetical just to prove
the concept. If the Planning and Transportation Commission feels that
direction offered by Council doesn't fully take into account obligations under
State law, I think they should recognize that and should consider that very
carefully. Their job is to consider our Code, consider our Comprehensive
Plan and consider the direction that they've received from us in that context,
also again including the State law obligations. I agree that we do have a
legal and a moral obligation to provide housing. As far as being on the same
page and all that, there's not just especially on one of the issues that we
haven't had a lot of clarify on and that is housing. I think that we don't have
a lot of clarity on that, not just because PTC and Council are on different
pages, but because the Council has not really clearly identified how pro
housing we are. We've said we're pro housing. We've taken some steps to
initiate more discussion of that with the Comprehensive Plan Community
Advisory Committee, giving them clear direction to at least retain the
existing pro housing elements of the existing Comp Plan. We still haven't
given or decided amongst ourselves how we really feel about housing, how
pro housing we are. I think that there's a division on the Council on that
that probably breaks down three ways, very pro, moderately pro, not very
pro. I think that's also reflected in the community. You see reflected in our
National Citizens Survey, when it asks our residents, "how do you feel about
the pace of housing growth over the last couple of years?" Around a third, a
little over a third say it's been too fast. A little over a third say it's been too
slow. The rest say it's been about right. I don't want to throw my hands up
and say there's no right answer. I want all of us to just recognize that
there's going to be tension because we haven't as a community yet come to
a final conclusion. There will probably be lingering disagreement on the
Council and in the community about that issue.

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other hands or lights, so just a couple of
wrap-up comments here. I think one of the things that I've heard here that
                                                                              Page 64 of 132
                                                                City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Transcript 11/30/15
