                          TRANSCRIPT
have to give some thought to how to pose the question in a more
constructive way to get that input from you. Given our calendars between
now and the Council break, I'm not sure that we're going to be able to do
that before then. The input we got this evening was valuable. We will
incorporate that into the next version of the Vision Statements that you see.

Mayor Holman: My comment on the structure of the goals is consistent with
what we talked about earlier. They aren't comparing apples to apples now,
so there's not a parallel track. If something's talking about water, air quality
isn't commensurate. They need to stagger, so you can't compare apples to
oranges and expect people to comment on them. That structure needs to
change.

Council Member DuBois: Could we do a two-minute lightning round?                      I
should just go ahead and do it.

Council Member Burt: Of Goals?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I had some real specific comments.

Council Member Burt: So do I.

Mayor Holman: On Goals? I can't imagine we're going to be able to do a
two-minute lightning around on Goals.

Council Member DuBois: Just two minutes of comment on process. It'd be
more useful to align the common Goals regardless of number.

Mayor Holman: We're doing a two-minute lightning round. Set the timer for
two minutes, please.

Council Member DuBois:       Even if it's different numbers, I'd rather see
current L-7 equals L-4.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry; I'm having trouble hearing you.

Council Member DuBois: Even if the numbers change, I'd rather see the
same topic aligned rather than have it be in the footnotes. I'm wondering if
we could make a quick motion to email our comments to the Planning
Director on details. I did want to propose perhaps two new Goals, worded
as Goals. One would be focusing on grade crossings with our train corridor.
The second would be—I want to make it specifically about Cubberley but
that's probably too detailed for a goal—a community center, senior wellness
center in South Palo Alto. Those are two new goals I'd like to see added.


                                                                           Page 57 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Trasncript: 04/27/2015
