                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Over the past year, I have had any number of
comments, particularly from neighbors, particularly from others, regarding
our Code Enforcement. They've been really troubled by it. It's one of the
areas where our PR is not good, if we're not using Code Enforcement.
Because we're not, this should be proactive. There are a number of areas in
town where you can see buildings that are half done, where there are lots
that are left open, a whole variety of issues. It's up to us to be sure that
we're keeping an eye on what's happening in our community. There's
almost, literally, not a day that goes by that someone doesn't stop me and
say, "What about the house that's on so-and-so" or "What about recently the
house that's burned" or whatever that may be. At least let somebody be out
there and indicating what's going on. That's a position we shouldn't have
eliminated.

Council Member Burt: To give another set of analogies. We have essentially
Codes around speeding and parking and fire compliance and innumerable
things. None of those are based upon complaint. We don't go after
speeders only if someone dials 911, nor do parking enforcement folks only
operate on a complaint basis or fire inspections if somebody complains about
a fire risk. That's a group of things that we say, "No. We want our
appropriate City Staff, whether they're Police Officers or parking or
otherwise, to be looking at compliance." This notion that it's only on a
complaint basis is inconsistent with other elements of our Codes that we
treat on a non-complaint basis.

Mayor Holman: Question for Staff. I have heard sometimes that Code
Enforcement is on complaint basis. That's been oftentimes corrected by City
Staff, saying it's not complaint basis.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. Let me start by thanking the Council. We did have a discussion of
this at Finance and provided some additional written materials to the
Committee as well. We currently have two Code Enforcement Officers who
work very hard to keep up with complaints. The vast majority of our
program is following up on complaints that we receive from members of the
public. The addition of another Code Enforcement Officer would allow us to
be more proactive as Council Member Burt suggests. One of the reasons we
identified this as a position we'd like to add in the budget is we consistently
rank around 60 percent in terms of the Citizens Survey confidence or
appreciation of our Code Enforcement Program. It's an area where we think
the Planning and Transportation Department can do better.            With the
additional resource, I think we can give more attention to planned
community districts, to conditions of approval that are applied at the time of
project approvals and continue to respond to complaints that come in, in the
                                                                         Page 65 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
