                          TRANSCRIPT
street at 428 University approaches this in a much different way. Heavy
columns and deeply recessed storefront glass make the visibility into the
retail space much more difficult to achieve. The Board was quite positive
about the approach this Applicant has taken in regard to retail visibility and
the pedestrian experience of it.     In closing, I'd like to reiterate how
important it is to understand context does not mean replicating style of
adjacent structures. You need to look deeper, deeper into design and
understand the diagrammatic massing and overall order of the building's
organization and the environment within which it exists. This is what our
guidelines encourage, and this is what the building has achieved. Thank
you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:50 P.M.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. We don't have anything to add at
this point, but we'd be happy to answer any questions that the Council has.

Council Member Kniss: Probably the issue that has generated the most
questions and certainly some that you sent over the weekend deals with the
TDR. It's come up any number of times tonight. We have as a Council not
this year dealt with TDRs yet, but we did in December of last year when we
dealt with the TDRs on the historical museum. Could you give us, at least,
your feedback, your read on this? That seems to be a consistent theme,
that there's something amiss with the TDRS.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. I'd be happy to reiterate
some of the material we provided in response to Council questions. That
material should have gotten to you all in writing today and to the public via
email. The question was raised about the seismic bonus that was granted at
the property at 340 University, and subsequently transferred for use at this
site. It's been pointed out that the building was demolished, and that's how
the seismic hazard was abated. The Code does provide for a bonus for
seismic rehabilitation, is the wording in the Code. Historically, the Staff and
the City has provided that bonus when the seismic hazard is addressed
through demolition. We found a handful of examples where this has been
the case. This was the case for 340 University Avenue. The bonus was
granted. The TDRs were certified and recorded in accordance with the City's
procedures. At this point, we don't think there's a way to take back what
was given in compliance with a precedent that was set by multiple other
examples in the City. We are certainly open to the Council's direction on a
go forward basis, if you'd like to clarify that section of the Ordinance or have
us interpret it differently. As I said, we don't feel there's an ability to go
backwards at this point and change what has been granted.


                                                                        Page 49 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
