                           TRANSCRIPT
of Caltrain will really drive that anyway. All that's kind of a preface to that
Dan Richard agreed to have a meeting convened with our City
representatives to discuss the process going forward on this. That was a
good take away.

Senator Hill: I think the other part that I was pleased with was his
willingness to continue and have an ongoing conversation with you and, I
think, with Palo Alto over the concerns that are raised. At any point in time,
we can together make our claim and statements to him.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I also wanted to thank Senator Hill for
joining us and actually for all your help on the carbon neutral portfolio issues
that we were having. That was very important to us, and you did a great
job in helping us on that.

Senator Hill: Thank you.

Council Member Scharff: That's a little hard to (inaudible) like this. A
couple of things. I did want to emphasize that I agree. I think the grade
separation issue is probably the existential issue for Palo Alto and probably
more important frankly than most of this other stuff. However, on the
ABAG-MTC thing, I just wanted to weigh in a little bit. You're right it's a
governance issue. What they agreed upon, as far as I understand it, is that
if they don't have an agreement to merge by June, it reverts back to MTC's
proposal that MTC takes all of the ABAG planners over and puts them in
when they do the One Bay Area plan, which basically means that ABAG
really has a gun to its head. It becomes a governance issue. ABAG as you
know—I don't know if you served on ABAG ...

Senator Hill: MTC as an alternate.

Council Member Scharff: It's large. There's lots of individual Council
Members from a wide variety of cities, from small places like Clayton all the
way up to Supervisors from San Francisco. MTC, as you know, is much
smaller and is really dominated by San Francisco, Oakland, San Jose. Very
few Council Members from individual cities on it. In that merger, I think the
concern is that Peninsula cities, for instance, and the smaller cities
throughout the Bay Area will lose their voice. I think that's the likely
outcome of this merger of the way that happens. It becomes much more
dominated totally by frankly San Francisco, San Jose and Oakland, which
have the dominant position on MTC. Anyway, that I think is something to
think about given that it's really not going to be a year's conversation, but
it's a six-month conversation with a gun to ABAG's head.
                                                                              Page 6 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
