                          TRANSCRIPT
backdrop in front of which we consider where we're going as a community. I
appreciate your bringing that forward.          Having to do with the Vision
Statements in the Comp Plan, a broad statement, a very broad statement. I
find that the Planning and Transportation Commission recommendations,
while it's clear that there's been a lot of effort put towards them—this is not
to one but generally speaking—I find them to be diluted to such an extent
that they don't provide much vision. They're so high level that I don't find
them giving guidance as to what the vision should create in terms of Goals
and policies. Council Member Wolbach said in the Natural Environment he
didn't find wildlife. The word I had put down was habitat. The Planning and
Transportation Commission did mention habitat. Let's just say in Natural
Environment, it's habitat. Urban forest is referenced. Urban is a fine way to
put it, but I also would like to see that integrated more into Land Use, but
you can decide where it should go. I want to see more canopy integrated
into our built environment. As an aside here, having the vantage point of
the seventh floor every day, I look out and I see buildings that are solid
buildings and don't have breaks in them, really interrupt our canopy. It
interrupts our urban forest. That's something we ought to talk about as a
vision.     In terms of transportation, I appreciate the Planning and
Transportation Commission adding reduction of greenhouse gases as a Goal.
There's much in the existing Comp Plan language that is absolutely relevant.
There are pieces of it that we're past, like the 10 percent in alternate
transportation methods. Some of it's a little dated. The Goals there that are
stated as vision are still viable and meaningful. Land Use and community
design. We have a lot of conversation about community design these days.
I'm happy to have that conversation. When I look at the Comprehensive
Plan in the Introduction section, this is a question too, we're looking at
Vision Statements here but we don't have information about what's
happening with the vision statements. When I look at pages 12 and 13,
pages 2 and 3 of the Introduction of the Comprehensive Plan, there's some
very good language there, very good language there, that ought to be
transferred. Happy for it to stay here, but it also isn't integrated into any of
the Vision Statements either current or Planning Commission ones. Palo
Alto's diverse neighborhoods are the building blocks of the community.
That's strong and good. The City is committed to build upon the strengths
of its neighborhoods and maintaining a distinct identity for each
neighborhood. Those kinds of comments are great Vision Statements. The
community treasures the special qualities of the City including its historic
buildings, pedestrian scale, high-quality architecture and beautiful streets
and parks. Maintaining the physical qualities of the City is an overarching
consideration incorporated into all parts of the Plan. That language is
visionary. We talk about in the Vision Statements both current and Planning
Commission recommendations. We talk about where we're headed mostly.
We don't talk so much about where we are. We do some, but not enough.
                                                                           Page 33 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Trasncript: 04/27/2015
