                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: There's a distinction between an appeal and a request for hearing.
The request for hearing is just that. Because it takes place at that Director
level, an application is filed, notice is provided to the community in the
manner set forth in the Code, and then the Director takes this information
and renders a decision. We publish that decision and within, I think it's 14
days, somebody could say, "I want to have an opportunity to have a dialog
with the commission on that." They'll request that hearing. As I said, the
process will continue up to the City Council. That's distinguished from when
an appeal is filed. That does have a cost; it's somewhere around $400 or
$500.

Council Member Berman: The process seems the same, except for an
appeal goes straight to the City Council ...

Mr. Lait: That's correct.

Council Member Berman: ... and this would first go to the Planning ...

Mr. Lait: And Transportation Commission.

Council Member Berman:       ... and Transportation Commission and then to
the City Council.

Mr. Lait: That's right. I would note that ...

Council Member Berman: At no cost.

Mr. Lait: At no cost for the request for hearing. We do have other
applications that we process that have appeals or requests for hearing. I
don't believe that we receive automatic requests for hearing. I don't know
that every decision that we go through this process results in protracted
effort.

Council Member Berman: I think I had one more question. No, it's more of
a comment. I'll save that for later.

Council Member Wolbach: Starting on page 830 of the packet. There's a
great chart listing what's been done in a number of other cities. I believe all
these are in California. Yeah, this is just a partial list of California cities
regulating formula retail. This is Attachment 13D. I'm curious if Staff has
any recommendations among these. Looking through these, I felt that a
number of them have merit. Tonight we're probably going to spend a good
deal of time trying to pick out our favorite bits and pieces from examples
from other cities. My first question might be, maybe for the process of
elimination, does Staff have any recommendations about examples from

                                                                         Page 47 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
