                             MINUTES
Committee recognized the loss to all students who benefited from the
economic, racial, and cultural diversity that enriched schools.       Finding
affordable housing options within district boundaries should be the means to
ensure Buena Vista students remained a part of the community. Rent
subsidies would not enable Buena Vista students to remain in the district.

Winter Dellenbach advised that many Palo Alto residents and organizations
supported Buena Vista residents. The relocation plan had no connection to
any resident of Buena Vista being able to relocate. That stopped the closing
process.

Gail Price believed the discussion of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park was
directly related to the Council's Priority of Healthy City, Healthy Community.
The relocation plan was insufficient. Money could not compensate residents
fully for services, opportunities, and schools available in Palo Alto. No
amount of money could compensate residents for dislocation, loss of
community, separation of families, job loss and searches, and extended
duress and stress.

Michael Morganstern reported a comparable community meant comparable
schools. For Buena Vista children to receive an education comparable to
that provided in Palo Alto, they would need to attend private schools.
Compensation for the education component alone would be close to $25
million. The $16 million set aside by the County of Santa Clara and the City
of Palo Alto would be sufficient to provide the same net amount to the park
owners, because there would be no relocation expenses.

Rick Toker believed the proposed relocation mitigation plan was inadequate.
If the relocation was allowed, it would be the greatest forced relocation in
the City's history, which would besmirch the City's excellent reputation.

Chuck Jagoda stated the community benefited from the presence of Buena
Vista residents. The proposed plan did not satisfy the requirements of the
law.

Amado Padilla advised that Buena Vista parents wanted their children to be
healthy, to benefit from a good education, and to succeed. If the park
closed, residents of Buena Vista would lose their homes, their employment,
accessibility to public transportation, healthcare providers, and educational
opportunities. The community had a moral obligation to ensure all residents
of Buena Vista had access to quality education.

Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan believed the community wanted the residents of
Buena Vista to remain in the community.


04/13/2015                                                             117- 212
