                              MINUTES

1)    Cap would run until the adoption of the new Comprehensive Plan; and

2)    Areas would cover University Avenue, California Avenue and El Camino
      Real districts; and

3)    Limit of ~50,000 sq. ft. of new office/commercial development net
      gain per year; and

4)    That it have a set of scoring standards to attempt to drive quality,
      including:

      A.     Traffic impacts; and

      B.     Parking impacts; and

      C.     Design: Human scale of urban design, compatibility           with
             surroundings, architectural quality; and

      D.     Environmental quality of building; and

      E.     Other potential public benefits.


Ms. Gitelman referred to questions outlined in the Staff Report to which Staff
would need the answers in order to prepare a detailed proposal. Because
the Motion allowed Staff discretion, Staff could take care of most questions.
However, Staff needed information regarding pipeline projects.

Council Member Burt requested Staff present a range of alternatives for
pipeline projects for Council consideration when the Ordinance was
presented for review. Delaying a discussion of pipeline projects would allow
the Council to consider alternatives. An interim cap was the more clear
action at the current time. It would give the Council an opportunity to learn
the correct structure and scale of a cap in the Comprehensive Plan. The
Council would have an opportunity to determine the success of other
measures which would ultimately influence the Comprehensive Plan. He was
willing to exclude Stanford Research Park on an interim basis under two
conditions.    First, between the current time and adoption of a new
Comprehensive Plan, present and future traffic impacts in Stanford Research
Park should be addressed through comprehensive measures of TDM.
Second, the Council should determine a method to restrict future conversion
of R&D space to office in the Research Park. He was open to suggestions for
integrating those two conditions.

03/23/2015                                                             117- 137
