                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It seemed like your concern was how much time it
would take.

Council Member Scharff: Right. I mean, I'd like to put it on it. I assume
they're going to do the hydrology study with all haste, and then they'll get it
to the Parks and Rec, and they'll get it back. I'm just nervous about saying
September if they don't have the hydrology study done. That's all.

Mr. de Geus: Maybe we could say something like within X months after the
hydrology study is complete.

Council Member Scharff: That would be ...

Mr. de Geus: I don't know what would be an appropriate timeline. Three
months?

Council Member Scharff: Three months, that's fine.

Mayor Holman: You're anticipating the hydrology study to take a year?

Mr. de Geus: That's what we're anticipating right now, yeah.               If that
changes, we'll let Council know.

Mayor Holman: Any other comments on the motion?

Council Member Wolbach: Is it necessary to stipulate that it would return to
Parks and Rec and then to Council or is the language as written fine?

Mayor Holman: The natural process would be it would go to Parks and Rec
Commission. They are the advisory group to the Council on these matters.

Council Member Wolbach: As expected. Just wanted to clarify. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to support this. I also wanted to ask Staff if you
would do one thing. I'm not going to try to make it an amendment. If you
would just do an info item to us, or something of that nature, would you look
at in anticipation of opening this how we might start getting compost up
there and re-naturalizing that?

Mr. Anderson: Yes, I'll look into that.

Mayor Holman: And what the impacts of that might or might not be and the
issue that you raised earlier. With that, we have a motion in front of us with
no other Council Member lights. Motion by Council Member Filseth, Council
Member Wolbach, to complete the Buckeye Creek hydrology study before
making any specific recommendations for possible future use of the newly
                                                                        Page 61 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
