                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: As Council Member Berman said, I think I won't repeat the
comments. I don't think I heard anything I disagree with. We'll keep it
simple in that regard. There were a couple or three things that I did want to
point out though. I especially do want to concur though with a couple of
things. The comments of Council Member DuBois about the Lytton signage,
because we get emails about how much traffic goes down Lytton. I really
want to kind of punctuate that one. Council Member Filseth's comments
about neighborhood quality and Council Member Burt's comment about,
however we end up doing it, the financial burden that we're putting on the
City in the long-term. We want to make sure we have a long-term financial
plan on that. I know it's not going to be a part of this Phase 1, but I just
don't want us to lose sight of this. I've harped on this for years. Council
Member Klein became an advocate for this too. We talk about parking
capacity, do not forget we have quite a number of under-utilized private
parking lots. Other communities utilize them. There's really no real reason,
from my perspective, why we shouldn't be using those rather than even
maybe building more parking structures at great expense. In addition to
Uber and Lyft, there's a company that has not made it to the West Coast,
called Via. I don't know when they're coming this direction, but just be
aware of them. Also, we have a lot of individuals and small companies that
own cabs. Cab companies are going to have to adapt. I hope when you are
reaching out to these various entities that you're including them, so they can
be aware of what's going on and not be kind of left in the dark because it's
not what they're doing now. They're just going to have to adapt. One other
thing which I think may be, two other things. Places like the Woman's Club
that have kind of sporadic but intense demand, I'm sure you're mindful of
those entities. What we do in Phase 1 and what might be workable for them
in an ongoing manner would be great to be able to track. Signage. Thank
you for providing these examples. It really does help to be able to visualize
these. From the graphics world, black type on a lighter background is much
easier to read. There's a lot of copy on some of this signage, a lot of copy.
My suggestion would be to go with a brighter yellow that's on the green side,
and then have black graphics on that. You could even divide it so there's a
top half and a bottom half. I don't want to design it here. There's a fair
amount of copy on some of this, and you're going to get comments—I just
can't imagine you won't—about how the white copy reversed out is just
really difficult to read. The blue I couldn't support, because it doesn't relate
to anything really that we've done that I can think of. I agree with
comments about the green against the trees. That's why I'm suggesting
that we look at something else. Anyway, we can talk about that more if you
want, but that's the designer coming out. Does Staff feel like you're pretty

                                                                         Page 23 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
