                         TRANSCRIPT
cathedral ceiling. It all comes down to good design can solve just about any
kind of a problem. Lastly, please restore our full SSO as recommended by
the Planning. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. You'll have three minutes, should you want it,
after the other speakers speak. We have 17 speakers. If I can suggest that
each of you have two minutes. If it helps any of you, because it is late and
we appreciate your staying. If it helps anyone whether you are pro or con,
you can always ask people who are supporting your position to stand, if that
helps.

David Hanzel: I'm David Hanzel. I'm not in Greer Park North, but I live on
Loma Verde and was supporting the SSO there, which you'll get later. While
collecting signatures for our SSO, I kept getting the question what happens
to property values with SSOs. This being a data-driven policy group, we
heard this earlier tonight. I thought that ought to be a really simple
question to ask. Fortunately, Zillow has that information. There's links
here. You can go to Zillow's website and download or use the API to collect
information. What I have here is median home values starting from 1996.
They have 18 defined neighborhoods in Palo Alto, California. Some of them
don't start until '97, so I'll use that as a time-zero date. As you can see,
they all follow the same general trend. Obviously some neighborhoods are
more expensive than others. If we normalize them to January 1st, 1997,
seven years after I got here, you can see a very common shape. Pretty
much all of the neighborhoods are appreciating just about the same. Quite
to our surprise, most of the appreciation was in the last five years. This
doesn't address the question at all about single-story overlays. Another
feature that Zillow provides is you can actually get a map—that's on the left
on this slide—of the outlines of how they defined neighborhoods. On the
right is the City of Palo Alto map which shows the area covered by single-
story overlays. This part I did not do quantitatively. I looked at it, and this
is Green Meadow. I looked in the area bounded by the definition in Zillow
and said that looks like about 60 percent. It's actually significantly higher,
but that will do because I'm going to divide all 18 neighborhoods into three
groups. Twelve of the neighborhoods have no single-story overlays. Great
control. Three have between—sorry, I didn't start.

Mayor Holman: We didn't start the clock until you started. If you want to
just wrap up.

Mr. Hanzel: Yes, I can wrap up in 30 seconds. As you can see here, the red
ones are those that have 30 to 60 percent single-story overlays. The greens
are 5 to 10 percent overlays. The red and greens are near the top. For a
quantitative metric, it's here. I don't believe you can say that having a

                                                                          Page 111 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
