                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Yeah. Let's go ahead and say "direct Staff to review
the sight line exiting Grant with left turns onto Park to assure adequate bike
and vehicular safety."

Council Member Scharff: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to add a condition of approval: Direct Staff to review the site line
exiting Grant Avenue onto Park Boulevard to ensure adequate bicycle and
vehicular safety.

Mayor Holman: This is Number 2. When it gets approved, this is another
condition of approval. The motion before us to vote on is direct Staff to
review the sight line exiting Grant Avenue onto Park Boulevard to ensure
adequate bicycle and vehicular safety. Vote on the board please.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry, I don't want to extend this more than we need to. I was
wondering if, as part of that motion, removing on-street parking spaces on
Park ought to be part of that consideration.

Council Member Burt: This is open enough that we're asking Staff to take
another look at it and come back with ...

Mr. Lait: If parking spaces were removed, that would not cause ...

Council Member Burt: I'm not saying that's adequate. I don't think any of
us can determine that tonight. This motion doesn't rule that out.

Mr. Lait: Thank you. That's what I need to know.

Council Member Burt: It is to address the sight line period.

Mayor Holman: I would hope that would be a last alternative, because it's
eliminating parking spaces in an under-parked area.

Council Member Burt: I'm not sure whether you're talking spaces plural if
you're talking a sight line. It's at most a full space.

Mayor Holman: That motion passed on a 8-0-1 vote, Council Member
DuBois abstaining.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois abstaining

Mayor Holman: That's the second condition.



                                                                       Page 99 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
