                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you, Jim. It seemed appropriate to read a little bit of
excerpt from the Proclamation that we bestowed on Mr. Bacchetti on
March 16th of this year. Mr. Bacchetti has volunteered for the Palo Alto
Police Department for nine years, supporting the department's efforts to
maintain a safe and welcoming community. Ray served on the leadership
team for Project Safety Net and contributed his time as a TrackWatch
volunteer as well as serving six years on the Human Relations Commission.
Ray also served on the Palo Alto School Board and as a trustee of the
Foothill Community College.         He received the Avenidas Lifetime of
Achievements Award in 2009 and the Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce Tall
Tree Award for outstanding citizen volunteer in 2013.          Presenting the
Stanford Cuthbertson Award in 1982, President Donald Kennedy of Stanford
recognized Ray for "his relentless energy and unstinting integrity for a role in
which he has created a legion of secret beneficiaries." Quite an honor for
Ray. He will be missed in this community by many as the Proclamation
indicates. One other comment about someone else that we've lost recently
is Franklin Olmstead who, as many of you know, has donated hundreds if
not thousands of hours in our parks, especially Foothill Park. He passed
away very recently. There is a service for him this coming week. Turning to
a slightly different note. I didn't want to let the Chief get away without, in
his modesty he would not bring this up. The PTA Youth Council did give the
Palo Alto Police Department a Continuing Service Award this past Friday
morning at a breakfast that was held. Just one phrase from the Award was
that led by Chief Dennis Burns, the Palo Alto Police Department is an active
and caring partner in our community and a critical partner working alongside
schools and nonprofits. They are a reassuring presence in our community
whether at civic events or just in the regular pulse of their workday. I
thought I'd ask Chief Burns if he would like to say anything about the receipt
of that Award for his team.

Dennis Burns, Police Chief: Thanks Mayor, Members of the Council. It was
an honor and a great surprise. It's a tribute to the caliber of the people that
I work with on a regular basis. I can assure that probably our most
important job is to hire people of great character and for us to understand
the needs of our community. The Council of PTAs pointed that out. They
were particularly interested in recognizing our work on mental health as well
as our work in a class we teach. It's a 12-week class called the Parent
Project, which is designed to give parents of children who might be a little
troublesome the skills to be stronger and some ideas about how to be a
better parent. It was a pleasure to be there. One part of the presentation,
at the end, really caught me off guard. Pat Markevitch came up and she
said, "This award is really for the entire Police Department. We want you to
make sure that that is shared with them." She brought up a pink box of
doughnuts, which was literally the size of this podium, and we brought that
                                                                          Page 12 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
