                            MINUTES
Council Member Burt explained that a Committee of the Whole would allow
communications among Council Members and a dialog with the community.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Kniss no

Council Member Kniss believed that without greater structure the discussion
of Core Values would not be productive.

Council Member Burt suggested adding the State Housing Density Bonus
Law to the Council's legislative agenda. The fuel switching component of the
Climate Action Plan could require legislative action. He requested comments
on whether to add those topics to the legislative agenda and a process for
the Council to proceed.

Vice Mayor Schmid indicated the legislative agenda was scheduled to return
to the Council soon.

James Keene, City Manager, believed the legislative program was continued
to February 2015. He could include the two topics mentioned by Council
Member Burt in the item scheduled in February.

Council Member Kniss requested Staff schedule a time for the legislative
consultant to meet with the Council.

Council Member Burt wanted to request senior Staff identify certain trends
that might be apparent to them before the trends were apparent to the
Council or the community. Staff could identify trends as a potential policy
discussion for the Council. The Council could make a general direction and
request to Staff.     Staff's role would supplement the Council's and
community's role of identifying trends.

Mr. Keene reported that Staff did identify trends. He wondered if there was
some way to focus the direction into particular areas to which Staff would
pay close attention.

Council Member Burt was not sure he could or would want to focus direction
to particular areas. The Living in Vehicles Ordinance was a good example of
the Council needing to identify trends better.

Mayor Holman concurred with Council Member Burt's comments. Staff was
in a better position to see trends than Council Members. However, she did
not want Staff to be criticized for something that required a policy
discussion. She inquired about a method to address the issue.

Council Member Burt suggested the Council refer it to the Policy and
Services Committee.
                                                                      Page 20 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/31/2015
