                          TRANSCRIPT
and 9- Approval of the Preferred Concept Plan Line… before Agenda Item
Number 7- Utilities Advisory Commission Recommendation That Council
Adopt… which is now Agenda Item Number 9a.

Mayor Holman: Any questions or comments?

Council Member Scharff: I do. I'm a little concerned about the public as
usual. I just want to know why we're doing it.

Mayor Holman: For the public.

Council Member Scharff: Won't people miss the beginning of the Fiber stuff?
We'd be coming in an hour for it?

Mayor Holman: The presentation from Staff is about 30 or more minutes
long. It's done for the public also because of Item 9. We're expecting
several members of the public for that item. It's always a balancing act, as
you know. With that, vote on the board please.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

City Manager Comments

Suzanne Mason, Assistant City Manager: Suzanne Mason, Assistant City
Manager, sitting in for the City Manager, Jim Keene. Mayor Holman, Council
Members, tonight we want to update you first on our situation in the
libraries. As you have probably heard, last Thursday afternoon some bugs
were found on two chairs in the media area of Mitchell Park Library. They
were identified by a pest control company as bed bugs. As a precaution, the
library was closed at approximately 6:00 p.m. on Thursday, and we had the
pest control company treat the area. As of 2:00 p.m. yesterday, Mitchell
Park Library was reopened. Out of an abundance of caution, we are sending
bug sniffing dogs to all libraries this week to check further for bugs. This is
a common protocol. We have also asked the pest contractor to have dogs
inspect recent book returns as well. While we have not had this problem at
our libraries before, it has become more common in the past five years in
libraries around the country. Our Staff has continued to be flexible and keep
library patrons and others informed and even put together a pop-up library
at the Community Center to provide some level of services to the
community. Thanks to everyone in the community for their patience. You
can find more information on specific library schedules on the library's home
page on our website. We also wanted to update you that the City has sent
                                                                         Page 5 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
