                          TRANSCRIPT
of my questions for the applicant is would you consider extended stay
rooms. Is that something that you would consider? Traffic, you've heard
colleagues ask the same questions. I have the same questions. Context, I
definitely have concerns there, and apparently the ARB had comments and
concerns too. Four and five stories right at the street, straight up, just does
not respect the context whatsoever. It really creates what we've talked
about before at this Council and in the public about creating canyons and
creating literally walls of buildings. That's really not what we want to have
in this community and not on San Antonio, not on El Camino, not anywhere
else. It just really is not what we want to see here. It's not an attractive
addition. The context and the transition, I think, are really important at this
site and all sites. We recently looked at a project where we used the
Context Based Criteria. I would suggest that the applicant in this take a
strong look at those criteria and apply them. Mr. Popp will know what I'm
referring to. We don't have the benefit of having ARB comments nor are we
at the point of reviewing a project per se. We're talking about land use and
basic considerations. That's what the preliminary review is for. Those would
be my comments. Mr. Williamson, you had a few comments or questions to
be addressed.

Mr. Williamson: Honorable Mayor and Council, I think I have them all. Let
me just run through them. First on the traffic management program. We
have not formalized or submitted as part of an application yet the TDM
program. We have said we want to do one. We are willing to do one even
though we don't think that the TIA study will show that we need to do one.
We want to offer more. We would like to customize that program with the
City. We want to offer shuttles. We want to offer a bike program. We want
to offer ZIP cars. We want to offer whatever the group wants to do. We
want to do it together, in concert with the City. Where do these shuttles
run? How are they most effective? We will do it. The issues are on the
table. It's just how do we work together to get the most effective program.
I hope that answers the TDM portion. Development impact. There's a
couple parts to that. You’ve got to get materials and men to the site to build
the building. It's going to take about a year and a half to build it. I
understand that's never pleasant for anybody. However, we will comply with
all rules. We're also negotiating with property owners on the back side of
our property in Mountain View to provide access to the back. What we can
commit is we won't have workers parking in the neighborhood or on the City
streets. We will have a shuttle program. We'll make sure we're working
with people to stay within all the rules and regulations that the City would
like it to comply with. I hope that answers that question. Have we talked to
the tenants, I think, came up as a question. We have not given formal
notice to the tenants, because we have no visibility to approval or vacating
the site date yet. I believe all of our tenants understand what we want to
                                                                        Page 16 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
