                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: However it gets worded, we know that we're looking
at 5,000 square feet or under.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Medical Office over 5,000
square feet” after “General Business Office.”

Council Member Kniss: I'm fine with however we word it, as long as we
know that 5,000 is the limit to size of the medical office.

Council Member Burt:         I will support this.       Medical offices have
characteristics in the community akin to retail. They're a local service that is
valued by the community and in jeopardy. I am fine with including it with
the proviso that we're going to be monitoring this over the next two years.
This doesn't predetermine what we'll do at that time. I had a question in my
own mind about how we would go about assuring that we don't have
conversions of medical office to other office. I saw The Post had an editorial
today that, for whatever reason, misconstrued the intent of the Business
Registry to define it around one of its purposes, parking data. The Registry,
if you have to register to be here, this future direction of we need tools to
assure that in order to operate in our City, you have to comply with the use
that you're permitted. That's going to be something that'll be important for
us going forward. I don't think we have to have a full resolution to that
tonight. It's something to bear in mind going forward.

Council Member Filseth: I'm much more comfortable with the medical
exemption if there's a small limit on it like this. You brought it up. What's
the compliance and enforcement mechanism? I like a local dentist too, but
most local dentists don't build a 5,000 square foot building. They move into
some place that exists already. You don't want big medical here. If there is
a case where somebody builds a 5,000 square foot dental office, how do we
make sure it's still a dental office next year, instead of something else?

Council Member Wolbach:        The question about defining medical offices.
Would this include ...

Mayor Holman: It's defined in the Code.

Council Member Wolbach: One thing that I would like clarity about, either
from colleagues or from Staff, is would this include—I'm pretty sure it does,
but I want to be very clear—mental and emotional well-being services. It
says therapeutic, but I want to make sure that that applies also to mental
and emotional well-being. A therapist, psychologist, etc. would be included
even though those professionals do not have any sort of medical degree.

                                                                         Page 64 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
