                         TRANSCRIPT
that would be an appropriate next step, we would do an RFP, come back
with a recommendation to engage a consultant team for the purpose of
evaluating options, whether it be the 2 percent specifically, other
alternatives analysis, in order to advance the grade separation options.

Council Member Wolbach: On page 14 of the Staff Report, it looks like
you're kind of similarly—if we are interested in going down this line, no pun
intended, you're looking for authorization for additional circulation analysis
and design studies. Is that correct?

Mr. Shikada: Part and parcel again of looking at alternatives, where is the
most cost-effective options to proceed with more detailed design.

Council Member Wolbach: Part of that is the possibility of perhaps not doing
grade separation at Churchill and refocusing on maybe combining that
crossing with Embarcadero through redesign of Embarcadero. Obviously
you're not coming to us with a plan to do that at this point, so I don't want
to suggest that you were. That's an interesting concept. I've heard people
in the past discuss the question around whether we want to fully grade
separate Churchill or not, whether we close it, make it bike only. There are
a lot of options there. Given that it's not too far from Embarcadero, if there
was a way to combine that would be effective for improving mobility, I guess
I'd be open to that. I want to make sure that I was clear that's kind of part
of the discussion or are you looking for really nuanced direction from us on
that item in the middle of page 14?

Mr. Shikada: Once again, I don't want to not answer the question, but
perhaps to just provide the broader context. It's my understanding that in
the prior work there was not a great deal of analysis of circulation
alternatives as in questioning how best to meet the City's local axis needs
overall, perhaps in the context more of a general plan-type analysis than
was done to be specifically looking at the grade separation options. If we
were to take a step back to look at how and what the City's axis priorities,
needs in getting around the City and not limit it to motor vehicles but also
for pedestrians, cyclists, other transportation options, that there could be a
broader evaluation of options that would be part of the scope.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess regarding 190, I understand that it's not
your recommendation as Staff that we pursue that aggressively right now,
because of the challenges that the City Manager identified earlier. I guess
actually I wasn't entirely clear about how much funding 190 could potentially
provide. At one point, it says 15 million and then it said up to 80 percent
could be provided. I'm sorry if I just missed the—were those two different
options within the 190 program?

                                                                         Page 16 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
