                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Let me say if we're going to have a Safety
Element, I think we probably don't need the part the City—Staff will correct
me. Wouldn't the City be well prepared for natural disasters? Shouldn't that
be taken out and go into the Safety Element part? (crosstalk)

Council Member Wolbach: Just one last sentence.

Council Member Scharff: Shouldn't "maintain sustainable water supply for
the future," is that a Natural Element or is that a Safety Element? I don't
really care where it goes. I'm just curious.

Mr. Dennis: We didn't have a specific recommendation, and I think we'd be
comfortable with either. Sitting here listening to the conversation, it'd
probably make some sense in Safety.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I thought.

Council Member Wolbach: I was actually going to make a recommendation
probably later about having sustainable, secure and safe access to adequate
water supply for the community. I am agnostic about whether that goes in
this element or in the Safety Element.

Council Member Scharff: I think it should go in Safety.

Council Member Wolbach: Since this element does deal with resources such
as air and water, it's a tough one. It can go in either place. We might want
to encourage—whichever one it goes into, we might want to have the other
one reference it. If somebody's reading one of the elements, they'd see that
it's still important to the other one. As Council Member Schmid pointed out
earlier, these do tend to overlap.

Council Member Scharff: In that case, I think ...

Council Member Wolbach: I guess ...

Council Member Scharff: ... we would be adding those into Safety, most of
those comments. I don't think there's any of those comments that we would
add into the existing Palo Alto one. All we'd do is move the last sentence to
the Safety. When we get to Safety—unless you want to add stuff to this
Motion to talk about Safety, but are we doing that separately?

Mayor Holman: Let me go back here. Make sure we're talking about the
five bullets. Wildlife is in the current Vision Statement. I'm not sure it's
exactly mentioned the way that we intended in these comments.
Conservation is still on the board. Your amendment, Council Member
Wolbach, is to add conservation into the Vision Statement.         Correct?
                                                                       Page 42 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
