                          TRANSCRIPT
Camino. Whatever insight you might be able to provide—I know you've
already said you don't believe that would be in the interest of those who
want to pass the measure to include that in there. I had thought that VTA
actually was considering money for BRT in the transportation measure.
Thank you.

Supervisor Simitian: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Next speaker is Omar Chatty, and to be followed by
Stephanie Munoz.

Omar Chatty: Hello. If you could give me, like, a one-minute signal in lieu
of the yellow, I'd appreciate it. Just so I don't run over.

Mayor Holman: I'm using this, so there won't be a yellow light.

Mr. Chatty: Okay, all right. Mr. Simitian, I'm very disappointed in your
attack on the so-called imbalance equity on the BART situation. In 2008,
Mountain View and Palo Alto folks in your district voted by two-thirds, as you
indicated, for BART, strictly for BART, despite the Council here being
deadlocked and despite Yoriko Kishimoto ...

Supervisor Simitian: Sir?

Mr. Chatty: Yes, sir.

Supervisor Simitian:    Let me just ask as a favor, please don't wag your
finger at me.

Mr. Chatty: Oh, I'm sorry. I apologize. (crosstalk).

Supervisor Simitian:   That's okay.        Trust me, we'll have a better
conversation. Thank you.

Mr. Chatty: Yeah, no, I apologize for that. I know ...

Supervisor Simitian: That's all right.

Mr. Chatty: ... that's a problem. Anyway. I would ask you to consider
BART around the Bay, please. We've got 30 miles to go. We've got 15
miles of it already grade separated and elevated. We've already made that
investment.     Thirty miles by every calculation I've done—I've been in
transportation advocacy for 35 years—is about the same cost, believe it or
not, when you take away the Dumbarton and everything which is another
killer train. This train here is out of date. You can't make it much longer. If
you look to the future, please, with BART you get dual direction capability
                                                                        Page 24 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
