                         TRANSCRIPT
our portfolio from war industries. That takes 60 percent of our budget, and
this money should be going to all of our needs and not to drones and
missiles and other terrible things.

Roberta Alquist: Greetings. I have four points and an announcement.
Those of us who are supporters of low-income housing hope that Palo Alto
will lead as a role model for other cities for addressing the low-income
housing crisis. The step forward on Buena Vista is a step in that direction.
Rents are skyrocketing. There is no recourse for people who are told their
rent is going to double or triple. They are pushed out of the City. East Palo
Alto has rent control, and there are problems there because there isn't
enough housing. People are working, and there are five and six people
living in garages. If you want more details, I have concrete, specific details
of that. The same thing is going to happen here. In fact, it's happening.
We also need housing for the workers who live here. Not only blue collar,
but white collar workers can't afford to live in Palo Alto. Those workers need
at least a minimum of $15 per hour. We also need to ask corporations who
have benefited from working in Palo Alto, from existing in Palo Alto, and in
turn get kudos and sometimes ways of getting around parking such that we
have a housing/parking crunch in the Downtown area. Google needs to step
up and help us build low-income housing and more parking spaces. Google
and other corporations who are benefiting from being part of Palo Alto. In
Great Falls, Montana, they have enacted a $25 fee for residents. Again this
is happening all around the country. Those residents get a sticker that lasts
for two or even three years. I heard somebody saying they were talking
about charging residents something like $200 for a yearly sticker when it's
not the residents' fault that there isn't any parking in the Downtown area.
The final point is July 6th the AME Church in the 3400 block of Middlefield is
having a workshop addressing how can we unlearn our racism in relation to
what happened in Charleston, South Carolina. I would urge everyone who
has the time that evening to come and to address these concerns in that
racism isn't going away. It's just getting more subtle and insidious. Thank
you.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: Staff has recommended that Item Number 10 be pulled.

Zachary Rubin regarding Agenda Item Number 10: Thanks for having me. I
sent an email this morning. I'm not sure if any of you guys had a chance to
read that. Assuming you may have not read it, this is in regards to the Palo
Alto solar project for the carport canopies. It's come to my attention that
Pristine Solar has been removed from that deal. We have been patiently
waiting for an opportunity to make the case that we would be the right

                                                                          Page 8 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
