                         TRANSCRIPT
perspective to the conversation that doesn't exist if it's only residents. I
would change this to—yeah, Jim, sorry. Just for a second. I was having
trouble thinking.

Council Member Wolbach: Can I offer a suggestion?

Council Member Berman: Sure.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure I'd support it, but it seems like
you're struggling. All but two voting members must be Palo Alto residents.

Council Member Berman: Sure.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, I don't know if I'll support it, but it seems
like what you were getting at and just for clarity's sake.

Council Member Berman: I don't want this to be drawn out. If it doesn't
pass, it doesn't pass. The CAC doesn't have all the viewpoints it should, but
I have a feeling it's going to be an unfriendly Amendment. I won't even
bother going through the Motions of it having to be friendly. I'll offer an
Amendment that all but two voting members be Palo Alto residents.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff?           Excuse me.   Council Member
DuBois. I apologize.

Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure why we're focusing on this so
intensively. If we ran into a situation where we didn't find people, we
could...

Council Member Berman: That's not my argument. I've no doubt we're
going to find people. My argument is that we're missing an important
perspective in the conversation. It's a very different issue.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like us to vote on it separately. I won't accept
it.

Council Member Berman: Totally understand.

Mayor Holman: Is there a second to the Amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, I'll second it.

AMENDMENT:     Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to add to the Motion at the beginning of Part A, “all but
two.”


                                                                      Page 119 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
