                          TRANSCRIPT
Member DuBois that those can be achieved through the concessions. In
fact, I remember asking Staff about 801 Alma. 801 Alma is an affordable
housing project. It was not a PC project. I think this is not true when we
talk about how we need PC projects for affordable housing. It seems we can
clearly do them without that. I think there's more community buy-in then.
I mean I think Maybell is the clear poster child for using affordable housing
project in a PC process that goes really awry in the community. I don't think
there's any trust in the PC process. I don't think there ever will be any trust
in the PC process. I look at the Ordinance that Staff brought us, and I think
Staff did a fine job with what they were thinking about. I just don't think it's
possible to reform the PC process. I think any Ordinance they bring us,
people will send us 100 emails on why that's bad. I think part of the
problem with this is that there's no trust in violating the zoning, there's no
trust in selling the zoning even if it's for money or should we say we can do
it here or it's for a particular project, that all PC zoning projects will either
have trivial benefits which are meaningless or the project will be so big that
people will hate the project. There was nothing trivial about J. Paul's
offering to give a Public Safety Building. That was a clearly non-trivial,
huge, $50 million benefit to the City. I don't see our community going with
large projects like that. I can't think of any that have ever been approved
every time people have suggested something on a scale like that. There's
the Arrillaga project with the theater; obviously we all know where that
went. The only project I can think of that had PC benefits that was in that
moderate range was frankly the SurveyMonkey building. It was like $6.5
million. I think $2 million went to new parking, $2 million went to affordable
housing. Yet I don't see anyone in the community coming up and saying,
"We need PCs so we can have more SurveyMonkey building projects in Palo
Alto." Given that, I don't see how we reform this in a way that people have
faith in the process and say to themselves, "This is something that we
want." Theoretically, people like it, but in the details people at least want to
keep it open sometimes. I don't see how we get there in any sort of way to
reform this. I think we'll spend huge amounts of Staff time on it. We'll
come back over and over again, and we really will just be spinning our
wheels. I think it's time to close the book on a PC process and see how it
goes. As Council Member DuBois said, if we really find, we can always bring
it back. I bet after five years of not having it, we'll never miss it. I'm going
to support completely eliminating the PC process.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm not in favor of moving ahead with the PCs. Just a
couple of notes others have mentioned. I think the late Ordinance is
important. There were 14 people who stayed 'til 11:00 to speak. We
probably got 30, 40 serious notes about it. It's hard to really deal with it
without the Ordinance in front of you, so I think that is an issue. Affordable
housing comes up as one of the benefits. I noted in the PTC discussions
                                                                           Page 64 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/24/15
