                         TRANSCRIPT
able to get a fourth, but we don't have all the facts. We're not able to give
you detailed advice on that today.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.     Council Member Wolbach.        Liz, were you
through?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to be clear about—this is maybe a
question for Staff but also for the maker of the motion and the seconder.
What's the process after this, when this comes back to us after it's been to
ARB? Give me a couple of like if they say "A," here's what we do; if it's "B,"
here's what we do. Are we going to be at a final point of making a decision
when it comes back to us?         For our sake, for the applicant, for the
appellants, for everybody, I'd like to have a clear sense of what the path
forward is post-this. If either Staff or the maker of the motion could really
articulate does this help us establish a light at the end of the tunnel for
resolution of this project, again for us, for the applicant and for the
appellants.

Council Member Scharff: Are you asking (inaudible)?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: I absolutely believe so. I absolutely believe the
process will hopefully create a project that Council can support.

Mayor Holman: Can I ask a clarifying question, though, of Staff? Pardon me
for interjecting here. When this project went back to the ARB this time, it
came back to the Council on a continued appeal. A clarification please. This
goes back to the ARB for whatever, one, two, whatever hearings. Is the
appeal considered to be continuing or would there have to be a new appeal
filed or would the appellant have to comment? What is that piece? Could
that piece be clarified please?

Ms. Silver: My understanding of the motion is that the appeal would still be
pending, and that the direction of the Council is to go back to the ARB and
have a real give-and-take. Then the ARB will make a recommendation and
the item will come back to the Council, and you will have the same three
options that you had in the original appeal. Mr. Lait just mentioned that he
thinks it might be helpful for the Council to perhaps ask the applicant
whether they are willing to engage in this process, so that you can assess
whether this process would be productive. Of course, it's up to the Council.
                                                                          Page 41 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
