                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Right. MTC is very top down, run by their
executive director with a fairly heavy hand and cities have very little input
into that. They have huge amounts of money. Where I would come out on
that is I would support ABAG if it was really my decision, if I could call it. I
think maybe we might want—I think our Staff may want to think a little bit
about that and maybe send a letter and that kind of stuff. If anyone
strongly disagrees with that, I think you should speak up because time is of
the essence. I just wanted to throw that out. The second thing is it's
been—I guess in 30 days it'll have been a year since our last election, when
we had the TOT on the ballot and the infrastructure. We made a number of
promises to the citizens about what we would do and where we would go
with infrastructure. I as a Council Member do not have it in my head where
we are on that. I really think it's time for an update and time for a sense, so
that when people ask me where we are on that, I can tell them that we're
working on it, what we're doing and what the timeline is. I'd like to get that
at some point fairly soon.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I agree with comments that Council
Member Scharff made about the MTC/ABAG kerfuffle at least in terms of
Staff spending some more time digging into it. If we as a Council need a
way in, then let's have that conversation.        I obviously second the
infrastructure remarks. I think it's coming back to us at some point soon.
Maybe you want to give us a quick update.

Mr. Keene: I actually talked to the Staff today even about that and a
number of issues as far a Study Session at a minimum with the Council. It's
very timely. We'll get it on your agenda.

Council Member Berman: I've got more comments for it once we have that
Study Session. I wanted to give a huge thank you to two members of the
Human Relations Commission, Mehdi Alhassani and Greer Stone. This event
came up and was alluded to earlier today.           They put on a Veterans
Homelessness Summit on Friday afternoon at the Mitchell Park Library. I
just want to single them out because they were the ones on the Human
Relations Commission that led the effort. I also want to thank Staff that
supported them and probably frankly did 80 percent of the work to organize
the event. Although, I know Mehdi and Greer were working really hard on it
and they had a great turnout. Got this Colonel Malachowski from the First
Lady's initiative out here which was awesome. Got the head of, like, Social
Innovation at the White House, something to that effect, who had a lot of
energy and a lot of good ideas. There were a lot of nonprofits there that had
great discussions that unfortunately I couldn't stick around for. Hopefully it

                                                                        Page 106 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
