                          TRANSCRIPT
question has been asked of me from where does this water come. There's
an assertion in the EIP report that the cone of depression or zone of
depression is a few feet or a few tens of feet. I took numbers for soil
conditions and estimates from the City on the amount of water that's
pumped and the length of the pumping or duration. What you'll see here is
using an equation that describes an unconfined aquifer that's homogeneous,
that 250 feet away the water is pulled down by 3.3 feet, and for a scenario
for 30 feet away the water is pumped down by 6.7 feet which would be
typical of a project. This total pumping is about 10 million gallons. These
numbers are consistent with the actual experience. In fact, 1,000 feet away
from the pumping site, the groundwater table is pulled down by a foot. The
other point is at the Policy and Services Committee meeting there was some
discussion as to where the high recharge area is, where the shallow aquifer
and the deep aquifer connected. This is a graph from the East Palo Alto
groundwater management study. It is Figure 13. It shows that around
Stanford Shopping Center, it is at Nordstrom. However, the high recharge
area dips down toward Castilleja School and then roughly goes along El
Camino. The other point I want to make is that water can flow from the
shallow aquifer, and it can flow east as well as west if there is a pressure
gradient. Water in the shallow aquifer can recharge the deep aquifer at
areas that are not directly below. Water does not have to flow straight
down. It can flow laterally, and it does flow laterally. Finally, I will end and
actually let the next speaker follow through with some conclusions and
implications.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Esther Nigenda to be followed by Rita Vrhel,
who is our last speaker on Oral Communications.

Esther Nigenda: From the slides that Keith showed, it looks like the
previous assumptions that were in the EIP, they appear to be incorrect. The
first point is this amount of water must mostly come from beneath other
properties.     The amount of water removed is hundreds of years of
groundwater accumulation from that property. Second point is with current
practices the zone of depression likely extends over 1,000 feet, not tens of
feet as estimated in the IEP report. The actual water table drawdown will
not be readily symmetric. If we modify construction practices with shorter
dewatering periods, we should be able to reduce the water pumped by more
than 85 percent. As Keith showed, high deep aquifer recharge zones
extends to about Emerson and Embarcadero. The dewatering likely affects
the deep aquifer recharge rates. The shallow aquifer groundwater can flow
above the impervious clay layers to recharge the deeper aquifer. For 400
acre feet which is the amount of water that was removed this past year for
the 14 residential basements, enough water is removed to lower the shallow
water table by 2 feet over an area of 4 square miles. Summarizing the new
                                                                         Page 23 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
