                         TRANSCRIPT
Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. First, I'd
like to point out that over the years CPI has done an absolutely awful job of
working with the neighborhood and the community. They haven't notified
when there have been toxic spills. They haven't talked about changes in the
facility. They haven't made any real effort to communicate with the public.
If there are a lot of people who are really mad at CPI, it's primarily CPI's
fault because they goofed. I thought the Staff ordinance was an excellent
start, but I think it needs some tweaking. I'm sure the people who will
speak will give you some suggestions about details. Let me give you just a
couple. Right now the Fire Department does unannounced inspections at
least annually. I think that after the Fire Department has done their
inspection, they should have a community meeting and report to the
neighborhood what they found, if there were any issues or any problems
that they identified, what those problems were, what the timeline for
correcting the problems was, and then make a commitment to get back to
the community when the time has expired and say, "CPI has fixed it. We've
looked at it, and everything's okay," or "They goofed. We have some
problems." We have to keep the community involved and informed about
what's happening. We can't depend on CPI to do that. I would like to see
the Fire Department actively involved. I think that the Planning Department
also should be involved, because it's a planning issue, what goes on that site
and how is it being maintained and operated. Second, if CPI brings a new
material that is not on the site now onto the site, there's no requirement in
the ordinance that anybody be notified. The Fire Department would find out
when they happen to make their annual inspection. If that new material was
mixed with an existing material and created a really serious toxic hazard,
nobody would know. I think there should be an ordinance provision that
says if anything other than what is in the site as of a date certain, a new
material is moved in, the Fire Department has to be notified, the community
has to be notified. If it's a potential for mixing that new material with
another existing material would cause a material, that has to be identified.
Any resolution has to be clearly spelled out, so that everybody understands
what's going on there, what might happen, what the consequences could be,
and how the community will be protected.             We need to do some
modifications to the ordinance.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Bob Fickett to be followed by Marina Remmel.

Bob Fickett, CPI President: Hi, I'm Bob Fickett. I'm the President of CPI.
I've worked for CPI and the predecessor, Varian, since 1982, all in the Palo
Alto location. As stated in my letter to you, CPI which was the original
business of Varian and Associates was the first tenant of Stanford Research
Park. We've operated in Palo Alto since 1953, and our plate shop has been
in its current location for almost 60 years. Due to the nature of the products
                                                                           Page 49 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
