                              MINUTES
other public submission with the caveat that those items which were
determinant would be handled by the Policy and Services Committee, those
that would generate full Council consideration would go to the Committee of
the Whole or Council for deliberation and determination.

Council Member Burt had proposed completion of Core Values adoption at
the Retreat under Staff Relations, but it was a standalone item.

Mayor Holman advised that that was referred to the Policy and Services
Committee at the Retreat.

Council Member Berman reiterated that the Council was sending everything
to the Policy and Services Committee with direction for Policy and Services
Committee actions. He had not reviewed the at-places information. Page 2
of one of the Number B documents, possibly the one provided that day,
stated "increased office occupancy density beyond what is considered in the
Municipal Code of 4 per 1,000." There was nothing in the Code about office
density. The Code stated that there should be 4 parking spots per 1,000
square feet of office space. Members of the public often misrepresented
that. Council Members should be clear about requirements contained in the
Code.

Mayor Holman understood that 4 parking spaces per 1,000 square feet was
based on the presumed office occupancy density. That Number B document
was a list of examples of things that Staff would bring to the Council as they
saw emerging issues.

Council Member Berman did not see the language about the list being
examples. That statement assumed every employee drove their own single-
occupant vehicle, which they did not.

Mayor Holman stated the Policy and Services Committee could not change
the Code.

Council Member Wolbach asked if the Policy and Services Committee would
recommend policy changes to request Staff watch for issues that could
become problems and alert the Council of those issues before they became
problems.

Mayor Holman responded yes.

Council Member Burt did not believe the Council took action on his
suggestion for the Policy and Services Committee to consider having greater
clarity with respect to the meanings of policy and protocol.




02/17/2015                                                            116- 496
