                         TRANSCRIPT
penalty of only $500 a day, saving the developer $1.6 million each and
every year it doesn't provide a grocery. In short, Staff is only using College
Terrace Center as a precedent when it would help the developer, but not
when it would harm the developer. The developer wins potentially millions
of dollars while we the public lose. We therefore ask you the Council to
establish the appropriate penalty to motivate the developer to bring back a
grocery store so we can finally enjoy and use Edgewood Plaza as promised.
Thank you.

Lenore Cymes: Before you turn the timer on, can I ask everybody who's
here for Edgewood Plaza to please just stand up? Thank you. I moved to
Palo Alto; I moved to 714 Wildwood Lane 30 years ago. I am not a CC&R
holder. At that time, there was a daytime Lucky's and a nighttime drug
trade. Lucky's closed and Albertson's moved in. Drug dealing went down.
Not one of the owners—there were about three of them I think—did anything
to maintain the combined properties. Albertson's closed. Formico's, the
best pizza in the City at that time, closed and the Center continued downhill.
Also, grocery stores at that time were being changed to megastores. I mean
they were just getting huge. The previous City Manager wanted to declare
the shopping center a blighted area. Immediately neighbors joined forces
against that idea. Sand Hill bought one of the parcels. The main community
division was between those who didn't care about the shopping center—it
was run down; take it all the way down—and the Eichler mid-century
modern aficionados. I was one of those. Sand Hill bought all the other
parcels but the Glass Station and the original Office. The purists wanted the
original architecture designed by A. Quincy Jones, because that is what
made the shopping center unique. We lost on that, but that's okay. We've
got a good shopping center. The CC&R owners brought a lawsuit, one, and
gave Sand Hill the property to build ten homes and a grocery store for the
life of the project. That was the PC. A fully functioning grocery store is not
a store with some groceries or anything that resembles a grocery store.
One can play with all the legalities and the minutiae of words, but a grocery
store is a grocery store. Sand Hill got slapped on the hand for $94,000,
because they violated the permit and did not move one of the buildings but
tore it down, and then had it rebuilt with new materials. Fresh Market
opened a supermarket. Why is there the conception that this market will not
be profitable? This is a new shopping center, a welcoming community, a
lunch time/dinner time crowd. What is to not make this building successful
and the shopping center successful? Thank you very much.

Lawrence Markosian:   Mayor Holman, Vice Mayor Schmid and Council
Members, thank you for the opportunity to address this meeting. I'm
Lawrence Markosian; my family has lived on Wildwood Lane for about 20
years. For over a quarter of that time, there was no grocery store at
                                                                          Page 8 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
