                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:      Prioritize "j."   Prioritize the requirement that any new
construction ...

Council Member Scharff: I'm fine with that as long as Staff, Director
Gitelman, understands what we're trying to achieve. If we blow that, I'm
going to be unhappy. I'm going to feel like I didn't give the direction that I
meant to give, and I was told that I am giving the direction.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach as seconder, are you okay with
accepting "j" as Amended?

Council Member Wolbach: I am.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part J, “requiring” with
“prioritize the requirement.”

Council Member Scharff: I have one other thing. Mayor Holman, you're not
going to necessarily like this. I am concerned about this, so I know this
won't be a friendly Amendment. I want to talk about it a little bit. Council
Member Burt started bringing it up.

Mayor Holman: Can we talk about it just a little bit, because it's 10:30?

Council Member Scharff: I already said you wouldn't like it, so I understand
why you don't want to talk about it for too long.

Mayor Holman: I've been watching the clock. I monitor it a lot.

Council Member Scharff: When we talk about, things have moved around
here a little bit. When we talk about "i," limiting new development and
rehabilitations off El Camino to respect the historical pattern where it exists
of narrow storefronts and square footages that tend to support smaller,
local, independent businesses. I like the idea behind it, which I gather is to
protect and encourage small independent businesses. What we're saying is
you can't have modern storefronts. I don't think any of us know enough
about how retail works to say that you have to have narrow storefronts. If
you look at new retail, it always has wide storefronts for whatever the
market is. We've already said we're going to limit formula retail. If we then
limit the way they design the storefronts there, we are possibly hurting our
retail establishments. That's a mistake. You already have what you want in
there by limiting formula retail. What you really want to do is you want to
have a vibrant and positive retail environment. The way the storefront is
designed is designed for the market at the time. To say how that is, I think,
could substantially damage the retail. I would move that we remove Item i.
                                                                         Page 95 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
