                          TRANSCRIPT
extensively yet. I think this is really important. This is a tough issue. One
of our speakers tonight talked about—I've forgotten what the name of the
book is. Adina, are you still here? What is the name of the book about free
parking?

Ms. Levin: The High Cost of Free Parking.

Council Member Kniss: The High Cost of Free Parking. I think we need to
validate that high cost of free parking. I would like to say to the Downtown
area thank you again, because they had years and year of this happening.
There is that high cost of free parking. They certainly took their share of it
for any number of years. That's where I would leave it. Maybe, Cory,
you've got ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Kniss, if you read the motion, "C" does
not have "b." Did you want to include it?

Council Member Kniss: What I said is leave out "a." That's "C." You should
also, as I said, under "b," I'm not quite sure what the word is we want to
use. I think something other than concentric ring zones. Maybe Staff can
suggest something that would fit in there better.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Wolbach, speak to your second.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I'd like to offer a friendly amendment, to
replace concentric ring zones with micro zones to be crafted by Staff,
reflecting demand. I'd be very open to whether other colleagues have
further amendments.

Council Member Kniss: It's fine with me, Cory. I simply don't know quite
how to indicate that in such a way that it leaves flexibility for Staff. If Staff
has any ideas of how you'd like it more flexible, let us know.

Mr. Mello: Based on what I heard from Council Member Wolbach, I think
you want us to look at the demand by block and then try to bring together
the blocks that have similar demand under one zone in order to manage the
demand by smaller zones.

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. You had proposed—was it Option 3 which
you said was conceptual but not the exact lines you end up using? I think
you've heard some good analysis and comments by Council Member Burt
about how the demand breaks down and that people are essentially telling
us where they want to park. That might help us and help you to consider
other ways to draw the zones. We'll leave it to you to play around with that.
That would be my proposal, if that's amenable to you.
                                                                         Page 60 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
