                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Syed: Thank you. On the flood control structures, I'm sure there's folks
here with more of a history than me. One of the things the Water District
shared was when they went through that process and looked at how to build
a flood wall, they said if there was any way we could have avoided putting in
those walls, they would have. It's a challenge; it's a design challenge
regarding how we can maintain flood protection and design around it. One
of the alternatives would be additional property acquisition. That has other
tradeoffs and impacts as well.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, questions and comments.

Council Member Wolbach: First, thanks for a really in-depth presentation
and answering a lot of tough questions. As has been said by a lot of my
colleagues, this is a really important part of our vision for the future of
biking in Palo Alto, whether it's for recreation or just transportation for
people who don't drive, especially for kids getting to school and for people
either wanting to go from south Palo Alto, where a few of us live, in trying to
get to the other side of town, or people trying to get to the Baylands and
connect with our future bike bridge to the Baylands. This is really important.
In also looking at this long-term, I think what we're going to be hopefully
looking at eventually is having really, really solid bike routes on maybe three
of these in the distance. I'd picture, for instance, Oregon Ave. at the north
end of this chunk of Palo Alto. Meadow particularly the potential for some
kind of bike facilities on the south edge of Meadow where you have fewer
homes, so fewer interruptions from driveways at least from home driveways,
because you have the schools and stuff like that. Then something in the
middle. Then the question is which of these middle routes do we pick. Also
the question of obviously between the challenges of funding and planning
and construction, where do we want to prioritize. Those are, I guess, the
questions that I'm thinking about. Eventually, we should absolutely have a
north-south and central route in the distance as our objective. We're not
ready for motions yet but, when we do get to motions, I think I'm going to
be leaning towards Option 3, saying it looks like doing one along the creek
creates a lot of problems. I'm concerned about some safety risks and other
issues. We did hear obviously a lot of concern from the community about
that. Because of all the challenges around the creek, I think that the creek's
not the ideal location especially one that goes for the entire length of the
creek. Then the question is what do we want to prioritize after that. As
Council Member Scharff pointed out, I don't think that we have enough
information tonight to really drill down and give precise direction to Staff
about which one of these we want you to focus on. I like the idea of moving
forward with Option 3 so we can figure out more of that, so that in the
future Staff, the community and Council can identify where we do want to
prioritize of these various options outside of the creek route.
                                                                            Page 38 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
