                          TRANSCRIPT
measures that are adequate to mitigate the adverse impact on any displaced
residents, provided that the package does not exceed the "reasonable costs
of relocation." Those stipulations are laid out in Ordinance for the Council to
follow. Once we have identified mitigations that meet this criteria, we are
obligated to approve the owner's application to close the park. While the
Council has a legal obligation to decide this matter, there's obviously a
humanistic dimension that is just as important. The members of the Buena
Vista Mobilehome Park are members of our community, and we know the
park closure will have a tremendous impact on many of their lives. We do
not take lightly any decision that we must make to uphold our legal
obligation as elected representatives of this City. Tonight we will begin with
comments from the public, and this includes residents of Buena Vista
Mobilehome Park as well as anyone else who would care to speak to this
item. After the public has completed their comments, then we'll invite
representatives of the Residents Association to speak for up to 10 minutes,
and then the park owner will have up to 10 minutes. If both the Residents
Association representation and the park owner's representation, if you could
indicate if you have other members who are going to be speaking or if you're
going to have one speaking representative, that would also be helpful to
know. If either of you have more than one speaker, could you identify that,
please?

James Zahradka, Law Foundation of Silicon Valley: Good evening, Madam
Mayor and Council. James Zahradka for the Residents Association. It's
possible that more than one member of our legal team will be speaking
tonight.

Mayor Holman:     You're counting on figuring that within your 10-minute
limit?

Mr. Zahradka: Correct.

Gail Osmer: Hi, my name is Gail Osmer. I came up here from San Jose. I
also live in a mobile home in San Jose. I came here because I've been an
activist for people's rights and people rights living in a mobile home for
many years. I came here to support all these wonderful people from Buena
Vista. When I read the article, I laughed to myself when I read about this
gentleman, David Beccaria. I don't know who he is, but he refused to
conduct the appraisal and he threatened, "I'm going to quit." To me that
would seem like an idle threat, so let him quit if he's not going to do what
the Council or the City asked him to do. If you do this tonight and approve
this, you will be setting a bad precedent for all the other mobile home parks.
Not just here in Palo Alto, but the 10,000 or more people that live in Santa
Clara Valley. It's time that somebody stand up and say no to these greedy

                                                                         Page 2 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/26/15
