                          TRANSCRIPT
the cost of the BMR units based on a rent differential approach, which I'll
explain shortly. Secondly, we analyzed the incremental value of the project
as compared to the CS zoning alternative based on a discounted cash flow
approach, which was also requested in January. Finally, we incorporated the
changes to the project as Russ described. We've covered this before. The
State density bonus provides for incentives or concessions, three specifically,
if a certain percentage of units are provided as low income. The basis for
denying those requested incentives or concessions is based on substantial
evidence that the concessions are not required to provide for the affordable
housing cost. That's language from the State Density Bonus Law. This slide
is a comparison of what's permitted under CS zoning as compared to the
proposed project. We pretty much covered what's being proposed as
compared to what's permitted. I'll move on from here. Then we compared
the proposed project with an alternative under CS zoning that we had, in our
estimation, determined to be the most economically beneficial under a CS
zoning alternative. That in summary is a project that's about a .78 FAR. It's
slightly less than what's permitted under CS zoning, the 1 FAR. That's,
again, due to the fact that the subterranean parking is so expensive. We
believe that this is the project that would be the most economically
beneficial to build. Quantifying the affordable housing costs or the BMR
costs. Again, two different approaches that were utilized. The first was
what we call the development cost approach. This was our initial approach
based on an allocation of costs of the project, including construction costs,
indirect costs and so forth of the project. On that basis we estimate a $2.16
million cost for those five BMR units. We take the income from those BMR
units, estimate the value of those and subtract that to come up with a net
cost of $1.51 million. The second approach that was requested by the
Council in January was the rent differential approach. We've compared a
theoretical all market rate project with the project with the five BMR units.
That rent differential is $0.15 million. Then we capitalize that to come up
with a net cost of the BMR units of $3.26 million. That second approach
pretty significantly increased the cost of the BMR units under that approach.
As I said, we compared the incremental value of the proposed project as
compared to the CS zoning alternative, again, under two different
approaches. The first is the original approach that we utilized, which utilized
market rate cap rates to estimate the value of each of the elements of the
project, the residential, the office, and the retail, separately to come up with
a gross value of $8.86 million, from which we deduct the incremental cost of
development in large part attributable to the underground parking to arrive
at a net value increment of about $560,000. The second approach that was
requested by Council was the discounted cash flow approach, which runs out
the operating income from the project for an extended period of time,
applies net present value discount rates to bring those values back to
present value. On that basis, the gross value increment is estimated at
                                                                        Page 110 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
