                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:    Hazardous waste would be Safety, but solid waste would
not be Safety.

Ms. Gitelman: It's up to you. I'm just reading the substance of the goal.
Goal N-7 on solid waste is about reducing the volume of solid waste and
disposing of solid waste in an environmentally safe, efficient manner.
Really, these could be in either element. If we're trying to ...

Council Member DuBois: I think it's good in the Safety.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, can you speak up a little bit pl?

Council Member DuBois: I think it's good in the Safety Element.

Mayor Holman: You're saying Goal N-7 should go to Safety?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can interject one more thought. At the
climate change and adaptation goal, I like that we've added it to Natural
Resources. I think we'll need a similar goal in the Safety Element, because
those are so intertwined.

Council Member DuBois: I don't think I need to speak to it any further.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, care to speak to your second?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I just want to check. Do we need to
identify specifically which goals those were in the Motion or is the language
there adequate? It looks like there are a couple of—N-4, possibly N-6, N-10
might each be pulled out. If you're fine with the language there and that's
clear enough direction to Staff, I won't make any more tweaks. I think that
is fine.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd like to go back to Goal N-4. On the front of the first
page of the Staff Report, it says you're asking Council to look at the Vision
Statement and goals of each element as well as selected policies and
programs the City Council would like to take the lead on. I guess on Goal N-
4, it seems to me the Urban Water Management Plan is critical to having
long-term forecast both of water supply availability under drought conditions
and the demographic forecast. I note on the calendar that the CAC does not
talk about this until July, which is well after when the Council would be
dealing with the Urban Water Management Plan. Let me just offer an

                                                                         Page 51 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
