                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr.   Grover: It included 8 for the bridge. It estimated 1.5 here, and it did
not   talk about the contingency, and it did not talk about soft costs, and it did
not   talk about construction management. We were only asked to talk about
our   bridge estimate, and that's what we provided.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I'll let other folks follow up, because
my time's up.

Mayor Holman: I think you may have another question coming up to you in
a bit. Council Member Berman. I'm sorry, Council Member Burt. Misspoke,
sorry.

Council Member Burt: First, I'd like to wade into the Google offer. I share
some concerns about this. I view that this bridge will be a great benefit to
Google as an enormous employer just south of San Antonio with many
employees who live in Palo Alto, in particular south Palo Alto, who would be
big users of this. Their whole model for growth is dependent on a significant
mode share especially toward biking. This is going to be a huge benefit to
them. What we got was a contribution that is basically a credit that they're
asking for against some future development impacts presumably in the East
Meadow Circle properties that they own, which would provide them with
additional benefit from this bridge between their two developments. On top
of that, a stipulation that we select a certain profile of the bridge. Whether
we select that or not, it wouldn't raise their contribution. It would raise our
expenditure. I think it would be really appropriate for them to make a
contribution to this as real beneficiaries. I would not support accepting this
proposal as its written. I would be moving, when we come to it, that Staff
return for additional discussions with Google without these contingencies.

James Keene, City Manager: I think that's appropriate. I think that's really
in keeping with what our recommendation was.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Perhaps just to lend the context of the
conversations we've had. I think it'd be fair to say that Google wanted their
letter to simply be an expression of interest in participating in the project.

Council Member Burt: They should have written a different letter then.

Mr. Shikada: Appreciate that. That said, it was an attempt to open the door
to that next phase, rather than necessarily close a door. I don't think we
recognize the limitations.

Council Member Burt: Just trying to move quickly through this. I want to
understand in value engineering what sorts of different—real quickly—kinds
of changes to the design would knock out significant costs from this either
                                                                         Page 113 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
