                         TRANSCRIPT
both for a Police building at the currently estimated size, for expansion
possibilities, and for recreating the floor area for community services that is
there now. Working with a larger site probably makes more sense than
working with the smaller ones.          In regard to the site that Glanckopf
mentioned, which was where the Red Cross property is, which I believe it's
lease ran out on June 30, 2013, those sites have never been owned by the
City of Palo Alto. The City of Palo Alto had leases from Stanford. Following
the 1965 Charter Amendment adopted by the voters, the Red Cross building
lease was included in park dedication. When it became time to renew that
lease in, I believe, 1976 , that site was removed from park dedication, so
the Red Cross could stay there. It's 120 feet by 200 feet or 0.55 acres. The
Red Cross building is next to MacArthur Park which is a little over 1 acre,
1.09.     Between those two buildings and El Camino Real is dedicated
parkland. None of which we own. We have a lease on the park until 2033.
In exchange for extending the park lease until 2033, we gave up the leases
on all of those income producing properties to Stanford. We're not even part
of the real estate transaction for the Red Cross building, MacArthur Park or
what used to be Holiday Inn. The Red Cross building is too small. It's a bad
location, and we don't own it or have a leasehold on it. I would suggest you
take a look at Cubberley.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a couple of questions. It is nice to get the update
of the number of sites that you looked at and comments on each one of the
problems with them and why you have come down to the last three. There
are issues with all of them, but the Council has committed to a Public Safety
Building and approved funds for it, so it is time to move ahead. When we
last discussed this, we spent a lot of time looking at space and space needs.
You have summarized a little bit of the square footage needed and come up
with 44,000. I know that's smaller than we started with, but there seemed
to be agreement that the needs of Police, Fire, Emergency Services could fit
in there. One thing we have not had a discussion about is, let me call it
mobility. One of the striking things about the Police Department is response
times. As a 911 call comes in, in a couple of minutes there will be a
respondent on site. The way of doing that is the effective personnel are
scattered through the City. They're not sitting in a police station. It raises
the issue of how many times in the course of a day do policemen need to be
at central headquarters. How much time is spent commuting? As we talk
about increased traffic in town, to have a site isolated in a corner might
mean you spend more time commuting, which doesn't make sense. If you
could give a general idea of, given the range of Staff, how many people are
scattered around town and how many times over the course of an average
day would they be needed at the central headquarters.


                                                                         Page 29 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
