                            TRANSCRIPT
         i.     Native tree plant species: and

         ii.    Greater development of Goal Number 5; and

         iii.   Options for changing the Vision Statement; and

         iv.    Expanding canopy cover in South Palo Alto.
Council Member Filseth: I was just looking at the numbers here. If I'm
looking at this correctly, you folks are looking at about $440,000 in the first
year. Did I get that right? I'm on Page 479.

Mr. Passmore: Right. That includes Development Services actions that
we're currently having Staff perform. We envision in the future those would
be absorbed by fees for services. That's not new funding for Year one, but
we included it because there's going to be a transfer from General Fund to
those being covered by fees.

Council Member Filseth: The question I'm wondering is, we're going through
a budgeting cycle right now. I understand we can do this as an Amendment
to the budget in six months. It seems it would be really nice to get it into
this cycle. I'm wondering if there's any way to get it in the next couple of
weeks.

Mr. Keene: I apologize. I didn't meant to say that we couldn't do the
Amendment as part of the budget. Assuming that it's in this $140,000
incremental difference is what I heard you were talking about. The other
was just reporting on what we already have within the budget, in the base.

Council Member Filseth: We're looking at $140,000, not a half million?

Mr. Keene: That's what I understood.         It would be pretty easy for us to
bring this up at Finance.

Council Member Filseth: That would be great if we could do it now.
$140,000 is a lot less than half a million. Is that a yes, we can get it on the
agenda in the next couple of weeks?

Mr. Keene: Yes. I'm sorry.

Council Member Burt: I agree with the direction of this. I'd like to offer a
couple of additional brief guidelines for the areas that we'd like to discuss
upon return. First, let me give a little description. One of the other visions
that's been emerging in this region is also to look at not only our rich history
around essentially trees as agriculture and how that integrates with a
sustainable food supply. Without trying to stipulate the degree to which that
                                                                          Page 88 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
