                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Jim, did you have something to add?

Mr. Keene: Yes, Madam Mayor. We are going to be coming back soon with
a report on the motion and what we'll be doing. Can I get the attention of
the whole Council? I want to be sure that we understood that you are not
right now directing us to getting into further detailed engineering work on
options or really on any kind of strategic financing plan linked to those
options, because those things are interconnected. That is down the line a
little bit. Right?

Mayor Holman: I don't read those into the motion. Council Member Burt?

Mr. Keene: Good, just want to be sure.

Council Member Burt: Correct, but not too far down the line.

Mayor Holman: With that, shall we take, like, a three minute break and call
Council Member Filseth back to our midst?

Council Member Scharff: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: We'll take about a three minute break.

Council took a break from 8:24 P.M. to 8:33 P.M.

Council Member Filseth returned to the meeting at 8:33 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Council Members. Council Member Filseth has rejoined us
for Item Number 3 or Portion Number 3 of our only item on today's agenda.
If we can call back to order. Staff, do you have any additional comments to
make before we proceed?

Mr. Keene: No, Madam Mayor.

Mayor Holman: If we could get the public's attention too please. Staff.

Mr. Keene: No, I think you're good. I don't know if we need to read the
title again. I mean, I think you know what the subject is here. The City's
interests and strategies regarding the proposed Santa Clara County
transportation sales tax measure, including a potential City of Palo Alto
transportation funding measure or other funding strategy.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, you missed the first part of the
conversation, but I would imagine that you were listening in. We are ready
to talk about the funding measure as City Manager Keene just described.
Council Members, why don't we do the same thing this time as we did last.
                                                                       Page 40 of 70
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/13/15
