                             MINUTES
the right thing for the community. The park was privately owned, and the
owner had a right under State and local law to go out of business, provided
that he mitigated impacts to the displaced residents to the extent required
by law. The Council was not present to discuss the hope and aspiration of
many in the community that Buena Vista could be preserved for affordable
housing. That was not within the Council's jurisdiction at the current time.
The Council was aware of community and neighborhood leaders working
toward that goal. The City Manager informed the Council that he had set
aside City funds so that the Council could hold such a discussion at the right
time. The Council first had to consider the closure application. The Council
had an obligation to be neutral, unbiased, and fair and to reach a decision
based on evidence before the Council. Only after the process had concluded
could the Council participate in a broader community conversation regarding
Buena Vista. Those issues were not before the Council, and the Council
would not discuss or act on those issues. While the Agenda Item likely
would be continued to the following night, public comment would not be
allowed in the subsequent meeting. Public comment would be allowed only
in the current meeting time.

Pam Davis related her work with the City to stabilize rent in and plan future
development of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. In 2001, 80 percent of
homes in Buena Vista were too old to be moved to other parks. The
appraised values of mobile homes would not cover the cost of another
mobile home in another park. The Mobile Home Park Conversion Ordinance
(Ordinance) stated reimbursement/relocation amounts for residents should
be based on the comparable cost of a mobile home. Currently only three
mobile home parks had no age restrictions for mobile homes.

Erika Escalante, Buena Vista Mobile Home Park Residents Association
President, advised that the park was a community of extended families. The
relocation plan and proposed compensation amount was not sufficient to
allow residents to remain in Palo Alto.

Mary Kear, Buena Vista Mobile Home Park Residents Association Vice
President, would be forced to leave the Bay area and would lose her
investment in her mobile home if the park closed. The closure of the park
would displace hundreds of people.

Maria Martinez moved to the park to live near her family. Her brother and
sister could not move their mobile homes from the park. She could not
drive and relied on public transit or her family for transportation.




04/13/2015                                                             117- 206
