                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Hovis: That's exactly right. The ubiquity question and some of the
digital divide and digital inclusion questions that come up in other markets
that lead to certain partnership models aren't necessarily relevant here. I
mean, I guess I would wonder—I would want as much competition in the
place I lived as possible, because I trust that competition does good things
and changes private-sector behavior in all the best ways. It's Economics
101, and I wish in Washington we paid more attention to that in making
communications policy. You have very effectively for a long time used your
fiber investment to stimulate some competition and to create opportunities
for private companies to come into this market. If you see Google do that
here, that would be a huge benefit and you can continue to use that fiber to
stimulate more. If Google doesn't come into this market, I would use that
fiber to try to get a third provider in as fast as possible whether that's fully
private-sector risk or some kind of a shared public-private risk opportunity.

Council Member Scharff: That's really your bottom line as to why you wait,
because we only have two providers in the market, AT&T—AT&T may then
not make the investment is what really what you're saying. If it looks like
Google's not coming and the market changes dramatically, we may then
need to play the role of Google, is really what you're saying. If Google
comes in, at that point we have a fairly competitive market. Then the
question is how do we use the $20 million to leverage something and what
are the goals and what does that look like, which I gather you don't feel has
been defined well enough at this point to answer the question.

Ms. Hovis: No, I don't think that was ill-defined at all. I mean, I think we
had a pretty good sense of what we were asked to do and an excellent
working relationship with City Staff. I did not mean to suggest other than
that. The Citizens Advisory Committee laid out different kinds of goals such
as, for example, that the City must own fiber to every home and business.
That had not been made clear to us as a goal. Had that been a core goal,
we would have approached this differently. We would have looked for
strategies by which to get there. I didn't mean to suggest that the goals
weren't there. I do think that your summary is pretty good. Once you know
what Google's planning to do in this market, you'll have a much better sense
of what's coming and what the competitive response by AT&T and Comcast
will be. Then you can think about how the City can continue to impact that.
You can still have impact.

Council Member Scharff: I have one other question which Jonathan brought
up. I mean, the reason I want fiber to the premise is because I want faster
speeds in my house, right. I mean, that's really why you want it. Once Wi-
Fi is as fast, it's just like we didn't have all the utilities in Palo Alto. We
                                                                         Page 30 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
