                          TRANSCRIPT
would still want either the sense or verbatim minutes to be the public
minutes that are posted on the website and distributed to the public.

Ms. Minor: We can do that. If you choose to go to verbatim minutes, on the
website we can put a link to the verbatim minutes.

Council Member DuBois:      It sounds like you're favoring verbatim from a
workload perspective.

Ms. Minor: From a workload perspective, yes, verbatim would be easier,
because we would not go back and review them at all for sentence structure
or anything else. They are verbatim; they're word for word and we would
not have to review them.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just curious. Not to get into too many details,
but there's a lot of machine-based transcription these days. Is machine-
based summary available?

Ms. Minor: I'm not aware of any.

Council Member Kniss: By the way, I still like sense minutes. How long has
Palo Alto done sense minutes?

Ms. Minor: I believe at least from 2001. That's when this Ordinance was ...

Council Member Kniss: They did them all through the '90s.

Ms. Minor: I know they changed it back at one point. Then back in, I think,
2001 is when they updated the Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss: I don't know where we're going to go on this. Sense
minutes are far easier for the public. Reading through verbatim minutes, if
any of you have done that recently, takes a long time. You've really got to
go carefully through them. They've got to be produced, and there's tons of
paper involved and so forth, unless we do something like a reference to it.
It sounds as though, except for maybe a short period of time, for at least 30
years Palo Alto has used sense minutes. I'm guessing.

Ms. Minor: I don't know the exact length.

Council Member Kniss: You can only go back to 2001.

Herb Borock: I urge you to adopt either the verbatim minutes or the sense
minutes as the official record, rather than a video or just the action minutes.
In terms of workload, preparing sense minutes requires the person
preparing them to make good judgment about what should be in it. The
                                                                         Page 57 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
