                            MINUTES
Council was going to discuss retail preservation. If the Council wished to
schedule sessions to discuss frameworks and semantics, then Staff needed
time to fit those into the Agenda schedule.

Council Member Wolbach questioned whether the Council's vision included
Light Rail and said the Council should provide some direction as to whether
they wanted to maintain the timeline for completion of the Comprehensive
Plan. He inquired whether the current timeline projected completion of the
Comprehensive Plan in the first quarter of 2016.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Council Member Wolbach asked if the Council wished to provide guidance to
Staff regarding the calendar, themes, or the process for engaging the public
and/or the Leadership Group at this time.

Mr. Keene thought the Council should not offer Motions because they did not
complete the discussion.     Schedules for the Summit and post-Summit
periods were set. The Council seemed to be considering an elongated
schedule for the Comprehensive Plan Update process. That was not as
important as identifying additional Council sessions prior to the Summit on
May 30, 2015 because prior to the Summit, the Council and the public
needed a sense of the Council's vision. The Council was able to direct Staff
to return with suggestions for other engagements with the Council regarding
concepts raised in the current discussion.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to have a deeper discussion on the Comprehensive Plan on the
overarching goals and vision statement for each element before the Summit
and the Comprehensive Plan process.

Ms. Gitelman explained a discussion of an Interim Ordinance regarding retail
preservation Citywide would return to the Council after a discussion of
growth management strategies. She requested clarification as to whether
the Motion requested Staff schedule another discussion.

Council Member DuBois did not wish to prescribe a timeframe in the Motion
but a discussion prior to the Summit was helpful.

Council Member Filseth asked if the California Avenue item remained on the
Agenda.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the Council would discuss retail preservation
Citywide. California Avenue was going to be the first area for specific
review, following the Citywide discussion.

03/16/2015                                                            117- 98
