                          TRANSCRIPT
businesses can get a permit, conditional use permit, whatever, that's not
challengeable basically.

Mr. Lait: Barring what may come of a motion to have all the business obtain
CUPs, I would tell you that there's nothing about the ordinance that's before
you this evening that would require presently any existing use that is
conforming today, that is rendered nonconforming as a result of this
ordinance to somehow be having to go through a new regulatory process or
change their operation or go out of business. None of that stuff would take
place.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for clarifying that. Reading through it,
I was getting the impression that an existing business that is on Cambridge,
that is not retail—for instance, is dental, there are a few dentists, there's
some hair salons and stuff that aren't really considered retail.          My
understanding was that they would have to apply for a conditional use
permit. Thank you for ..

Mr. Lait: Allow me to clarify that. On Cambridge, the same deal. If they're
existing today and the building doesn't change and it's demolished or
substantially remodeled, all those uses can continue today and would be
able to continue after implementation of the ordinance. If the building gets
substantially remodeled, major renovation, demolished, then if the R
Combining District is extended to Cambridge, the ground-floor uses would
have to be retail, personal service or a restaurant.

Female: (inaudible)

Mr. Lait: No, it'd have to be one of those three categories of uses on
Cambridge. If we extend the R Combining District to Cambridge, what we're
saying is we're extending the retail, the personal services and the restaurant
requirement on the ground floor.

Council Member Wolbach: That actually does concern me a little bit. Let's
say a property owner does want to redesign their building. Maybe they want
to add a little bit more housing, which you all know I'd be in favor of, or they
want to add something else that we would be happy with seeing there.
Maybe they're willing to offer through the process, the remodel, whoever is
currently there on the ground-floor that is not retail an opportunity to stay.
I want to make sure that they're not lost. I don't know if it's possible for us
to amend this to make that possible. That's kind of where I'm thinking
about going. I don't want to kick anyone out basically. Again, I don't want
to prevent an opportunity for somebody to do something better with their
property there, which would have benefits for retailers there, if there's
improvements in properties, that would then have the effect of kicking
                                                                         Page 49 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
