                          TRANSCRIPT
officers be covered by the City's insurance carrier while working the Super
Bowl. It was implied, but not stated directly. The answer is the City is self-
insured to $1 million and participates in a multicity risk pool, ACCEL, for
claims over 1 million. The revised agreement before Council today includes
changes that Palo Alto negotiated to address the ACCEL Board's concerns
about the prior form of the agreement. That risk board reviewed the revised
agreement at their most recent meeting, this past Friday. At the time, the
Board expressed satisfaction with the agreement and determined the Palo
Alto Police Department's participation in Super Bowl events at designated
locations does not give rise to an exclusion from coverage under the City's
existing Memorandum of Understanding. We are covered on that one. We
got some questions on Item Number 24, but that's on Action, and I will let
that go. We had some questions on Item Number 18. Let me just say I'm
going to break these into two parts. One is that there was a question about
our City.    Is it typical to include funds to restore the City Manager
Contingency Account as suggested in this? Is it a City practice to do that
when they're used rather than wait until the next budget year? The answer
here is that the only time we do, during the course of the year, restore a
particular contingency fund if use of the funds, in this case the City
Manager's Fund, is linked to particular City Council initiatives that come up
during the year. We go back and fund it initially to have a cash flow thing
there, but we replenish it so that the City Manager's Contingency Fund is
available as intended for other organizational or organization-wide issues.
That's our typical practice. Secondly, I'll go ahead and do it now, just so it's
clear. It'll be in advance of the Consent Item, Madam Mayor. We had
gotten a number of questions around Item Number 18, that is the minimum
wage implementation and some of the compliance requirements related to
the prevailing wage, disadvantaged business enterprise program and
minimum or prevailing wage. Actually upon looking at it more closely, I
don't think even the answers that I gave the Council were complete enough,
and my own conversations with the Staff. I don't think that we're ready to
advance the recommendations related to the compliance programs that was
included in the report. However, there is a time-sensitive component to the
report that really deals with our need to make some changes with some of
our existing SEIU hourly and limited hourly employee wage rate to be in
compliance with the Minimum Wage Ordinance, so you separate that out.
That was that $20,000 expenditure out of the larger expenditure. We really
would ask that when you take up Item 18 that the only action being
recommended tonight would read to approve the Resolution for amending
the wages adding a new minimum wage related to City positions. That's
Attachment B. We would return early next year with information and further
discussion on an Action Item regarding the prevailing wage compliance
functions. Apologize for all of that. Hopefully you tracked that. I think I am
finished with the City Manager Comments. Thank you.
                                                                        Page 14 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
