                         TRANSCRIPT
various functional areas that are needed by the Police Department. It also
includes a community room. Along with that, there was developed the
parking program for the Public Safety Building. That includes the parking
needs for the Police and Fire Department vehicles and for Staff and visitor
parking that add up to the 191 parking spaces that are estimated to be
needed. I also wanted to point out that just a little under $10 million of that
$47 million project figure is for the construction of a parking garage that
would fulfill those needs. This next slide shows some of the important
criteria for the new Public Safety Building. Probably most importantly, the
building needs to meet Essential Services Standards to provide continuous
operation during and after a major earthquake. That's one of the significant
problems with the current building, other than its small size. The building
should provide for all of its parking needs. It should be planned to meet the
City's needs for many years to come. We're thinking at least 50 years in the
future. It should be operationally efficient for the functions that will be
conducted there, but also be both secure and inviting to the public. When
we talk about essential services and the need for a structure to be
operational during a major disaster like an earthquake and after, I'll just
touch on this briefly. These requirements for facilities come from the
Seismic Safety Act of 1986. They apply to facilities like Public Safety
Buildings, fire stations, hospitals, etc. that are deemed to be essential. With
that background, we'll transition to the site evaluation work that's been done
by Staff since the approval of the Infrastructure Plan last year. We did look
back at the list of sites that were considered by the Blue Ribbon Task Force
along with other sites that have been suggested since that time and some
additional sites that were suggested while we were in the process. Of these,
22 were included on a list for evaluation during the work we've done in the
past year. That list of 22 sites and some information about them was also
included in the Staff Report. We also engaged the services of a commercial
real estate broker to try to identify potential sites, but that person wasn't
able to identify any suitable sites. From the 22 sites, Staff narrowed the list
to three City-owned properties that you see on this slide. While each one of
these properties has its own individual challenges, the thought here was that
proceeding with one of these sites that are City-owned was the most likely
course of action to allow the City to move forward with the project relatively
quickly. I just wanted to point out that Staff is also open to considering
other options that may be suggested. Our hope would be that if there are
other sites that we are to consider, that we manage to do that on a parallel
timeline that would keep us with completing the site selection this year and
being able to move forward with the design and environmental review
phase. The first of the three sites that we have is a 3.5 acre PG&E switching
station that's located on West Bayshore Road. We've had some preliminary
discussions with PG&E where PG&E indicated that the remaining switches on
that site could be moved across Matadero Creek to the City's Colorado
                                                                         Page 23 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
