                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman:       My understanding was—we have a Housing
Element. It's a certified Housing Element. The Council's instruction was
have it come back to identify moving different plots from south Palo Alto to
other locations. It wasn't going to involve this broad of a discussion on
policies and programs and how we could possibly incentivize this type of
use.

Ms. Gitelman:      That's right, Council Member Berman.         I think our
expectation is we'll have that conversation with the Council and the CAC
early in the new year. That said, I think your suggestion that the Land Use
and Community Design Element include something about this is probably
okay. We do have a section in the existing Comp Plan about walkable
neighborhoods. This is in keeping with that. It could be that with this
direction, the CAC emphasizes that area of the Plan.

Council Member Berman: I just think—that's exactly it. I think we've heard
from a lot of folks, not just tonight but at other times, about concerns. We
have an aging population, and we don't have a housing stock to
accommodate them.

Council Member DuBois: I'm fine with it. I guess we could give Staff the
flexibility to move it if, just in terms of readability, it belongs in a different
Element later.

Council Member Berman: Sure, 100 percent.

Council Member Burt: As the seconder, I'll just say that it's in the right
direction. You need to think about how to frame these as land use
decisions.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff and the CAC to
explore policies and programs to support more housing for seniors,
particularly units in walkable communities that allow easy access to
services.”

Council Member Berman: Fair. If you have any suggestions, I'm more than
open to them. I was going to make a second amendment that I think might
be a little more along those lines.

Council Member Burt: I have one as well that was intended along the same
direction.

Mayor Holman: Is this then accepted by both maker and seconder?


                                                                          Page 94 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/2/15
