                         TRANSCRIPT
Municipal Services Center on East Bayshore. We loaded approximately
1,700 sand bags into cars, not only with City employees but we had
Explorers and volunteers from the Rotary Club helping provide this service.
So far this winter we have provided over 10,000 filled sand bags to the
public. Last year during the severe storms we had in December which
seemed to be a precursor to a wet winter that never really arrived, we
provided approximately 16,000 filled and loose bags in a 24-hour period.
We're on track to surpass that mark, and it's only early November. We
continue to restock our supply and inventory at the three identified sand bag
stations, Rinconada Park, at the MSC and at the Palo Alto Airport. For more
information, folks can check out the website cityofpaloalto.org/storms. I did
want to just share that Palo Alto tomorrow and the next day will be hosting
the cities of Cambridge, Massachusetts, and Santa Monica, California, on
Tuesday and Wednesday with other guests from Boulder, San Jose, San
Francisco and the Carbon Neutral Cities Alliance in a (inaudible) learning
exchange to explore the development of a zero net energy policy. This
exchange was organized by our Office of Sustainability and funded by the
Urban Sustainability Directors Network.         Discussion will include the
challenges and successes Cambridge has faced during their development
and adoption of its Net Zero Action Plan and evaluate barriers and solutions
to net zero energy policy development. As most of you know, last Friday the
City hosted the fourth annual Building Carbon Zero California Conference.
We thank Mayor Holman for delivering the opening address and speaking to
our City's strengths and leadership in green building. Along with Passive
House California, the City brought together experts to discuss carbon
reduction strategies for buildings, cities and regions. The keynote address
was delivered by Dr. Diana Urge-Vorsatz, lead author of the Nobel Prize
winning report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Her
presentation was live-streamed to Vienna where a simultaneous event was
taking place as part of former Vice President Al Gore's Climate Reality
Project.    The conference also brought together members from all
departments of the City to have an open dialog about our future and green
building. On Saturday, conference attendees were invited to join Former
Mayor Peter Drekmeier on a bicycle tour of passive energy efficient homes in
Palo Alto. Along those lines, more to come on this, but we are pointing
towards a community sustainability summit on January 24th at Jordan
Middle School from 1:00 to 5:00 p.m. It will be part of our Our Palo Alto
initiative and focus on sort of the background work to precede our
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. I'll have more to report on that.
With the approach of the Thanksgiving Holiday next week, a couple of fun
events to be sure to put on calendar to kick off the holiday season. This
Saturday, November 21st, from 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., you can join the
artists of Cubberley Artist Studio Program in Wings E, F and U at the
Cubberley Community Center as they open up their working studios during
                                                                          Page 24 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
