                          TRANSCRIPT
experience over the past couple of years in building big civic projects. I'm
not interested in entering into long-term agreements if they're starting off
with a lack of trust. I want to give the applicant the opportunity to respond.
I said I wasn't really going to weigh in on this, and I couldn't help myself.
Maybe I'm totally missing the mark here, but that's sure what it seems to be
to me.

Mayor Holman: Did you want to hear from Gary or from Steve? Mr. Grover
or Mr. Antonucci?

Council Member Berman:        Whichever one of the applicant feels is most
appropriate to respond.

Mayor Holman: Whichever of you it is, would you please announce who you
are into the microphone?

Steven Grover, Moffatt & Nichol Engineers: Sure. I'm Steven Grover.

Mayor Holman: You will need to speak into the microphone. You're going to
have to pull the easel closer or whatever.

Mr. Grover: No problem. Thank you.

Council Member Berman: Thank you for responding. Let me ask you in
advance, try your best to stick to the question and not go off in too many
tangents.

Mr. Grover: I will stick exactly to the question.

Council Member Berman: I appreciate it.

Mr. Grover: The answer is the word contingency. In the design guidelines
for the competition, the construction budget was presented without
contingency. We presented during our competition entry our construction
budget without contingency, $8 million. This number, we have estimated
anywhere between 1 and 2.5. This is for other project costs that are harder
to pin down at this point. Which is why this number, contingency, is so
important. At this stage of a process of estimating, it is very important and
it's customary for good reasons to apply a 20-25 percent contingency to
whatever your construction cost estimate is to get to a construction budget
which is this number.

Council Member Berman: In your proposal—let's just go to what your
proposal was to us in March—I guess what you proposed in December.
You're saying that your proposal included the 8 for the bridge; it did not
include the 2.5 for the other and it did not include the 2.1 for contingency.
                                                                      Page 112 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
