                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Since we voted on it, what I will do is I will ask
that we reconsider it. Isn't that the appropriate way to do it?

Mayor Holman: No, you wouldn't. Somebody on the prevailing side would
ask for it to be reconsidered.

Council Member Scharff: I was on the prevailing side. It was a 7-2 vote.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, since you're reintroducing it, would
you like to have reconsideration ...

Council Member Scharff: I'm correct, right?

Mayor Holman: ... of automotive services being added?

Council Member Burt: In this case, the prevailing side was two.

Council Member Scharff: That's why I'm asking.

Council Member Burt: Why don't you let Greg …

Council Member Scharff: It doesn't matter. If you want to be procedurally
correct, I will.

Mayor Holman: That's true. In this case, it is.

Council Member Burt: Let's just do it.

Mayor Holman: The Amendment we're going to be voting on, oh, we don't
need to vote on it because you're going to accept it. Correct, Council
Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff:    Yes.   If Council Member Wolbach accepts it, it's
fine.

Council Member Wolbach: Hang on, I'm still waiting for the City Clerk to
delete the last one and get the language up. Yes, I will support that change.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to add automotive services
to the definition of retail-like uses in Municipal Code Section 18.85.101(b).”
Council Member Kniss: We should go through it.

Mayor Holman: The Motion before us is to adopt the proposed Urgency
Interim Ordinance included in the Staff Report to prevent the conversion of
ground-floor retail and retail-like uses to other uses Citywide with the
                                                                          Page 65 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
