                         TRANSCRIPT
a leading PACE finance company, and I'm the regional account manager.
Ygrene is the word "energy" spelled backwards. PACE stands for property-
assessed clean energy, which is becoming a game-changing tool in California
for making water conservation, energy efficiency, solar, seismic retrofitting
and other measures acceptable for all. A little bit about Ygrene. We are the
multi-state PACE administrator currently operating in California, Florida and
Georgia. Ygrene is the number one commercial and number one multifamily
residential PACE provider in California and in Florida. Ygrene is also the
number one residential in Florida and number two residential PACE provider
in California. Over the next five years, Ygrene will fund over $3 billion worth
of energy and water upgrades which will create more than 45,000 jobs on
over 100,000 buildings and eliminate over 500,000 metric tons of carbon
dioxide. Right now, as of September 2015, Ygrene has approved and under
construction over $500 million worth of projects. We have created over
8,000 jobs and has an economic impact of $1.3 billion estimated. Currently
we are in 98 cities, 23 counties, about a population of 14 million people. We
are approved and on the agenda in 63 cities and nine more counties and
another population of about 5.3 million. Some of the benefits of Ygrene
PACE financing include the longest repayment terms in the industry, up to
30 years.        All property types are eligible, residential, multifamily,
commercial, industrial, agricultural, nonprofit and religious institutions. We
have the lowest annual payments, and some of the payments may be tax
deductible.     There's no bulk assessment placed on property, only the
maximum annual tax lien. Why activate Ygrene? Number one, it will enable
your constituents to access the lowest cost energy and water upgrade and
financing available.     Number two, to provide more choice for your
constituents. Even if you have some PACE providers, adding Ygrene will
ease the competition. Competition drives sales, which will increase services.
Golden State Financing Authority is our joint powers authority, and they
were formed in 1993. GSFA is the public entity overseeing the entire
program. Ygrene is the financing and administration partner. The structure
requires no Staff time from cities and counties. There is no cost and no risk
of liability. Ygrene backs up GSFA with full identification related to property
activities. Ygrene has some of the strongest consumer protections in the
industry. Recommend multiple bids ... Last one I'll list. How to activate
Ygrene? Review and approve two-page resolutions, review and approve the
JPA agreement, finalize the Staff Report, place on an agenda at an upcoming
Council or Board meeting. Once voted upon, Ygrene will be able to send out
our local team and work in your community. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you so very much. John Kelley to be followed by Rita
Vrhel.


                                                                             Page 6 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
