              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Regular Meeting
                                                         September 21, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
            Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Potential Topics of Discussion With Supervisor Joe Simitian.

Mayor Holman: The first item on the agenda is a Study Session with
Supervisor Simitian who we're pleased and honored to have with us this
evening. I'm sure you have some opening comments, Supervisor Simitian.

Supervisor Joe Simitian: Thank you, Madam Mayor and Council Members. I
thought what I might do is just hit the high points on a handful of issues that
I expect you would be asking about anyway. Let me just, in no particular
order, take three or four items that, as I say, I feel pretty sure are going to
come up on the natural. These are interesting and busy times at the
County, as I suspect you all have had occasion to observe.              On the
transportation front, to begin there, a couple of hot topics. One is a
potential transportation tax on the November '16 ballot. The other is the
possibility of a dedicated lane for Bus Rapid Transit on El Camino. In a
minute, I'm going to suggest that there might actually be a connection
between those two things that ought to be noted. Some of you will recall
that in late 2014, there was some discussion about the possibility of a last
minute ballot measure on the November 2014 ballot for transportation. That
ultimately did not come to fruition. I thought it served as a useful reminder
that this topic was going to be on the ballot in the foreseeable future. With
that in mind, in September 2014 I sent a memo to our Roads and Airports
Department at the County and asked if we could get some analysis on how
prior tax measures had been spent, how much revenue they had generated,
and if we could look at that on a district-by-district basis for our five
supervisorial districts. That turned into quite a chore, but eventually in
March of this year, 2015, the information came back. I asked my staff to


                                                                      Page 1 of 133
