                         TRANSCRIPT
hanging fruit at a minimum to encourage salvage. I don't need to remind
anybody here, but maybe I do, that the environmental triangle is reduce,
reuse, recycle. The Staff Report on Packet Page 23 has a very short
paragraph about zero waste, does not even mention salvage. It mentions
recycling. I want an answer from Gil and from Peter, why it is that when I
stop by a construction site and ask what they've been told about salvage,
the answer is, "What are you talking about? We're recycling everything
here." Why is this? I am frustrated with this, because it is year after year I
ask this, when we've had a C&D Ordinance since 2004.

Mr. Friend: Since you invited Peter to speak to this, let me ask him to come
up too. This is something we need to look at more carefully. I don't know
what the breakdown numbers are on that. I don't know yet how much of
our remaining 10 percent toward the 90-percent goal would come from C&D
versus composting and the other measure we're undertaking. I agree with
you that this is an important measure. The way that you have framed it,
looking at some of the systems costs of embedded energy, the water
required, the transportation demand engendered is really important. If we
have programs that aren't showing up as taking effect on the job site, we
may have programs in place, but if people don't know about them or aren't
interacting with them or they're not being adequately supported, then that's
something we need to take a look at.

Mayor Holman: There are two houses just a block away from me that were
totally demolished. I asked both of those contractors what they knew about
salvage. Neither one of them knew anything about salvage. I'm serious in
wanting to get this in place. Why isn't it in place when it is an Ordinance
that we have?

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director: Good evening. Let me first
say that's a great question. It is something that is on our minds. We have a
very aggressive C&D Ordinance. We've seen a lot of improvement in how
much material is recycled. When we looked at our C&D Ordinance two years
ago, we realized we needed to do more in the way of encouraging buildings
to be reused. The issues is it takes a lot more time and a lot more energy
for contractors to do that. What we've done to incentivize that work is allow
for the issuance of a demolition permit well in advance of their building
permit to start the construction so that they have plenty time to start the
deconstruction process. We've talked at length about the tax incentives of
using those recyclable materials.      In fact, Judith Wasserman, a close
contributor to the work that we've done at the Development Center, has
great examples and statistics and metrics about how much money can be
saved in some of these "older" homes that are being torn down. Again, it's
an educational process. We are pushing for the community to take more

04/20/2015                                                             117- 306
