                         TRANSCRIPT
along California Avenue looking back. You can see that Option 1, being a
three-story building, peaks up above the buildings a little more than Option
2. One of the defining aspects of a Public Safety Building quite often is a
communications tower. These are indicated by the spire that is coming up
on the edge of both buildings. What's important to note is that Option 1 is
actually a half a block away off of California Avenue and separated by an
alley. This is along Park Boulevard. Option 1 is the three-story scheme on
the left. Option 2 is the two-story scheme. What's interesting about this,
the Option 1 along Park expresses itself as a one-story element because it's
the landscaped parking area and vehicle area. Whereas, in Option 2, it's a
two-story building that comes right up close to the street edge. We also
worked with Waltry Design. Matt Davis from Waltry is here should we have
questions about the parking study. We developed three parking structure
options. The programmatic requirements for all three of the options was to
replace 100 percent of the existing parking that needed to be replaced as
well as adding 160 additional spaces for a 460 stall count for any of the
options. We did a site analysis similar to the Public Safety Building and
developed three options. I'll briefly describe each one of those. Option A is
35 feet high with four parking levels and no basement. It has the largest
footprint. Option B is 35 feet high with four levels above grade with two
basement levels below. Option C is 35 feet high with three levels above
grade with two basement levels below. What's unique about Option C, it
also is set back from Birch and provides area for a 4,700 square foot, plus or
minus, commercial building that would front Birch Street. This would be
more like a mixed use approach to this lot for the public parking structure.
One of the features about the parking structure is that site coverage
variances may be required to maximize the parking garage efficiency and
minimize construction costs. All of these indicate the detailed design studies
that Waltry Design completed. These are site line comparisons for the
parking garage. Option A is more visible from Cal. Ave. along Birch than the
other two options because it covers more of the site and it's much more
visible from Cal. Ave. Option C optimizes community design continuity by
making room for a commercial function along Birch Street. This table
summarizes our study. It finds that the sites are suitable for development
for a new Public Safety Building and a new public parking structure. This
summary table depicts the relative zoning complexity and the construction
cost of each. Option 1 is the least costly Public Safety Building option.
Option A is the least costly parking garage option. Option 1 is the preferred
concept by the Palo Alto Police Department, Fire Administration and Office of
Emergency Services. In my professional opinion, both of these sites are
suitable for the development of a Public Safety Building and a new parking
garage and, in many aspects, are superior to many of the sites that we've
studied over the past years. I'd be happy to answer any questions should

                                                                       Page 86 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
