                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid believed the Council had to address such issues before
the consultant's work was complete.

Mr. Keene clarified that Google would not make a decision prior to the end of
calendar year 2015.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether the consultant could complete his work
before the Council had to make any decisions.

Mr. Reichental answered yes.

Vice Mayor Schmid assumed the consultant would consider Google as a fiber
provider as well as the City. Google Fiber would have certain advantages as
it was selecting clusters of cities. The consultant should be aware of any
disadvantage the City might face from Google. The Council should have
Staff's work through Task 4.

Mr. Keene noted Google Fiber identified five cities in the Bay Area. He would
not be surprised by Google selecting all five cities at the same time.

Vice Mayor Schmid added that Google could provide better service if it
selected all five cities over solely Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff believed the difficulty would be providing a utility
while competing as a business. The City was good at operating utilities, but
a utility was a monopoly. The dark fiber ring was clearly a utility. He liked
the open access model. He recalled Alameda County's inability to compete
with Comcast and eventual sale of its fiber to Comcast. He did not find a
discussion of a funding model.        Funds from the dark fiber ring and
Certificates of Participation (COP) were funding sources. The Council should
consider smart grid opportunities, which electric ratepayers would fund as
well. He wanted the City to move quickly, and Google could force the City to
act quickly. He inquired about the impacts of Google selecting Palo Alto on
the Council's ability to make decisions under an open access model.

Mr. Fleming explained that Google's model was based upon using as much
existing infrastructure as possible. Cable companies and telecoms were not
interested in existing infrastructure. He did not believe they would be
interested in collaborating with the City to provide services over a common
network of some sort.

Council Member Scharff asked if Google using a City-owned network would
shut out other companies unless those companies built their own network.

Mr. Fleming concurred.


02/02/2015                                                            116- 443
