                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Before we leave evaluation, could I make one more tiny
comment? I missed this year the scoring. When we came to evaluation
time, we took a category, say highly competent. In previous years, we had
done a quantitative scoring. You got three points for this (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: That 1-5?

Vice Mayor Schmid: That meant that you got scores in numbers, 3.1, 3.8.
Now when we say highly competent, we include everything from 3 to 3.9.
That's a wide range. I found that we were bunching people together. They
all have the same score, but it's not the same score.

Ms. Figone: I have a suggestion. I remember you mentioning that. It's a
very valid comment. I don't know if you do remember that we used
SurveyMonkey for the online portion. Really the numbers are there. Also if
you remember, in Closed Session I would share what the numbers would
have been, which we could put into the Report. It's not hard to do. The
caution would be that these are subjective processes. When you have only
maybe five or six people responding to the survey, the numbers are a good
starting point, but they're only a starting point.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I was talking about the Council's evaluation.

Ms. Figone: That's what I mean.

Chair Burt: Over the years, when we did have the quantitative scoring, we
would very often look at—we'd have individual areas in a score, and then it
would add up to. We said, "That's not what we really think about the
overall." The individual scoring didn't add up to the overall, so we'd just
adjust it. What we were trying to do is take our subjective judgment and
put it into a decimal number. The more I think about it, here we have our
Council Appointed Officers, executives. We're reducing their evaluation to a
digital value. I just think that underserves them. I don't think it really has
value. In the end, this really is a subjective process, foremost.

Council Member Kniss: To go back to what I said, it's hard. We'll all see
somebody differently. One of us may say, "Alex is fabulous." The next one
will say, "I feel kind of wishy-washy about it."

Chair Burt: We may have comfort in numbers, but that doesn't make
numbers really providing insight.

Ms. Egan: Another important piece about this is that I'm sure your Council
always gets along and sees things the same. Other Councils sometimes
have very strong feelings.   You'll have someone that views the city
                                                                                    Page 25 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
