                              MINUTES
Those tracks would be outside the right-of-way and would likely trigger
some type of environmental review.

Council Member Burt did not know if that would trigger any obligation for
mitigations at those grade crossings.

Ms. Lee indicated that Caltrain would have to go through the environmental
process and analyze it to determine impacts first. Wherever mitigations
were appropriate and applicable, Caltrain would recommend them.

Council Member Burt referred to Ms. Lee's statement that individual cities
had identified grade separations and Caltrain was a willing partner. Caltrain
should accept a shared responsibility in the preliminary design of a system
that would eventually have grade separations and not treat grade
separations as city responsibilities.    Caltrain should accept a shared
ownership of the responsibility, because the increase in Caltrain service
levels was a primary driver in the need for grade separations. He wanted a
greater commitment from Caltrain toward the planning and design in
collaboration with cities.

Council Member Wolbach believed there was a growing consensus that grade
separation was going to be necessary. The demand would continue to
increase even if the City did nothing and electrification did not proceed. He
requested Caltrain staff articulate steps the City could take to ensure it built
an effective and collaborative partnership with Caltrain regarding planning
and timing and funding for grade separation if the community wished to
proceed.

Ms. Lee understood the City wanted a stronger, proactive approach from the
JPB and a more formal partnership. She could not commit to a blanket
approach for all cities. The JPB committed to mitigation. In terms of any
additional joint efforts, City Staff would need to identify topics and then have
policymakers determine how to formalize the process. Caltrain was willing
to explore formalizing the planning process.

Council Member Wolbach commented that constructing grade separations
simultaneously with electrification would be logical and cost effective. He
inquired about disadvantages to constructing both simultaneously and
advantages to constructing them separately.

Ms. Lee explained that Caltrain searched for construction windows that
would allow a project to occur given the 2020-2021 completion date. If
projects could be included, Caltrain would proceed with grade separations.
If projects could not be accommodated, then Caltrain would hold a policy-
level discussion to determine which project was more important.

01/12/2015                                                              116- 306
