                         TRANSCRIPT
The roadway is at Level of Service E or F for the full extent out to Birch
Street. It's exceeding capacity west of Foothill Expressway. With the
widening, with the other interchange spot improvements, we can get rid of
all the Level of Service F segments and west of Robles Way where it's Level
of Service D or better. Since these improvements are likely to take some
time, there's some costs associated with them. A lot of further design is
needed. Detailed environmental review is needed. One of our charges was
to look at whether there's a way to provide interim improvements at the
interchange for cyclists. It's such a poor environment for cyclists today, the
idea was to look at whether there's a way to do low cost, not acquiring right-
of-way, basically striping through the interchange. We came up with an
improvement to do some treatments similar to what's been done at I-280
and Alpine where there's some green paint through the conflict areas and
some buffers on the bike lanes to separate them from vehicles. We laid out
a concept for the interchange. It must be heavily noted that Caltrans has
not reviewed this concept. This is their right-of-way, so they will have to
approve any improvement. We've developed a concept that we would take
to Caltrans and get their approval. One critical aspect of this project is the
phasing. There's a lot of different improvements going on. Our analysis
determined that they need to be done in the right order in order to solve the
problem in the best way possible. As I mentioned, the interim improvement
would be to focus on the interchange and improve bicycle circulation. The
next step that we identified was the widening of Page Mill Road. If you do
the interchange improvements, the round-about and that sort of thing,
before you widen Page Mill Road, you're going to be dumping more cars onto
an already congested roadway. You're not going to get anybody anywhere
any faster. With the widening of Page Mill Road, that needs to proceed first
to free up some capacity to the east of the interchange. As you improve the
ability to get off of 280 and head to the east toward Palo Alto, there'll be
some capacity downstream that you can utilize.              The first major
infrastructure step would be the widening of Page Mill, and then we'd look at
the interchange improvements. Phase 3, a very long-term improvement
would be the grade separation of Foothill Expressway. We showed that
some at-grade improvement would help address some of the issues with
Foothill for at least the next few years or so, the next decade or so. The
grade separation could be a longer term improvement as traffic continues to
grow there. That would be a more long-term Phase 3. The next slide
documents what I was just describing. The intersection improvements east
of Foothill Expressway can be done as funding is available. Those aren't tied
to the issues that occur west of Foothill Expressway. The cost of all these
improvements total $98 million. I must emphasize that more than half of
that amount, $50 million, is associated with the grade separation of Foothill
Expressway, which I said was the Phase 3 long-term improvement. More
than half the cost would be a long-term improvement; the other would be
                                                                          Page 6 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
