                          TRANSCRIPT
process to be a little different than the [Comprehensive Plan Advisory
Committee] CPAC process that was involved in the preparation and adoption
of the current Comprehensive Plan, mostly because we're at a different
stage in the process than that Comprehensive Plan. So much time has
elapsed since the beginning of this effort in 2006 or 2008, it didn't seem like
we could start all the way at the beginning again, so we've tried to design a
process with that in mind. We also have a few new tools available to us
since the late '90s in terms of our access to open source data and public
participation, and we want to take advantage of those new tools. The Staff
Report does acknowledge that all along we as Staff have been
recommending that we don't use an appointed committee that instead we
use community outreach and engagement to try to entice people, anyone
who wants to, to come and participate in the community work sessions.
Some Council Members have suggested that it would be easier to get a
cross-section of interests represented if the committee was appointed. We
suggest to you today that if there's going to be a change in direction and
appointment of a committee, today would be the day to make that decision
because, as I said, the Summit is a recruiting opportunity . The Summit,
May 30th is almost here. In addition to process, today we wanted to talk
about the structure of the Comprehensive Plan. As I mentioned earlier, at a
prior evening the Council discussed the overall vision for the Comprehensive
Plan, which is summarized on this slide. The Council also discussed the
themes for the existing Comprehensive Plan and talked about how these
themes still rang true to a large extent, but may need to be revised to be
made more contemporary as we move forward. Tonight we're seeking the
same kind of overall input on the part of the Comprehensive Plan structure
that's just a little deeper into the document. Just to review, each chapter or
element of the Comprehensive Plan has its own vision statement. Under
that vision statement is a series of Goals.           Then those Goals are
implemented by policies and programs. That is the structure that's set up.
That structure has never proposed to change, but it's important to recognize
that. What we're going to be focusing on tonight is the Vision and the Goals,
the highest tiers in that system. This slide just explains in more detail what
those tiers are. As we've discussed, the focus tonight is on process. It's on
the Vision Statement for each Element. We'd like to know what you think of
the two versions that were included in the Staff Report. There's a table with
columns showing the current Comprehensive Plan Vision Statements for the
Elements on the left-hand column. On the right-hand column is the edited
version that was recommended by the Planning and Transportation
Commission. Again, we probably can't get into wordsmithing tonight, but
we'd like to know is there one of these two versions that you prefer or would
you like to direct Staff and the community who work on this in more detail to
synthesize these and find some middle ground. Similarly on the Goals for
each Element and the headings that make up the structure. I recognize that
                                                                          Page 23 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
