                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt did not want to establish an RPP Program if neighbors
did not want it.

Ms. Stump advised that the Council went through a thoughtful process to set
up a procedure that allowed neighborhoods to come forward when there was
a problem and standards to measure and assess that. That could speak to
the Council's interest in a process for neighborhood parking intrusion that
the City could readily and promptly address.

Council Member DuBois' intent was to avoid the year-long process to
implement an RPP Program.

Council Member Burt felt "may" did not prescribe an exact sequence of
events. When the item returned, he could probably be persuaded that the
parking could be adequately addressed onsite if it were not for the huge
office bonus.     The Council would have some discretionary judgment
regarding what was permissible for parking below the standard. He did not
understand the Applicant's statement that they were looking for as much
residential as possible. There was a huge difference between the permitted
number of residential units and the proposed number. He did not view it as
approaching a net benefit.      Depending on how it was calculated, the
proposed project in comparison to one under existing CS Zoning was a huge
imbalance between jobs created and housing units created. The project
provided a net gain of six residential units to offset the creation of 86 jobs.
Depending on the size of the units, a project built to existing CS Zoning
would be closer to a balance between jobs created and residential units
created.

Mr. Schwab explained that the Applicant did not utilize the maximum for
residential units. The busy street did not lend itself to a high residential
density. Housing on the first or second floor would be too close to traffic
and, therefore, it was more logical to use the lower levels for commercial
space. The Applicant could have planned smaller units, but there was a
need for family housing. The mix of units provided for different size families
as well as individuals.

Council Member Burt remarked that the design elements of the project were
exceptional for the size of the project.

Council Member Kniss indicated the Council was requesting a great deal of
information. The Council simply was putting the request for approval of the
MND on hold until it had additional information. She was willing to support
the Motion.


                                                                         Page 29 of 39
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 1/26/2015
