                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked if including a pipeline definition similar to the
one in the interim ordinance would resolve the issue.

Council Member Scharff answered yes, as long as the Council then extended
the boundaries.

Mayor Holman requested Council Member Burt suggest language.

Ms. Stump advised that the Council could not pass that, because it was not
noticed; however, the Council could provide direction to Staff. Council
Members appeared to want to signal their intention for zoning changes to
apply to pipeline projects. The Council wanted property owners to be aware
of their intention.

Council Member Burt asked how Staff described the three projects.

Ms. French reported applications for the three projects were on file.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff described them as having filed
applications.

Ms. French indicated the projects had filed applications as opposed to
preliminary applications.

Council Member Burt suggested adding a sentence to the Motion that
pipeline projects that did not have applications on file would be subject to
the terms of the permanent ordinance.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the amount of time needed to
prepare a new ordinance. If it required a year, the applicant would have its
application on file.

Council Member Burt asked if he should have included applications not on
file as of March 2, 2015.

Ms. Gitelman would communicate the Council's desire for retail at that
location to the applicant. The discussion of California Avenue on May 18
would be the appropriate time to signal that pipeline projects would be
subject to the permanent ordinance as of May 18. March 2 was the date the
Council discussed preservation of existing retail uses. The discussion had
moved to requiring retail where it did not exist.

Council Member Burt stated the Council's intent was for a permanent
ordinance to apply to projects that had not filed applications.



04/06/2015                                                              117- 197
