                          TRANSCRIPT
Code violation.     It cuts both ways.    We need greater clarity in both
directions. I want to see us address some of those things. Frankly, we now
have a majority of the Council who is not willing to go through contortions to
try to rationalize something that is not justifiable on a literal basis. I'll be
supporting the motion.

Mayor Holman: We have a motion on the floor. The motion is to deny the
Design Enhancement Exception. Vote on the board please. That passes
with an 8-0-1 vote with Council Member DuBois abstaining.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0-1 DuBois abstaining

Council Member Scharff: I'll move that we certify the Final Environmental
Impact Report and adopt the Resolution of Statement of Overriding
Considerations, a project specific Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting
Program, Attachments C and D.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Scharff, second by Council
Member Berman.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to certify the Final Environmental Impact Report and adopt the
Resolution of Statement of Overriding Considerations, a project specific
Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program.

Council Member Scharff: I know there's been a lot of issues raised with
traffic and other issues, but they're addressed in the EIR, at least all those
questions seem to be addressed as far as I can tell. The one issue is
whether or not we should allow the building to be torn down and make a
finding of overriding concern on that. I've got to say I've had my office on
California Avenue for 16 years. This is one of the ugliest buildings I see.
I've always wondered how buildings like this get preserved.             I now
understand, from sitting up here, that someone says this is an historical
building even though it is such an ugly building. I don't think we should be
preserving this building. I don't think we should be kidding ourselves. A
new building there would be a lot better; therefore, I'm going to support
this. One other thing I wanted to say about the environmental impact stuff.
We have consultants who say this is the result of the traffic analysis. I don't
disagree with Cory on that's a better approach, but that's not the State law
and the way we're looking at the approach right now. We can't do that as
far as I understand. If I’m wrong, step in. That's what I heard; we couldn't
say we want a different traffic model. That would be a problem.

                                                                         Page 90 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
