              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                               Special Meeting
                                                                June 29, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, Filseth, Holman, Kniss arrived at 6:17 P.M.,
            Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:     DuBois

Special Orders of the Day

1.    Recognition of Fire Explorer Madison Valentine and Her Honor of Being
      Selected the Explorer of the Year by the Santa Clara / San Mateo
      Region.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief:      Good evening, Mayor Holman and Honorable
Members of the Council. My name is Eric Nickel, and I'm your Fire Chief.
I'm here to kick off the meeting this evening with some great news and
share a City success story with you and all of our community members
about our community youth. I want to introduce you to our adult and youth
leaders of the Palo Alto Fire Department's Exploring Program and to
recognize Madison Valentine as the Pacific Skyline Peninsula Area Explorer of
the Year. I'd like to have Madison and Adam join me up here for my
comments. First a little bit about our Explorer Post. Our Exploring Program
is open to young men and women from the sixth grade to 20 years old who
have an interest in learning more about a career in fire fighting and
emergency services. We provide a hands-on program that exposes our
participants to many career opportunities, experiences, leadership
opportunities and community service activities. The primary goals of the
program are to help young adults choose a career path within fire and
emergency services and to challenge them to become better community
citizens. As a Fire Explorer they get first-hand experience about what it's
like to be a firefighter, paramedic, EMT in Palo Alto. Nationally, there's over
22,500 Explorer participants and about 1,800 service posts. Some of the
opportunities they get. They get to meet Explorers across the United States.
They get to network with firefighters and also our cadets. The goal of
Exploring is to improve self-confidence, leadership experience. They get fun
and exciting hands-on career opportunities and community service


                                                                       Page 1 of 67
