                         TRANSCRIPT

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part A, “association.”

Council Member DuBois:      Is Staff okay with the timeline of a week for
applications?

Ms. Gitelman: I actually wanted to clarify that. I'm a little concerned that in
a week we're not going to get an applicant pool. Would the Council like us
to bring back the original applicants that were not appointed? I mean
particularly because we've heard—apparently being appointed to this
Committee leaves you open to personal attacks. I don't think people are
going to be rushing in a week to fill in applications and put their names
forward. We'd be happy to either extend that time or really try and market
this or to bring back the applications that were already submitted in the
prior period, which as you know would give you another, I don't know, 40-
something applications if those folks are still interested.

Mr. Keene: Maybe 30. I think you need to do some targeted outreach.
Your criteria said neighborhood diversity, and we did try to get someone
from every neighborhood. I think there was one neighborhood, Leland
Manor, where we didn't appoint somebody. There were a number of
neighborhoods that didn't have any representatives, a number of them in
the south. You need to find a way to get the word out to really encourage
people to apply. I'd look at the map at where you see the gaps not just in
the south, but you also wanted neighborhood diversity. We didn't have
anybody from Greenmeadow apply, for example, and some other pretty
prominent neighborhoods.

Mayor Holman: Does it help if instead of the 25th—the Staff Report, I think,
could be written without the names of applicants, it would seem. If the
application period was left open, it wouldn't be in the packet. If it was left
open until the 27th, is that additional couple of days helpful?

Council Member Berman: I think you'd probably need another week.

Council Member Burt: Can I speak to this issue?

Mayor Holman: Yeah.

Council Member Burt: In response to Director's question of should we
include everybody who wasn't appointed, I think it would be fairly
unmanageable if we're trying to select as a Council from a list of 40
applicants or 50 applicants by then. Many of those applicants are basically
                                                                       Page 129 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
