                          TRANSCRIPT
somebody who does like the project. I'm also worried about something that
brings a lot more jobs than it brings in housing.         I'm worried about
considering a zoning change that would further exacerbate our jobs/housing
imbalance. Actually, my question for Staff is for purely residential zoning in
Palo Alto, what is the largest—without changing our FAR requirements and
without changing our height requirements, what's the highest density
number of residential units we allow? What's our highest RM zoning option?

Mayor Holman: Forty.

Council Member Wolbach: Is it 40? Okay. If it was up to—it's not entirely
up to me obviously. If it was up to me, I'd be looking for ways to put in as
many residential units as you could here, but looking for really creative ways
to say—maybe even a lease agreement if it's legal—people who live there
are not allowed to own a car. There are a lot of people who say, a lot of
millennials especially, I want to have a small apartment, a micro unit and I
don't want to have a car. A lot of people don't believe them. Some
communities have tried it, and I want to see if at some point if there's a
chance to try that. I'd be curious to explore whether that's something that's
doable. I think a residential, low car impact project would make more sense
for the site. This current proposal, I'm not terribly excited about, and I think
that most of my colleagues are probably going to agree on that one.

Mayor Holman: We don't know what the colleagues are going to agree to or
not at this point in time. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: This is a simple question, but probably one that's
reasonably complicated in some way. Hillary, it's really for you. This is PF
zone, which is Pubic Facility. However, even though we have a "let the
buyer beware" with any piece of property, what avenue is there for a
developer if something is PF and do we have any precedent for that in the
past? That you know of.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. I think I'm understanding
your question.

Council Member Kniss: You might say a little about just what PF is and so
forth.

Ms. Gitelman: PF is intended for public facilities. There are a list of uses in
the Zoning Ordinance that are allowed in the PF. The vast majority of them
are only allowed if the site is publicly owned, which this site is not. There
are a couple of uses that are allowed with a use permit on privately owned
parcels. An example is a medical facility with associated research and
development. I'm not quoting it exactly right. There's a very limited suite
                                                                         Page 54 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
