                         TRANSCRIPT
Alto. It's part of our identity, part of our values. This document is not
ready.     I've reviewed it numerous times.       Walter tried very hard to
incorporate our comments; although, most of them show up as footnotes in
this document.      Many of our comments on the Palo Alto Parks and
Recreation Commission had to do with giving value to the habitat
sustenance that trees provide, defining that value. Also we asked for a
better vision statement. This vision statement falls on its face. I cannot say
that so strongly. I tried to understand this vision statement so many times.
It's diffuse, contradictory. It doesn't reflect what Palo Altans are saying
even in their own survey. In their survey data, 81 percent of Palo Altans in
an open-ended question said, "Tees are important to me, because they
provide habitat." That's 80 percent. Only 70 percent said it's because of
property values; although, that's nothing to be ignored. This document does
not get at documenting habitat value that trees provide. It is not ready for
implementation until it does that. A central tenet of the vision statement
needs to be something to do with the importance of ecological management
for our tree system. Unfortunately, despite Walter Passmore and Canopy's
best efforts, they are not experts in this. We need a Study Session to bring
in someone who understands ecological management. Claire from Acterra
was getting at that point. Until that's in this document, this document
doesn't go far enough. It does some things very well. It talks about having
education about what trees are important. It talks about sustainability
issues. It talks about tree equity, tree value, trying to quantitate that trees
are important so we can get money for these tree efforts. We need money.
We need teeth behind this document. It misses out a whole arm of what
trees do. When I wake up in Palo Alto ten years from now, I want to hear
birds in my trees. If we don't look at ecological management, we are going
to have trees that look pretty, provide shade, provide property value to
some extent, but do not get at the heart of our values in this City, which is
to value nature. It comes up loud and strong. We've done a lot of
surveying for our new Parks and Recreation Master Plan, and we hear loud
and clear that people in this City value nature. That did not make it into this
Plan. It's not Walter's fault. He's not knowledgeable enough in ecological
management to integrate that into this study. This Plan needs a paradigm
shift. Goal Number one is very weak. It doesn't deal with native trees. It
deals with nonnative trees. There's a tension in this document about trees
and our urban environment and trees in our open space. The only time we
talk about ecosystem in this document is trees in our open space. Yet, the
document says that we're not talking about trees in our open space. Our
urban canopy in this document is defined as non-open space trees. Nothing
is said about ecosystems for our non-open space trees. That's what needs
to come into this document.           We've asked over and over on our
Commission; we never got it. We ended up focusing on minutiae to make it

                                                                         Page 75 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
