                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: No, I said I wouldn't accept his motion and I
wouldn't accept putting a number in it. You then changed it. I said it pretty
much says that, but if you want to add that, I would accept that.

Council Member Berman: You hurt my feelings.

Council Member Scharff: It's actually a very different motion.

Council Member Wolbach: All right. I'll just ask the seconder I guess.

Mayor Holman: As the amendment stands, it is "in addition to the funding
already requested by Caltrain for other Caltrain improvements." Council
Member Scharff now says he will accept that as an amendment to the
original motion. Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Is that replacing the "separate from other Caltrain
enhancements"?

Mayor Holman: No. He said at the end of that. It's after.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, I think we would get rid of "separate from
other Caltrain enhancements." It's essentially clarifying that. Would that
still be okay with the maker?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I think that's fine.

Mayor Holman: Wouldn't it be "separate from and in addition to"? You're
just losing "other Caltrain enhancements."

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make sure we're not getting too
redundant with all the wordsmithing.

Council Member DuBois: Sorry. I think it should say "15 percent of the
total tax measure" to be clear on what percentage we're talking about.

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. As far as I'm concerned, we can add that
too.

Council Member DuBois: Council Member Scharff, does that make sense?

Mayor Holman: Hang on just a second. "A" would now read ...

Council Member Scharff: I'm waiting for them to finish it.

Mayor Holman: "A" would now read theoretically "countywide Caltrain grade
separations in the order of 15 percent separate from," need to lose the word

                                                                         Page 64 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
