                         TRANSCRIPT
You can also take a look at all the different externalities that would make up
other types of benefits that you could see, kind of the benefits beyond the
balance sheet, per se. What the private sector has a lot of the advantages
in is just their scaling in terms of their installation and electronics, their
purchasing ability, the purchasing power, maintenance contracts, operating
expenses. One big thing like their internet access, you take somebody like
Google and they're probably not paying a whole lot for direct internet
access, where you're probably going to be paying 50 to 75 cents per
megabit.

Ms. Hovis: When it comes to a summary of our recommendations, I should
start by saying that given the parameters of what we were asked to do by
City Staff which was to evaluate the feasibility of a municipal fiber to the
home network. When I say feasibility, it's ability to sustain itself on a
standalone basis, as a standalone enterprise. Our recommendation in that
regard would be to understand that if you go forward, we think that the
required revenues and the required share of the market that you would have
to achieve is virtually unattainable. That doesn't mean that the network
wouldn't deliver enormous value to the community; it certainly would. It's
going to entail a cost to the community as well. We don't believe, based on
our experience, that it would pay for itself.             Our next set of
recommendations would be around looking at some of these substantial
advantages that you have, including the existing dark fiber network, the
long-term view in fiber as a long-term investment, operational capabilities
around fiber maintenance and so on, and to consider exploring partnerships
where the City would focus on the fiber infrastructure as a means of
achieving its policy goals while sharing some of that risk with a private
sector partner. To that end, there is a recommendation in the report where
we suggest developing a Request for Information or Proposal to explore
exactly that model or other kinds of related models around public-private
partnerships, where the City could share risk while still achieving all the
benefits of the network. A Request for Information, in our experience, is a
mechanism by which to engage the private sector, learn a lot about private
interests in the market and enable the City to develop further information
about this opportunity. Given the ongoing discussions with Google and the
fact that Google has not yet made a public announcement about what it is
planning to do in Palo Alto or in this whole region and the fact that there is
construction proposed by AT&T and upgrades likely by Comcast, this may be
a strategy that you wish to hold off on for a few more months to see how
the market develops and to determine internally whether the private sector
is through coming investment potentially enabling the City to meet some of
the policy goals of this initiative.    Moving on quickly to the wireless
evaluation that we did. We looked at the potential for a range of different

                                                                       Page 17 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
