                          TRANSCRIPT
did you call it? Not a private piece of property or you called it not a public
piece of property. It is not public; it is a private piece of property. I'd be
interested in knowing what the parameters are to that. Have we dealt with
this before? Have we dealt with a developer who has bought a PF piece of
property? I don't think we have a lot of PF in our City, that I can think of. I
don't know whether or not the soccer fields became PF or not. Did they?

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Kniss, we would really have to research that
question. We do have quite a bit of—depending on how you think about PF
zoning. The parking garages and the parking lots in Downtown and Cal.
Ave. are generally zoned PF. (crosstalk)

Council Member Kniss: That are ours?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, they're City owned. We would have to do ...

Council Member Kniss: They're really public.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We would have to do a more thorough analysis
to determine whether there are any privately owned and used PF parcels.

Council Member Kniss: Good. That would be a question that I would have.
I think we're all somewhat intrigued by the idea of intense housing there,
because we know the demand for housing in our community. I would think
that might be one avenue that someone might want to pursue. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, you had a wrapping comment?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. Actually just a couple of quick things. In
our Citizens Survey, there's a final question which was an open-ended
question, what one change could the City make that would make Palo Alto
residents happier.      I didn't count up the number of people who said
something about traffic flow and transportation.           Eighty-one people
answered something along the lines of more housing, more affordable
housing, more housing supply, something to address the cost of housing.
That's part of the context that brings me to be wondering where can we find
housing anywhere in Palo Alto and encouraging developers to focus on that
as a primary go-to. A couple of us have mentioned it tonight and we've
heard people mention it in the past, and perhaps it wouldn't be applicable to
this particular site, but the question of how we at least have a conversation
about, a serious conversation, whether it's Council, PTC, Comp Plan CAC,
about a zoning that maybe allows ground-floor retail, maintains our FAR
requirements, maintains our height limits, but doesn't constrain the number
of units. We could encourage the smaller units, the studios, etc., that
people really need rather than doing what we do today which is incentivize
                                                                        Page 63 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
