                         TRANSCRIPT
meeting was to look at an alternative approach. We prepared an Agenda
Item for the 29th at your direction that will look at the same historical
information that Council Member DuBois is referring to. We'll give the
Council a couple of options including the option reflecting your motion from
last week to cap the fee, make it a flat fee that is lower than the current
base fee for rezonings.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, does that satisfy your question?

Council Member DuBois: It does. I would like to make a motion, so we
probably need people to recuse themselves.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be recusing myself for this portion of the
discussion about the budget, because it addresses single-story overlay. We
are having ongoing discussions about whether that requires my recusal. Out
of an abundance of caution, I will step out.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I live in a neighborhood that might be involved, and so
will recuse myself.

Council Member DuBois: Based on this information that no one's ever paid a
fee, it's unusual that we're going to start charging a fee. I want to see if
there's an appetite to replace our second motion from June 8th with
something that says there will be no fees for single-story overlay
applications.

Council Member Kniss: I would second it.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to remove fees for Single Story Overlay applications from the budget.

Ms. Stump: Madam Mayor, may I interject? This is a policy item, and it's
not agendized before the Council tonight. What's before you is the budget.
If you're looking at allocating funds or not appropriating funds, those are
appropriate items. A policy change should be agendized so that the public
has a chance to come. We also do have two Council Members who we do
need to ask more detailed questions about what aspects of this type of item
they could participate in. We have not had an opportunity to do that and
weren't aware that the item would be raised again tonight.

Council Member DuBois: Could I specify that there are no funds in the
budget allocated for this or planned for this?

Ms. Stump: The Council could do that as a budget matter.


                                                                     Page 22 of 145
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/15/15
