                          TRASNCRIPT
Feldt to be followed by Pat Markevitch and then Herb Borock. You'll each
have three minutes. Thank you.

Alexandra Von Feldt: Thank you. Good evening, counselors. I'm with
Acterra, and I'm their program director for our land stewardship program.
Over the years, I think I've spoken with most of you up here. Over the
years, we've been working with thousands of residents and volunteers to
help restore Palo Alto's open spaces and parks including Arastradero
Preserve, Foothills Park and San Francisquito Creek.              We actually
participated in the walk that the Assistant City Manager mentioned, and we
found our sites for our coastal clean-up day that will come in October. I'm
speaking tonight in favor of the Parks and Rec Commission recommendation
as well as the Staff Report. We participated in several of the meetings that
Daren outlined as well as the site visits. They took a lot of different views
into consideration and really deliberated on this decision. We also support
the hydrology study as hopefully the first step to restore Buckeye Creek.
We see a lot of value in it, not only from the habitat restoration but also it'll
help improve groundwater recharge and help with flood attenuation in the
park. We realize that the long-term vision, if we do restore the creek, will
probably have an impact on Acterra's nursery. We couldn't stay where we
are now, but we feel like the benefit is worth it. We've had such a good
working relationship with the City of Palo Alto, we think that we'd be able to
work with the Staff to find a more appropriate location in the future. Thank
you.

Pat Markevitch, Parks and Recreation Commissioner: Good evening, Council
Members, Mayor. I was a member of the ad hoc committee for the 7.7
acres. This was a fun project to work on. We had a lot of public outreach.
We had some pretty interesting ideas for that use. I think there was even
somebody who wanted to put horses in there and play (inaudible) for kids.
It was getting pretty crazy. We landed on our recommendation because
there were a number of limitations to the parcel. There's no on-site utilities.
We can't be within a certain amount of feet of Buckeye Creek. There is the
overburdened soil. I say to my friends that that parcel of land actually
makes my front lawn look good, because it's so bad. We recommend—again
I'll just reiterate it—that we move forward with the hydrological study,
because that will drive the decision on what you want to do with the parcel.
It's very important that we have a yearly lease for Acterra to coincide with
completion of the hydrologic study. You heard about that earlier. Also, to
keep it closed until the study is complete, because there are some places in
there that are just not safe. There's culverts and small children could fall in
and they're not gated off. It's just for safety reasons we need to keep that
closed for now. It's cost prohibitive to do some of the things that people
want to do. One was mentioned to move the maintenance yard to the back
                                                                         Page 49 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
