                           TRANSCRIPT
State or the Federal level that we'd hoped for. The hearing that Julie
referred to was very encouraging.          That was our own Assemblyman's
hearing last week here. His Select Committee on Recycling and Reuse met,
and this was the main thing they heard, the need for what Julie called
extended producer responsibility, meaning either take this stuff back or
don't produce it in the first place. I think our Assemblyman is going to try to
take the comments from that hearing and a series of hearings he's holding
and see if we can't have some statewide producer responsibility legislation in
the last year of his involvement in this. I'm hopeful.

Mayor Holman: I have my own quick follow-up to that too. Last year I
believe it was, there was a retailer who has an outlet here in Palo Alto, who
delivered to a wide breadth of Palo Alto homes a stack of catalogs. There
got to be a campaign online that those catalogs were delivered to the store,
because people really objected to getting that much paper delivered. I'm
not suggesting that you deliver all of that Styrofoam to HP, but if you
wanted to, it really could send a message. I really appreciate what Staff is
doing here. It is also a matter of buyer responsibility. Maybe ask those
questions ahead of time too, and see if there are options to the packaging
that comes with a delivery. Back in order here, Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Madam Mayor. We put 21 Council
chambers full of that stuff in our landfill every year? Or last year?

Ms. Weiss: Last year.

Council Member Berman: That's a lot. I happened to notice—following up
on Vice Mayor Schmid's comments. I don't buy a lot of stuff at all or online,
but the stuff that I do buy has started to come in those foam pillows, I think
you mentioned. Have we had any problems with those, which are also very
light and kind of small and could be at risk of kind of flying away similar to
plastic bags? Have we seen any increase in those getting caught in our
recycling plants or in our Bays or storms?

Ms. Weiss: I think he's referring to plastic film pillows that are inflatable.

Council Member Berman: Which are recyclable, but might fly away if people
don't recycle them properly just like some of these plastic bags.

Ms. Weiss: I don't think we've seen a lot of those in our creeks.

Council Member Berman: Following up on Council Member DuBois' concern
about the egg cartons. I got a voice mail from somebody at the California
Grocers' Association, and he left me a voicemail. The one thing he called out
was the egg cartons. We played phone tag and never connected. We
                                                                              Page 64 of 71
                                                               City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                        Transcript 11/9/15
