                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We could decide later if we wanted to remove it or not.
That's the Council as a whole decision. Right now, we don't need to have
great debate on whether to keep it or not.

Council Member Scharff: I think we sort of do and sort of don't. I actually
think that—where I was thinking about is I was really trying to inform my
decision on this. I don't want to make the decision tonight, whether or not
we should retain Policy C-28. I want it to be informed by the discussion that
comes up. I see no urgency to make that decision. One of our Council
Members, I actually think it was Council Member Burt, in one of our previous
discussions when something similar came up, if we don't have to make the
decision tonight on that issue, why put it into the policy right now? Why not
wait, get that information? I would say let's defer that discussion of whether
or not we should retain Policy C-28 until we have the information on the
Parks Master Plan. I haven't heard any reason why we can't do that.
Therefore, I guess I would offer an amendment that we defer the decision of
whether to retain Policy C-28. I'm happy to have the CAC to discuss policy
focus on planning development of Cubberley Community, but I would like to
make that amendment.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion Part F, “defer decision whether to.”
Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: If I could just clarify with Staff. I think I
understood and I think members of the public misunderstood. When I read
the Staff Report, I guess, the implication I got was that we were removing
C-28 and moving it to the Parks Master Plan.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the opportunity to clarify that. We were
actually just saying let's look at updating the policy as part of the Parks
Master Plan. We weren't saying remove it or retain. We're just saying we
have park experts. They're focused on the parks issues. Let's let them do
their thing and inform the ultimate disposition of this policy.

Council Member DuBois: Right. I was definitely confused. I think at least
one of the speakers said it should be in both documents. I think that's all
we're saying. Again, in my original motion I just didn't say anything about
C-28, assuming it would stay there. Again, I don't know that we need to say
we defer. Do we need to say anything? Do we just ...

Mayor Holman: Do you accept the amendment or not?

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can interject one more thought?

                                                                       Page 66 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
