                            MINUTES
12.   Adoption of Corrected Resolution 9499 entitled “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto of the Council Ordering Weed Nuisance
      Abated.”

13.   Confirmation of Appointment of Suzanne Mason as Assistant City
      Manager and Approval of Employment Agreement.

14.   Adoption of a Contract Amendment with Val Security and a Budget
      Amendment Ordinance 5317 entitled “Budget Amendment Ordinance
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in the Amount of $175,000 to
      Increase the Project Safety Net Fund and Decrease the Stanford
      Medical Center Development Agreement Fund.”

15.   Appeal of the Planning and Community Environment Director's
      Architectural Review Approval of a 31,407 s.f., Four Story, Mixed Use
      Building With Parking Facilities on Two Subterranean Levels Requested
      by Ken Hayes Architects, Inc. on Behalf of Kipling Post LP to Replace
      Two One-story Commercial/Retail Buildings on an 11,000 s.f. Site in
      the Downtown Commercial (CD-C (GF)(P)) Zone District Located at
      429 University Avenue.

16.   Approval of a Contract Amendment with Genuent USA, LLC, Intratek
      Computer, Inc., Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC, GTC Systems, Inc.,
      Modis, Inc., Bodhtree Solutions, Inc. and Signature Technology Group,
      Inc. For IT Temporary Staffing Support Services in a Total Amount Not
      to Exceed $650,000 Per Fiscal Year for All Seven Contracts.

MOTION PASSED FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 4-14, 16: 8-0 DuBois
absent

Mr. Keene reported the Council affirmed appointment of Suzanne Mason as
Assistant City Manager. The City Charter required Council affirmation of
many high-level Staff appointments.

Suzanne Mason was honored to have been selected as Assistant City
Manager and looked forward to working with the Council, Staff, and
residents. She was committed to working to preserve and improve the high
quality of life City residents knew and expected. For more than 30 years,
she had worked in varied roles in local government. She looked forward to
living and working in Palo Alto for years to come.

Action Items

17.   TEFRA HEARING: Regarding Conduit Financing for the Stevenson
      House Project, Located at 455 East Charleston Road, Palo Alto, and

04/06/2015                                                           117- 172
