                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: it was slipped in.

Mr. Teresi: There was another one that was done specifically for the San
Francisquito watershed. That's not in your packet; I will send it to you. It,
of course, had the link to the new website. It had a pictorial on how to use
sandbags and lots of really good, useful information specific to San
Francisquito Creek. I will make sure you all have a copy of that in the
morning.

Mr. Keene: If I might just add to that. I've just been through a number of
these bad sort of situations, disaster situations. I can, one, assure you that
we will not handle this anything like 1998. I don't know what happened, but
certainly there was lots and lots of complaints, and I've heard about it.

Council Member Kniss: Lawsuits as well.

Mr. Keene: Right. Fortunately, we have a lot more communication channels
in this era than we had in 1998. Even all the advance work that we're doing
right now, that's not what ultimately really matters. When it starts raining
like crazy, that's when we've got to adapt and gear up and be nonstop and
use absolutely every communication channel. That means we've got to be
on listserv; we've got to be on Nextdoor; we've got the alert SEC systems;
we've got to be engaging with the media. We'll have to make our own
website way more active. Also it really means there has to be nonstop
leadership on our part to be out there paying attention and communicating
and talking about what we're getting out and what we're missing. I think
that the channels to be able to communicate back to the City about what's
missing are also better now than they were then. We would expect that the
community would actually get engaged in sharing information about where
problems are and how we can push that out. I assure you we will not sleep
as long as it's raining.

Council Member Kniss: I'm glad to hear. I think that will make an
enormous difference to the community. I think we may think everyone
really knows what's happening, but there are a number of people who still
really don't use social media. It may even come down to blowing a whistle
when it gets bad enough. I'm glad to blow the whistle.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a quick comment. I know a good portion of the
people of Palo Alto every night go outside and say, "Maybe it'll rain
tomorrow. I hope, I hope." To have a session like tonight, where we're
talking about the opposite, the dangers of flood, a couple of months before it
might happen, the sense of preparation that's going on, the commitment to
                                                                       Page 41 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
