                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I noticed last year or the year before, at some
point since I've been on Council, we approved the We Fix Macs site. That
had some amount of office and R&D; it was mostly residential and a similar
amount of retail and then office/R&D. How come that's not indicated here?

Ms. Gitelman: I would have to check. My guess is that there was some
existing office use onsite, so it netted out. I can look at that and get back to
you.

Mayor Holman: I have just a few questions. Is a project application
complete if the environmental analysis is outstanding?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm remembering back to how we characterized this issue in
the Staff Report. I think we said that an application could be complete, and
that's when the environmental analysis would begin. There's this other term
we use that talks about readiness. That would mean that the environmental
review document has been prepared and is ready for action. A decision-
making or recommending body could take action on the project. We used
both of those terms to characterize the pipeline.

Mayor Holman: I didn't catch that. An application is complete prior to
environmental analysis being complete.

Ms. Gitelman: Correct.

Ms. Silver: If I could weigh in on that. Under the Permit Streamlining Act,
which is a concern in growth control metering, the Permit Streamlining Act
looks at two different phases. One is the project application completeness,
and that does not include the environmental. The second phase of the
Permit Streamlining Act is that once the environmental review is completed,
then the Permit Streamlining Act has a second set of time periods that the
Council has to act on.

Mayor Holman: The pipeline projects, the list on packet page 922. Akin to
Council Member Kniss' questions, it would be important to know what the
incremental increase is on these projects. Also, there was a speaker tonight
who mentioned a project that isn't on this list, on Cambridge.           I'm
wondering if there are other projects that ...

Ms. Gitelman: I'd be happy to clarify this. All of the projects listed on this
table, the numbers shown are the net new square footage. These are net
numbers.

Mayor Holman: I see that now. I'm sorry.


                                                                         Page 47 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
