                    ACTION MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Making Permanent the
      Interim Measures to Eliminate Certain Parking Exemptions Within
      Downtown by Amending Municipal Code Chapters 18.18, Downtown
      Commercial (CD) District and 18.52, Parking and Loading
      Requirements; the Planning and Transportation Commission
      Recommended Adoption.

Public Hearing opened at 10:39 P.M.

Public Hearing closed at 10:45 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to adopt an Ordinance to amend PAMC Chapters 18.18, Downtown
Commercial (CD) District, and 18.52 (Parking and Loading Requirements), to
permanently eliminate certain parking exemptions within the downtown area
previously adopted by Council via Interim Ordinance No. 5214 that will
otherwise “sunset” on November 4, 2015 with the following modifications:

A.    Section 1, Subsection I. “Unless a new ordinance is adopted to
      permanently establish these provisions, these zoning code
      amendments shall ‘sunset’ on November 4, 2015;” and

B.    Section 4, Subsection (4), “however, square footage which was
      developed for nonresidential purposes or which has been used for
      nonresidential purposes but which is not used for such purposes due to
      vacancy at the time of the engineer's report shall be included in the
      amount of floor area qualifying for this exemption. No exemption from
      parking requirements shall be available where a residential use
      changes to a nonresidential use, except pursuant to subsection (2).”

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Resolution 9551 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Combating Human Trafficking, Including Staff Training, Assistance
      in Identifying Vulnerable Populations and Legislative Advocacy.”

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
adopt a Resolution indicating our support for combatting human trafficking,


                                                                           Page 6 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 10/5/15
