                          TRANSCRIPT
      Amending the Zoning Map to Rezone the Area From R-1 Single Family
      Residential and R-1 (7,000) to R-1(S) and R-1(7,000)(S) Single Family
      Residential With Single Story Overlay. Environmental Assessment:
      Exempt From the California Environmental Quality Act per Section
      15305.

Mayor Holman: We now move to the Action Items. Our first item is Item
Number 6, adoption of an ordinance establishing a single-story overlay
district for 83 homes within the Los Arboles Tract by amending the Zoning
Map to rezone the area from R-1 single-family residential and R-1 (7,000) to
R-1(S) and R-1 (7,000)(S) single-family residential with single-story overlay.
Does Staff have a presentation please?

Amy French, Chief Planning Official: Only a brief one. The Los Arboles
homeowners request a single-story overlay rezoning of 83 homes, an Eichler
homes tract. On the screen is the proposed boundary for the single-story
overlay within the original 85-home boundary of the Los Arboles Tract. The
Planning Commission and Staff support this request which meets the
eligibility criteria to initiate a standard single-story overlay zone. Those are
that the signatures of support come from 70 percent of the included
properties which has been met; and the 80 percent of the homes in the
boundary are one-story homes. The applicant is present and would like to
illustrate this neighborhood with a few photos. That concludes my report.

Mayor Holman: That does conclude the Staff presentation, brief albeit. We
have but one speaker card, which is Rebecca Thompson, the applicant. You
have comments to make. A question quickly for the City Attorney. It's a
speaker to this item but also is the applicant. Does a three-minute rule
apply or an applicant rule apply?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Mayor Holman, these are a little bit different. I
think we ended up deciding that these were for fee payment purposes
initiated perhaps by citizens, but to be considered a City item. There's not
an appeal. I would recommend that everybody receive three minutes. It
should be sufficient to address the item.

Public Hearing opened at 7:07 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Rebecca Thompson (crosstalk) three
minutes.

Rebecca Thompson, Applicant: I've prepared something that's four minutes,
so I'll try and speak quickly. My name is Rebecca Thompson, and I'm here
tonight representing the Los Arboles neighborhood of community. Quite a
few people are here representing our neighborhood. We're here to ask that
                                                                            Page 12 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
