                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. What was the question?

Mr. Keene: What is the height limit?

Council Member Filseth: On California Avenue.

Mayor Holman: On California Avenue ...

Mr. Keene: the zoned height limit.

Mayor Holman: ... it's CC(2) zoning and I believe it's 50 feet on California
Avenue. I think.

Mr. Eggleston: If it's the same as the areas that we're investigating here, it
would be 50 feet with the height limited to 35 feet if it's within, I believe,
150 feet of any residential use.

Council Member Filseth: Got it. I'm just ...

Mayor Holman: Molly, do you mind looking that up? Do you mind? It's the
CC(2) zoning on Cal. Ave. Do you have another question while she's looking
that up, Eric?

Council Member Filseth: I'm just wondering are we going to see California
Avenue, some canyonization of California Avenue. If we have 50-foot
buildings going up in the area, are we eventually going to see the same
thing along California Avenue? That's the larger question. That's why I
asked.

Mayor Holman: If you don't have any other questions, we'll ask City
Attorney to report back on that in a minute. I have a couple or three
questions, comments about both the Public Safety Building and the parking
garage. It says on page 1 that you're looking for approval to go ahead with
the design work and the environmental work. Other places I saw, it looked
like it was just proceeding with the design work on one and not the other.
I'm presuming you're going to do the design work on both at the same time.

Mr. Sartor: Yes, we would.

Mayor Holman: I'm also interested in how you're going to go about
selecting designers. Sometimes I know with some projects—City Manager
and I have had conversations about this and other people have to, about
how we get really good design here on our projects, how we really go about
doing that. What kind of outreach are you looking to do on trying to attract
maybe some new and creative architects to these projects?

                                                                       Page 97 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
