                          TRANSCRIPT
and the engagement of stakeholders that's necessary in order to deliver a
project is, quite frankly, a bit of a challenge in the Palo Alto environment.
Finding both the right people and the right timing for reinforcing that
discipline throughout the life cycle both of specific projects as well as given
the number of projects that we're going to be delivering over the next few
years. The ability to look at it as a program. We've talked about the single
position that's being proposed to be added. It is a bit of an overlay to
connect the Project Managers with the program as a whole. To track the
schedules. Where are you with—we've talked about the mantra of scope,
schedule and budget as really the three foundational pillars of project
management, and needing to keep an eye on each one of those as integral
parts of a whole. That applies at a project level, but it also applies for the
overall program, to keep pushing forward on a project. It does require a
mantra. It requires a discipline to keep the projects moving forward in order
to get them delivered in a timeframe that works.

Council Member Berman left the meeting at 7:12 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you to colleagues.

Mr. Keene: Could I just ask a question?

Mayor Holman: Yes, Jim.

Mr. Keene: I'm sorry. I'm not putting Council Member Scharff on the spot.
Were the concerns that he was articulating—does that resonate with the
Council? Ensuring that we have adequate enough Staff because we're
talking about a whole series of projects. Many of them are different, of
course.   Actually having a way to be managing and integrating the
management and the consistency of those things is also important. I just
want to get a sense of that. Yes? I'm trying to engender ...

Mayor Holman: I have questions and comments about that very topic too.

Mr. Keene: Let me just throw something out that's just an alternative as we
get into this if we don't find that we can get the right capacity by
segmenting out construction management expertise. This worked for us
great when I was in Berkeley. We had as many or more projects than this.
We rebuilt a new Public Safety Building through a design/build process. We
completely rebuilt City Hall. We built the new main library. We rebuilt three
or four libraries. We built one new fire station and rebuilt three or four. It
was all part of the big seismic thing. Ultimately, the only thing that really
worked for me was to bring on one extremely high-level, capable, capital
projects construction manager with years of experience and also an onsite
kind of associate who also was a hard negotiator. Particularly when you're
                                                                         Page 22 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
