                          TRANSCRIPT
concerned, I think, about the public notice portion of just putting it on the
website. I also, I think, liked the idea from the audience and from Council
Member Wolbach of following up with Consent. If there was a process that
posted it more broadly, I think in the traditional way, kind of using postcards
and also the website, maybe Nextdoor, and there's a 14-day appeal process
and then it was approved for that applicant, but then maybe as these came
through, it would go on Consent and it would just become approved before it
becomes kind of codified, if you will. That's on interpretations. On the ADA
language, the Staff summary was good. I wasn't sure that the legal
language actually says what we want.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. If you can just direct us to a page.

Council Member DuBois: It's on page 7 of Attachment A, "b," kind of the
second sentence. It says for the purposes of this section, disability-related
upgrades are limited to the minimum extent necessary. It seemed like the
intent was really more about a delta between, say, a non-ADA bathroom and
then an ADA bathroom. I actually thought maybe some delta language
there would clarify what that means.

Mr. Lait: If this is an appropriate time, we were noodling some other
language for that minimum extent necessary. Can I read some language
that would replace that as a possibility?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. Lait: This would pick up on that new underlined section where it says
"for the purposes of this." Just for clarity, we're on packet page 263 at the
top of the page, "b." It says ...

Mayor Holman: Jonathan, it might be good also to say it's ordinance page 7.
Some of us are looking at different things.

Mr. Lait: Thank you. Ordinance page 7. The underlined section that begins
with, the second line, "for the purposes of this section." We would add a
comma. "For the purposes of this section, disability-related upgrades are
limited to the incremental square footage necessary to accommodate
disability access." Striking "minimum extent necessary," and picking up
from there. Does that better reflect your interest?

Council Member DuBois: That gets to exactly my (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Could you repeat it one more time please, Jonathan?



                                                                        Page 54 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
