                          TRANSCRIPT
does not abut 441 Page Mill Road. Of course, Ash Street needs to provide
parking and loading for Ash Street and probably now for the other
businesses on Page Mill Road that will be losing the on-street parking there.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members. You provided this
applicant a windfall profit when you rezoned the property from R-1 to CS.
Rather than being grateful and accepting that, the applicant wants more.
Perhaps the simplest thing to do is to reverse your action and rezone it back
to R-1. I don't believe there should be any parking reduction for the two
uses. If this is a project where the residents are going to be using the train,
they will still need cars for other uses than their commute. They will leave
those cars at the project during the workday. There won't be places for the
employees to park. There's already a reduction in the parking for the
residential units due to the State Density Bonus Law. There should not be a
Design Enhancement Exception along the Page Mill frontage for planting
trees. The applicant should be required to plant trees and, if necessary to
make those trees survive, pay to move the utilities. There is no justification
in the Zoning Code for a Design Enhancement Exception because it costs too
much to do something, which is essentially what Staff says about moving
the utilities. The history of the project is that the preliminary ARB hearing
was held for a project about the same time that Staff was making its original
recommendations to the Planning Commission for the concessions in the
State Density Bonus Law. The applicant stated at the ARB preliminary
hearing that they were designing a project to meet those concessions.
Those weren't concessions that were adopted by the City Council. The
applicant has spent all this time until the Council finally adopted its
implementation ordinance designing a project for something the Council had
not adopted yet. In terms of floor area ratio, which are the concessions that
are being used, the total square footage allowed was up to the BMR unit
square footage which is 4,670 square feet. None of it under the Council's
adopted ordinance could apply to the commercial zoning. The total square
footage is almost double in the proposal. In terms of calculating the
applicant's cost of the BMR units, the appropriate way to do it is to do it the
way the BMR program was originally set up. The for-profit project stood on
its own, and the BMR units were something in addition. The prices of those
were set at the cost to cover the direct construction costs of those additional
BMR units. When you make that analysis, there's no reason to adopt the
project in its current form.

Lydia Kou: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. To the
applicant, thank you for including residential units in this project. It's very
much appreciated. However, this development causes traffic and parking
concerns, in particular the negative impacts that it will cause to the Ventura
neighborhoods and even to the Mayfield neighborhoods. The development's
                                                                       Page 117 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
