                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: For me, this really comes down to whether or not
it's worth the $50,000 to open this up, given that we're probably going to
have it closed for somewhere between five and ten years otherwise. I could
be wrong; obviously we could get it open earlier. Having been in Palo Alto,
I'm guessing we're probably north of that five years. There was a lot of
interest in this 7.7 acres by the community. I think that weighs to giving
people access to it. I hear that the fencing, we may be able to reuse it. If
that's the case, we're not wasting the money on that part. I'm pretty sure
we can reuse the benches. We may even be able to use some of the trail; I
don't know. I'd like people to be able to see it. I think it's important to
open it to the public and to get it out there. Otherwise, it just won't be. I'm
going to support the amendment.

Council Member Burt: I will be open to considering this action a year from
now when we have the hydrology report. I just think it's premature at this
time. I'd love to be able to use it as soon as possible. I'm one of the people
who would probably use it pretty regularly, but I just think this is a
premature action. I want to see the hydrology report and begin to get
closer to an understanding of where we might be heading. I do think it will
be useful to allow the public access to it before we've implemented the full
plan. I'm going to be open to that consideration in a year.

Council Member Wolbach:          Actually, I wanted to ask any of the
Commissioners present if they have any additional thoughts they'd like to
weigh in on this. I'm currently not supportive of the amendment. I
understand from the Staff Report, Staff and the Commission are not in favor
of this option. I just wanted to ask if either member of the Commission has
any further comments to add as far as why they're not supportive of that
alternative recommendation.

Keith Reckdahl, Parks and Recreation Commission Chair: I do see the
benefit of having access to it. I guess I would come down to we don't have
an infinite budget. If we could make the fencing and be assured that we
wouldn't be wasting a lot of money, if the fencing would be reused, then I
could be persuaded to support the fencing. If we're going to be putting up
fencing and it wouldn't be used down the road, then I'm not quite as
confident that I'd support that.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm going to have to agree with Council Member
Burt. I think this is premature. I'm going to stick with the original motion
and oppose the amendment.

Mayor Holman: Let me also recognize Commissioner Crommie who is here.


                                                                        Page 58 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
