                          TRANSCRIPT
conference a couple of years ago. Also, Austin, I don't know how far along
Austin is or what problems. What I'm saying is for cities, what we really
need to know is what problems have people already run into, what kinds of
things can we learn from before we get into this in such a way that we're in
lawsuits and we're being challenged in such a way that, as you said, if it's
not for the faint of heart, then it takes a great deal of knowledge ahead of
time in order to combat that.

Ms. Hovis: In the Kansas City region and Austin, we haven't seen legal
challenges because it's really a private investment model, not a public-
private partnership. That term is ...

Council Member Kniss: Right, just Google.

Ms. Hovis: ... sometimes applied in a sort of soft way, but it's a partnership
in the sense that everybody's working toward the same goals, which is
better service and so on, but there's no real formal partnership or financial
relationship of that sort. I think that there—obviously there are challenges
in any major construction project. Those cities and Google are learning how
to work together. I certainly think that those cities see this as a net
positive.

Council Member Kniss: Not as a partnership?

Ms. Hovis: It's not a formal partnership in that sense. In Kansas City,
Kansas, and Austin, which are public utilities, Google is using public poles as
they presumably would here if they built here. That's the same kind of
relationship that any entity attaching to your poles would have with you.
It's not the kind of partnership where we talked about sort of these shared
risk models where public sector and private sector both potentially put in
capital or share capital and operating risk and so on. We are in very early
stages of seeing these new models emerge. It's only really been a handful
of years of this new creativity and new opportunities emerging. Part of it, to
Google's credit, is that they have stimulated this new creativity and interest
and excitement about this infrastructure. To Palo Alto's credit, you were 15
years ahead of the rest of the country which kind of got this once Google
started doing it, but you've been looking at it for much longer than that. We
don't have formulas for what every partnership is going to look like or how
this is going to emerge. It's very early days in terms of deployment of next
generation infrastructure in the United States. As the Council Member said,
it's 2 percent of the country so far is fortunate enough to have a third
provider.

                                                                        Page 35 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
