                          TRANSCRIPT
that we create elements like that that significantly increase the vibrancy and
the attractiveness of that street. We're going to have a nice plaza at the
end of the street, but that's a little different from in the street. Most of us
know Laurel Street in San Carlos. They have a little mini-park that is
probably 4,000 square feet, and it is the difference in that entire shopping
district. I don't want to lose sight of the urban design elements to that as
well. My final point is that as we look at the retail on the core versus the
marginal areas, we may want to look at two tiers of definitions of retail. I
don't think that we want to have a whole bunch of nail salons right on Cal.
Ave. or University. Those second tiers, like Cambridge, may be the places
where we want those services that are not what create the vitality to a retail
district, but we want to allow them to be permissible in a walking,
pedestrian-oriented area so people get services and are able to walk to
them. We need to again look at these two different definitions of retail, one
more expansive than the other. The more restrictive one is what we use in
our core retail areas. Those are the themes. I'll wait until later to see how
to fold them into a Motion.

Council Member DuBois: I'm the Council liaison to the Cal. Ave. Merchants
Association. We have had several discussions, and Jonathan's been great.
He's been at some of those on a lot of these issues. On the boundaries, I'd
like to see expanding the retail district to Cambridge. I mentioned before,
we should pay attention to El Camino and consider that as part of the Cal.
Ave. shopping district. I would go fairly far on El Camino, like Page Mill to
Stanford Avenue, but definitely right around Cal. Ave. There's the question
of Sherman. It's been discussed a little bit that if we were to put garages on
Sherman, it would be interesting to have maybe shallow retail facing the
street on Sherman. In our discussions with the Merchants Association, that
was an idea that people like, half of Sherman, not the other side which is
primarily office and medical already, but bringing some retail, and then all
the alleys in between, say, Sherman and Cambridge. If you do that, you
allow space for these second tiers of retail. The market will take a lot of
that. The central Cal. Ave. will be more expensive, and potentially be
cheaper on the edges. I too would like to see us find a way to not allow
continuation of nonconforming uses, however we can do that. I've already
expressed concerns about 18.16.050. One of the exceptions, Exception 5,
can be interpreted that if you redevelop a building and you add more
ground-floor square footage than you had before, the additional square
footage can be office. I don't think that's what we meant by that. If you're
redeveloping and you're building out the building larger, we want all of it to
be retail on the ground floor. I'm concerned about this part of the Code.
Also, Number 6 talks about a coordinated plan which Cal. Ave. is. If parts of
it allow non-retail on the ground floor, that would apply as an exception. In
terms of types of uses, I'm toying with the idea of some percentage
                                                                         Page 58 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
