                              MINUTES
Council Member Filseth felt the Water District was working diligently to
construct an argument for providing a benefit to Palo Alto; however, there
was no benefit to Palo Alto.

Council Member DuBois requested an explanation of the rebate for south
Santa Clara County.

Mr. Fiedler explained that as part of the cost of services analysis, the Water
District reviewed an offset for State Water Project tax revenue collected in
south Santa Clara County. The Water District showed that as a credit in
setting the rate for south Santa Clara County.

Council Member DuBois asked if the revenue collected was tax revenue.

Mr. Fiedler responded yes. The tax revenue was collected countywide on
parcels eligible to pay the tax. In performing the cost of service analysis to
determine the groundwater charge for south Santa Clara County, the Water
District factored in the amount of State Water Project tax revenue collected
from south Santa Clara County.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the cost incurred in Palo Alto was
different from the cost incurred in south Santa Clara County.

Mr. Fiedler reported those who pumped from the groundwater basin in south
Santa Clara County paid a lower rate as a result of crediting the State Water
Project tax. Again, north Santa Clara County benefited when they pumped
water.

Mr. Keene inquired whether the Water District credited the amount of State
Water Project tax collected from south Santa Clara County against the retail
sales costs for south Santa Clara County citizens.

Mr. Fiedler answered yes.

Mr. Keene explained that south Santa Clara County citizens did not receive a
reduction in property tax but a reduction in water rates. The reduction in
water rates would not necessarily match the amount of tax collected.

Mr. Fiedler concurred.

Mr. Keene understood Council Member DuBois was inquiring whether the
Water District could provide a $1.6 million credit to the City of Palo Alto such
that it could be distributed to Palo Alto ratepayers.

Mr. Fiedler felt the Water District Board was thinking along those lines when
it considered providing funding for recycled water.

03/23/2015                                                              117- 124
