                          TRANSCRIPT
Dan Garber: Hi. I am a resident, but I am speaking this evening as an
architect. Staff has done a terrific job pulling this together. We have one
suggestion regarding the proposed new language regarding 18.70.100,
noncomplying facility replacement.

Mayor Holman: Dan, you might be helping us all if you would also point to
what page in the ordinance, discussion that is.

Mr. Garber: Fifteen through 18 in the draft ordinance. These are houses
that are typically built prior to current Code and sit in setbacks or are taller
or have more area than would be allowed today. They also do not have
plans that support a modern family's needs. Rooms get enlarged. Kitchens
and bathrooms relocated, and electrical, mechanical, plumbing systems
replaced to meet current Code. Despite being noncompliant today, these
houses are very important to the visual fabric of the street and support the
memory and image of our community, even when they do not meet
historical thresholds. Those of you on the Council that know our work know
that we work very hard to give our clients reasons to keep these houses. All
these homeowners know that they have a very straightforward alternative to
keeping their noncomplying house. If it becomes too hard to keep them,
they can simply tear them down and build new. Staff's recommendation
clarifying the amount of exterior wall that can be removed at 50 percent is
very, very helpful and goes a long way to helping us make the case to keep
an existing house. However, we respectfully recommend removing the
words "windows, doors, cladding or siding" in Subparagraph A. Keeping all
structural elements in place makes perfect sense. We are not suggesting
that you can see through an exterior wall. The structural sheathing should
stay in place. Windows, doors, cladding and siding are not structural. When
configuring a plan to meet a family's needs, windows and doors have to
move. The homeowner shouldn't be constrained to keeping these elements
in their original places because it reduces the opportunity for interior
reconfiguration and significantly reduces the reasons to keep the house. In
fact, this is the number one reason homeowners build new; they can get
what they want. Further, it appears that the language would likely keep a
homeowner from replacing windows and doors that do not need
maintenance or replacement, but need to be replaced for voluntary energy
and durability reasons. Replacing functional but inexpensive single-pane,
aluminum or wood stick windows with higher functional dual-glazed wood or
clad windows is one example. All of our clients are very concerned about
energy and focused on reducing their heating and cooling costs. Including
cladding or siding in the language means that we would not be able to take
down the siding of a house or install air vapor barriers and external sheet
insulation with the structural siding, which is typical for houses attempting to
be net zero and dramatically reduces the operational carbon footprint over
                                                                         Page 37 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
