                          TRANSCRIPT
many other stores that I can think of, either down in the Charleston area,
out on El Camino, in Midtown in particular. Midtown has at least one real
estate office, if not two. I'm presuming anything that's there can stay there.
Let's say that Midtown Realty decided to sell to ABC Realty. What happens
in that case? Is there a grandfather clause or is that a different decision
making process?

Ms. Gitelman: Under the terms of the Ordinance, a real estate office once
there could stay there or could ...

Council Member Kniss: Regardless of who owns it?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. It could convert to one of the uses on the list
in the Ordinance. It couldn't convert to something that's not on the list.

Council Member Kniss: Again, the decisions about this, will there be some
kind of group or whatever? It would sound as though some of these could
get very sticky, to be honest. Even though we don't have a soul in here
tonight that seems enormously interested in our Urgency Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman: It is true that any Ordinance that's based on these definitions
is going to be subject to some interpretation. When an application comes in
the door, we're going to have to interpret whether it falls in personal service
or some other use that's not on the list. By including some of these other
things, commercial recreation, personal service, retail service, I hope we're
casting a large enough net that that won't happen often, that we have to
make those difficult calls.

Council Member Kniss:         Stephanie Munoz's question about childcare
services, does that fit in under this as well?

Ms. Gitelman: One of the uses that we're suggesting the Council may want
to add is daycare. Currently, that's not on this list.

Council Member Kniss: I would think that would be an appropriate one. The
other decisions are made through your department or are they going to be
made otherwise? Regarding the "who will decide" question.

Ms. Gitelman: If an application comes in and it's a matter of interpretation,
like is this a personal service or isn't, that would be a decision that's made
by the Planning Department at a Staff level. Again, hopefully that kind of
interpretation won't be needed very often, because we've cast a wide net in
using these definitions.



                                                                         Page 24 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
