                          TRANSCRIPT
collect that and have that cover the cost of the single-story overlay.          I'm
asking you to support the fee waiver for that. Thank you.

Ben Lerner: Good evening, Mayor Holman, City Council Members. I'm Ben
Lerner from the Palo Verde neighborhood in south Palo Alto. I'm also here
to address the SSO fees. I will try to be brief, because you've heard a lot of
different angles on this already so far. I'd like to say I'm thankful to
everyone who has spoken before me. I agree with what they have to say,
and I support them. What I wanted to add about the fees is that they're
relatively new. There were no fees or much smaller fees until just a few
years ago when the City imposed these new fees, which are quite high and
quite formidable and in a way prohibitive. There have been about ten
single-story overlays to date. I don't believe any of them had to pay these
fees. I believe in the last one or two cases the fees were waived. I feel that
this is not just a partisan issue for a particular neighborhood or a particular
group of homeowners, but there's a value to the entire City to help preserve
the Eichler and other mid-century modern neighborhoods. They are a
valuable part of Palo Alto's housing tradition. I'd like to join the chorus and
ask that the fees either be reduced or waived even temporarily, so that
those neighborhoods who are interested can have some time to react and
get their applications together and try to get single-story protection. If
waiving the fees isn't feasible, it would be helpful if at least they could be
reduced to an amount that isn't prohibitively high and is fixed and
predictable. For example, today we're asked to pay a little over $8,000
upfront. If there's still more work to be done, we can be asked for any
additional amount. We don't know ahead of time what that's going to be.
There's no guaranty of success or of a refund if we decide it's too much and
we want to bail. We would appreciate it. If waivers are not feasible, then at
least if it could be reduced to something manageable and fixed. The system
that we have today—I hate to say it—is not very resident friendly or
neighborhood friendly.      This is something that's not just for us; it's
something of value to the entire community. With that, I'd like to thank you
for your consideration and hope you can do something. Thank you.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. I'll be brief. I want
to talk about one tiny bit of your very big budget you're considering. I want
to thank Staff and the Council for including landscaping the bare traffic
circles as part of the new budget. I'm strongly in support of this, especially
since every time I back out of my driveway, I have to back around one of
them. It will be a nice improvement that will benefit everybody in the
community. Thank you.

Stephanie Munoz: It's been interesting to have the budget and the overlay
altogether. It calls to mind the fact that the people have always with all
                                                                         Page 30 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
