                         TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Could I try to get a little bit different language in that? I
look to you as the proposer of that. "Every reasonable effort will be made to
reduce traffic congestion."

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can interject. We're happy to take all of
this input and—I think as Council Member Burt indicated, we're going to
need to do a little bit of ...

Mayor Holman: Okay. Good enough.

Ms. Gitelman: ... (crosstalk) and massaging.     If we get into this level of
detail, we're never going to get home tonight.

Mayor Holman: You're right. Good enough. Good enough, okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Section B, “traffic flow will be
enhanced and traffic congestion will be reduced where possible.”

Council Member Scharff: While I still have the floor, could we have a hard
stop at midnight?

Mayor Holman: It is 12:38.

Council Member Scharff: No, it's 11:38.

Mayor Holman: Excuse me, it's 11:38.

Council Member Burt: We've got a whole other hour until 12:38.

Mayor Holman: 11:38. Let's see if we get to a reasonable time. We'll try to
end close to midnight. Council Member Filseth, did you want to comment on
this motion?

Council Member Filseth: No, I'm good.

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other lights. We are ready to vote on the
vision statement for transportation which is to start with Planning and
Transportation Commission recommendation, substituting for main and
promote. Main and promote, is that right? Maintain and promote. City
Clerk, on the third line down, it's "maintain and promote." Instead put
"build and maintain" and delete "practices." Delete "practices." Where does
that quote end? Somebody help me here, where that quote ends.




                                                                     Page 112 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
