                              MINUTES
First, new technology would be utilized to count bicycles and pedestrians.
The next generation of software would be able to count vehicles. In 2015,
all 24 Concept Plan Line Projects would be presented to the Council for
approval. The Churchill Avenue Project was funded through the design
phase. The Maybell Project did not have design funding at the current time.
Engaging the community for all 24 projects simultaneously would not be
productive; therefore, Staff would choose key projects to move forward.
Greer Road was a great project to consider advancing to a bicycle boulevard
design phase. Within Barron Park, residents were concerned about the lack
of safe facilities for pedestrians. South Palo Alto was a prime location for
designing with partners. Northern Palo Alto needed east-west connections,
beginning with the Homer-Channing Enhanced Bike Lane.

Council Member Kniss asked if the glass beads were the same as those used
in the sidewalk on California Avenue.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that the beads were not glass, but preformed
thermoplastic.

James Keene, City Manager, clarified that beads used in sidewalks along
California Avenue were completely different from those used in bike projects.

Council Member Kniss asked if the beads had sharp edges.

Mr. Rodriguez answered no, because they were located in the roadway.

Council Member Kniss noted that continuous streams of bicyclists did not
stop at stop signs along Churchill Avenue in the morning, and asked Mr.
Rodriguez to comment on that.

Mr. Rodriguez recognized that bicyclists did not always obey stop signs.
Staff discovered that a critical mass of cyclists often did not stop. The Police
Department enforced and issued citations for failure to stop. The Police
Department also recognized it was more unsafe for a large group of cyclists
to try to stop.     Staff attempted to identify corridors where relaxed
enforcement was needed. Most residents knew which streets to avoid by
time of day.

Council Member Kniss mentioned that some residents along Bryant Street
did not want colors on the street.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that Staff felt there would be value in having a
consistent look and feel for bicycle boulevards around town; however, the
community did not support that concept.



01/20/2015                                                              216- 332
