                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: The January 11 ...

Mr. Keene: I don't remember it being filled.

Mayor Holman: January 11 has the Parks Master Plan and a very long
Consent Calendar. Action Items, we have some fairly significant items. We
have weed abatement again. We have 1050 Page Mill Road and the
Embarcadero contextual front setback variance appeal and medical
marijuana which we probably could move.

Mr. Keene: I'd (inaudible) propose we combine weed abatement and
medical marijuana together. I did the same thing this morning, Pat. Since
we would be trying to decline any facilities, so that would be weed
abatement.

Mayor Holman: That is a timely matter too. We have three fairly significant
items already on Action that night.

Mr. Keene: Not to diminish the Parks Master Plan, but I would think if we've
got a deadline with the bridge and $4 million in grant funding, that could
take precedence over the Parks Master Plan.

Mayor Holman: Let me ask this question too. I think I see members of the
design team for the bridge here. We have Public Works Staff probably for
both of these items. I see Chief Burns here also for the Public Safety
Building. What are we ...

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: What are we doing to Staff and people who have stayed for
the other item? Have they been giving any kind of fore-notice that we might
not get to this item tonight, the Bridge meeting?

Mr. Keene: We didn't have any sense of that. You've got a motion out there
right now.

Council Member Burt: Can I make a suggestion? Can we defer the decision
and see how rapidly we go through the first item, with everybody
understanding that if it drags on, we're not going to be able to do the last
one? If it goes quickly, we might be able to get.

Mayor Holman: If that's a motion, I'd second it.

Council Member Burt: All right. I'll make that as a Substitute Motion.


                                                                      Page 81 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
