                          TRANSCRIPT
feedback from the building industry voicing similar concerns, but also
saying, "This is the direction that we need to go." There are going to be
some leaps that we have to make to get there, but they're going to have to
be worth it. The upgrade of pipe costs, thank you for bringing that up. That
was brought up at a Green Building Advisory Group meeting after the first
draft of this report was issued. We have since added that cost in for
alternations, in other words having to increase the size of that pipe for an
instantaneous water heater. We still found that to be cost effective. I
encourage you to look in the appendix for that analysis. The same with the
attics. It's been vetted with the industry; it's been discussed. There are
different measures for different climate zones for that 2017 Code that's
impending. For this climate zone, it should work.

Mr. Keng: Why can't we just wait until 2017?          Why do we have to act
(inaudible)?

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. I'd like to get one
principle at least before trying to get through the maze of conflicting
interests that surround that issue. The principle I'd you to observe is if there
is something you want people to do, take care not to put a financial
disincentive toward their doing it. A few years ago I investigated solar. I
discovered that the City of Palo Alto had a rather high permit fee for the
solar, which I thought was astonishing. I dropped the project and never
followed through. Perhaps that has changed. Just in general, I'd like to
recommend that as your first principle. The second is to try and get the
people onboard for what you want to do and not have it come as a surprise,
say a year or two down the line when they could have made a change for
less money. I don't know if you realize it; you guys are in a high bracket. It
doesn't apply to us anymore, because we lost the big house in Palo Alto. We
still have little rentals in other places. I've discovered from talking to people
around starting with San Francisco and Mountain View and Santa Cruz and
other places, that there has been a tendency after Prop 13 for towns to get
revenue from permits. This was forbidden by an initiative called Proposition
218. You probably know this. Cities may not charge more for the permit
than the cost of implementing it, the cost of examining it. That's a rule
that's more honored in the breach than in the observance. You know what
you need is an ombudsman that people could go to when they find that they
are being whipsawed by arrangements that are sent down from on high. It
can be quite difficult just for an—okay. I'll be glad to speak to the people in
charge later about that. Thank you very much.

Public Hearing closed at 10:59 P.M.




04/20/2015                                                               117- 340
