                          TRANSCRIPT
over which we have no discretion. The Ordinance would apply to those that
have not, what we call vested, that haven't been granted and then acted
upon. The conversion has not effectively taken place. I do have a slide
which, I have to confess, is a little bit of a work in progress. Planning Staff
and City Attorney's Office was working today on this list. I want to go over
it quickly with you. This is a list of the projects that we know have been in
the process of perfecting a ministerial permit, use and occupancy permits
and other building permits, to effect a conversion of ground-floor space. The
first one there is the North Face location which is in Downtown but outside
the ground-floor protected area. That U&O was filed recently, but no
building permits have been issued. In our view, the project has not vested,
and this Ordinance would prevent the ground-floor conversion to office
space. The second one is 433 Hamilton, and the one under it is 435
Hamilton. Those are in the same building. That was the building occupied
by Stanford Florist. These are a little more difficult. Both spaces have
essentially converted; although, in one case a use and occupancy permit
was just filed for. In the other, it was not. It appears to us, late-breaking
news getting to this hearing this evening, that in both cases we as a City
have issued tenant improvement permits. Even though we don't have a use
and occupancy permit on file, it seems that these conversions have in fact
taken place, and permits have been issued to vest them. In that case, this
Ordinance would not apply, and the conversions would be allowed to
proceed. We can answer further questions about that. All of these are fact-
based decisions, so we're going to have to get into more specifics, if you
have questions, and look at the record in some detail. There are four more
on this list. I'll try and go quickly. One is on El Camino, and it was a driving
school. The proposal is to convert to real estate office. In this case, it
would be allowed to proceed under the terms of this Ordinance, because
neither is a protected use that's listed on the list of uses in the Ordinance.
For 930 Emerson, it's an auto service use or collection of uses that's
proposed for conversion to a private school. In this case again, this would
be allowed to proceed under the terms of the Ordinance as it's been drafted,
because auto services are not currently on the list of protected uses. One of
our questions to the Council is whether that use should be added, in which
case this transaction would have a problem. 440 Kipling is immediately
adjacent to the project you saw last week, and basically it's a different yoga
studio expanded capacity. They have a parking issue they have to solve.
Again in this case, this application could proceed because commercial
recreation and personal services are both protected uses on this list.
They're converting from one protected use to another.                Finally, the
Middlefield application is a use permit application for a financial services use.
In this case, it would not be allowed under the terms of the Ordinance that
we've prepared, because financial services are not on the list of protected
uses. The Ordinance says new use permits would not be allowed in these
                                                                           Page 19 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/11/15
