                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: That's right. If we wrestle with this, then we might
have an outcome.

Council Member Scharff: If Council Member Filseth removes his Motion, the
one about approved by the Director, I'll support the automotive services.

Council Member Filseth: In other words, we keep automotive services in,
but then the two projects on the pipeline bubble go forward including the
Compadre's site.

Council Member Burt: Or conceivably a carve out for automotive services
from the effective date. That was the question I was having of the City
Attorney's office, whether that would be permissible.

Ms. Silver: I'm not sure if we can do that on the fly here. One alternative
approach is perhaps to exempt retail projects over a certain square footage.
That is a large square footage of retail. I think it's something like 17,900.

Council Member Burt: I don't think I'd want to do it that way. Let's see
what happens then on this issue of what gets captured, the effective date.
Your Amendment, let's see what happens.

Council Member Filseth: It was already.

Mayor Holman: What we have added to the Motion is an Amendment
offered by Council Member Burt, accepted by Council Member Scharff and I
believe accepted by Council Member Wolbach, is that automotive services
would be added to the definition of retail but when it came to the last
Amendment that's on the screen, we would be exempting from that the, I'm
looking for the address, 3045 Park Boulevard project. Is that correct?

Council Member Burt: That's not appropriate. We can't do this by project
basis. I'm seeing the City Attorney clarify that.

Mayor Holman: It's what we were brought before, the addresses.

Council Member Burt: No, it's not. We're not supposed to be doing this on a
project basis. We'd not be on sound legal footing. Molly, do you want to
wade in, or Cara?

Ms. Silver: This is a Citywide Ordinance.        We would caution against
exempting particular projects.

Council Member Burt: It has to be a rational basis.

Mayor Holman: You're saying greater than X number of square feet.
                                                                        Page 62 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
