                         TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Kniss: I just would once again express my frustration with
the lack of information in the Minutes. I presume if we want verbatim, we
need to talk to you, Beth, and ask to have verbatim included. Correct?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: That's correct.

Council Member Kniss: I rest my case.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: Now, we move to the Consent Calendar. We have Items 4
through 10 on the Consent Calendar. Are there any comments or any
motions?

Council Member DuBois: I'd move the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois moves approval of the Consent
Calendar. Was that Council Member Scharff with a second?

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-10.

4.    Resolution 9556 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to Adopt the National Association of City Transportation Officials
      (NACTO) Design Guidelines.”

5.    Approval of a Two-Year Contract With SZS Consulting Group for the
      ADA Transition Plan Update With Funding for the First Year Not to
      Exceed $164,923 and a Total Contract Amount Not to Exceed
      $251,141, Capital Improvement Program Project PF-93009.

6.    Resolutions: (1) Resolution 9557 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Formally Adopt the Methodology for Calculating
      the City's Net Energy Metering (NEM) Cap,” and (2) Resolution 9558
      Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto to Amend
      Utilities Rule and Regulations 2 and 29; and Delegation of Authority to
      the City Manager to Update Associated NEM Agreements to
      Incorporate the NEM Cap Definition, as Needed.”

7.    Approval of Comments on the Salt Pond Restoration Project Phase 2
      Environmental Impact Report/Environmental Impact Statement.

                                                                        Page 34 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
