                         TRANSCRIPT
inspiring developers to act in the interests of our community by donating
public benefits or just to have costs covered, they instead seek the largest
possible profits. We then have been gulled into thinking that is the only
road possible. It is not. The outsized profits sought by a developer in
exchange for public benefits need to be eliminated. I urge you to rethink
Palo Alto, and to use your power and influence toward this end. If we are to
have PCs at all, they should be a way to honor and work with developers
who seek to do the right thing, not to enrich those who don't. Thank you.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. I'll be very brief,
because I don't wish to repeat comments made by other speakers. I would
urge you to reject the draft Ordinance tonight. The PC zone has a long and
very unpopular history in Palo Alto, and it has been unsuccessful. I don't
believe the Staff Report demonstrates otherwise. The proposed Ordinance
falls way short of correcting the problems with PCs. In fact, it makes some
things worse, even allowing zoning for sale. At the very least, please
continue the moratorium until Staff can provide evidence of the true merit of
the PC zone. I think that there would be value in demonstrating how
projects could not otherwise be achieved by zones that do not have such
negative impacts on residents and don't promise false benefits that were
never intended to be delivered. Thank you.

Patricia Saffir: Patricia Saffir. Mayor Holman and Members of the Council, if
you're looking for longevity in Palo Alto, I've been here observing the
development of the City for 53 years. I urge you to reinstate our PC zoning.
Zoning regulations are by their nature inflexible and arbitrary. We need a
way to respond to unforeseen opportunities. PC zoning has done this for us
over the years, resulting in numerous projects that have been a credit to the
City.    We need to reinstate it.        I believe in general the changes
recommended by Staff are appropriate and will help by giving the Council an
earlier chance to react to proposals and make suggestions and perhaps will
help to make more sense out of public benefits. I would like there to be a
way to exceed 50-foot height limits when appropriate as suggested by the
Planning Commission. Again, I urge you to approve the proposal before
you. Thank you.

Ken Horowitz: Thank you. Ken Horowitz. I'm glad I'm going to speak
before 11:00. Ken Horowitz, I live on Homer Avenue. I just want to speak
on one particular PC that I've addressed the Council about, and that's at 755
Page Mill Road. That's a PC that was granted to the developers there. As
part of the PC, they were granted a 15,000 square foot recreational facility
which the Silicon Valley Y took over until a year ago. My only concern is
there are some really good public benefits of PCs. I just want to make sure
that if an individual or group or developer is granted a PC, that they be
                                                                        Page 56 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/24/15
