                          TRANSCRIPT
City property and thought about better, more efficient uses for those
spaces?

Mr. Friend: We in fact have. We just had several meetings about that
today. The City is developing its own water plan, the same as we're asking
everybody else in the service area to do, that will withdraw water from
primarily ornamental uses, ornamental turf. In the case of turf for playing
fields, that will probably be protected because there are safety issues
involved there. Other more selective, careful choices across the entire
landscape that we manage.

Council Member Berman: Remind me what in specific you want us to
address tonight? You've given us a lot of information. A lot of it is
incredibly helpful. I want to make sure that I provide you feedback, if there
are certain things that you're looking for feedback on.

Mr. Friend: All the comments so far have been enormously helpful. We
want to hear your mind on these issues. There's a lot of pieces of this
puzzle, so grab the pieces that are most interesting to you. If there's any
one thing I would request your guidance on, it's this question of what kind of
goals do we want to think about. Do we want to sign onto the State of
California 80 by '50 which is a completely reasonable option to do? Do we
want to do something somewhat more aggressive or greatly more
aggressive? I don't expect you to have a decision on that until you see the
specifics of what might be required. Getting a sense of how you think about
that, what questions come to mind for you as you think about it, what would
help guide you in making that evaluation, that would be very helpful to us
right now.

Council Member Berman: Council Member Burt spoke about how the trends
that we've had in terms of Green House Gas (GHG) reductions since 1990
and how we've made great progress. I'm assuming that a lot of that
progress was the low-hanging fruit. If not, then great because that means
there's a lot of low-hanging fruit left to grab. I agree that we should at least
plan to stay on that trend line, if not be more accelerated than we already
have been, if it's 80 percent reductions by 2040 or a couple of years before
2040, if that's to push us to go harder and faster and stronger than we've
been going. The need to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions hasn't
abated; it hasn't gone away. We need to keep on going along the trend that
we are, getting more creative. I'm going to feel like I'm repeating myself in
a minute because of the conversation we just had with the Utilities Advisory
Commission. I'm going to try to resist from doing that. Obviously fuel
switching or electrification is something that a lot of us are interested in.
We're fully cognizant of the fact that there are going to be complications


04/20/2015                                                              117- 298
