                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: What's not included here is general business office which is
on the table that Staff has recommended. The motion should include
general business office.

Council Member Kniss: I'm glad to do that, but that came next. If you want
to have general business office uses here, that's fine.

Mayor Holman: That is a part of the Staff recommendation, if that's your
intention.

Council Member Kniss: Right. In fact, I can continue on with the whole
Staff recommendation. Because we started doing tiny bites, I was going to
do just a tiny bite.

Council Member Scharff: I support all of this. The one thing I'd ask Council
Member Kniss is if she would take out medical office. I don't feel strongly
enough about it, but those are services that are very similar to things that
we do in Palo Alto. Those are services that people use on a general basis. If
we limit it ...

Council Member Kniss: You don't want to limit that?

Council Member Scharff: I don't. The medical office ...

Council Member Kniss: I don't have any trouble with that. I use the dentist
too.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion, “Medical Office.”

Council Member Scharff: I don't think we want this to be big medical office,
so I would like to limit it to medical office buildings that are under 5,000
square feet. That's a fair number.

Council Member Kniss: That's reasonable enough. I doubt that many of
them are—they probably are pretty much 5,000 square feet.

Council Member Scharff: They tend to be small.

Council Member Kniss: Let's include that then. Medical office that is 5,000
square feet or under.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, you're intending to exempt medical
office under 5,000 square feet, based on what I heard from Council Member
Scharff.

                                                                      Page 63 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
