                         TRANSCRIPT
handle on not only what we've already done on the rate at which we
construct new office commercial, but the rate at which densification can
continue to occur, we will continue to see a worsening and worsening of our
housing problem, not to mention our traffic issues as well. I would add that
we have a goal to develop mechanisms that would control the density of
existing commercial uses.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you accept that?

Council Member DuBois: Can you just speak to that a little bit?

Council Member Burt: It might be utilizing tools that we already have. For
instance, we have use permits for commercial uses. It appears that we've
never done anything once somebody has a use permit to enforce a use
permit. We basically have no mechanisms to limit the number of occupants
to an office ...

Council Member DuBois: This would be ...

Council Member Burt: ... even according to what they were allowed to do by
their use permit.

Council Member DuBois: This would be a goal to develop policies and
programs that would then come back to us?

Council Member Burt: Rather than mechanisms, we can replace it with
policies and programs. That's probably a better way to do it.

Mayor Holman: If I might? What I'm hearing is, it sounds like mechanisms
that control the occupant density.

Council Member Burt: Yes. Add "occupant density.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I would accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “add a Goal to develop
mechanisms that control the density of existing commercial uses.” (New
Part C)

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part C, “mechanisms”
with “policies and programs.”




                                                                        Page 69 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
