                             MINUTES
Ms. French asked if Mayor Holman was referring to the east elevation facing
the Appellant's home.

Mayor Holman referred to the cul-de-sac and street side, the west and south
elevations.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported in
general the IR Guidelines had served the City well.          Staff granted
approximately 70 IR approvals in a calendar year. Out of those, a handful
became controversial. Staff would like to consider some adjustments to the
IR Guidelines for construction within the flood plain.

Ms. Koo did not believe different materials were used on the outside walls.
The proposed home would consist primarily of smooth stucco and wood
siding. Horizontal lines would be featured above windows to create interest
and to break up the mass.

Mayor Holman advised that windows were located at the height of the roof
eave of the single-story house next door because of flood plain
requirements. She asked if it would be feasible to lower those windows and
to break up the fairly large wall.

Ms. French commented that those windows appeared to be located in the
family room. The dining area contained the small, square window. Staff did
not view lowering the windows as necessary because it was not a privacy
concern. It would be a choice for the Applicant.

Mayor Holman viewed it as a compatibility issue.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the floor height of the proposed home was 2
1/2 feet taller than the floor height of the adjacent structure. If windows
were lowered, then they would reach floor level. That could make the
situation more jarring.

Ms. French felt the design as proposed would be better with respect to
proportions.

Mayor Holman inquired whether the ceiling height and windows could be
lowered to increase compatibility.

Ms. Gitelman reported many new two-story homes contained large floor-to-
ceiling heights. When a project fell within height limits, it was difficult to
pressure an Applicant to do more than a modest adjustment. Staff did not
have tools in the IR process to do more than work with Applicants to lower
the floor-to-ceiling height.


02/17/2015                                                              117- 13
