                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) to go?

Council Member Wolbach: No. It would retain the addition of "inclusive of
all community members." That was the addition based on Mayor Holman's
recommendation, but it would change the word "including" to "particularly."
This would be the compromise.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: I'm tempted to say go back to the original motion
and take the sentence as a separate amendment, but I'll accept
"particularly" if that's the last change.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth? Okay.

Council Member Burt: I certainly don't want inclusive (crosstalk).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part E, “including” with
“particularly.”
Mayor Holman: Is there anything else?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes, actually. Going back to the Cubberley issue,
I'm just worried that we're asking a lot of the CAC, and I'm worried that
asking the CAC to dig too much into things as specific as Cubberley might be
time consumptive. I am concerned about it mucking up the works of the
ongoing discussions. If I could get—I thought we were stepping back from
that a little bit, but that's still in there. I know that Staff has addressed this
before.

Mayor Holman: Are you suggesting—I'm sorry. Are you suggesting to ...

Council Member Wolbach: I think that my recommendation was—recalling
what Council Member DuBois said when he proposed this being included, he
wanted to make sure that we didn't drop the ball on Cubberley. I agree. I
think it's in there already. It's already in the Comprehensive Plan. My
suggestion would be to change "direct the CAC to discuss" to "incorporate
reference to the planning and development of Community Cubberley
Center."

Council Member DuBois: There are a lot of policies in this element. This
element is where the policy on Cubberley currently lives. I was just trying to
make a point that I think, again, it needs to happen in these next ten years.
Hopefully the planning in the next five. I would like to leave this as is. It's
not really changing anything that's already in there.
                                                                          Page 89 of 107
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/5/15
