                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Could we think of this—I had the same question about the
airplane noise. If these things could be—if your direction could be to the
CAC to include policies about these things under the goals related to water
resources and noise.

Mayor Holman: I'm good with that. Council Member DuBois, Council
Member Wolbach, you both are? That gives Staff latitude to incorporate
them in the best locations. That seems workable for everyone?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change direction regarding “Airplane Noise,
Reclaimed and Recycled Water” to “direct the CAC to explore Policies and
Programs relating to airplane noise, reclaimed and recycled water.”

Mayor Holman: I have a couple of more comments. They're on the same
line. If Public Works is here, they would know I’m going to say this. You
can find another way to word this. The fifth bullet, going back to Page 2,
doesn't reference a specific policy or goal.     Reducing waste, recycling
construction materials and encouraging reusable, returnable, recyclable and
repairable goods. My worry here is that we're focusing again on recycling
and no reference to salvage. If there's a way to either incorporate the word
salvage or reducing waste by salvage or recycling of construction materials,
if we can do that. Council Member DuBois, are you good with that? Again,
remembering that the environmental triangle starts with reduce, reuse and
recycle. Recycle is at the bottom of that pyramid.

Council Member DuBois: I guess if it's direction to Staff to encourage
policies around salvage, but we just moved waste to Safety. I'm not sure if
it's still even covered here. We'll let Staff figure that out.

Mayor Holman: I think this one would be Natural Environment. I can talk
more about why that would be, if we care to.

Council Member DuBois: Is it okay if I work with David to move some of
these things, so they're not goals?

Mayor Holman: Sure, except I'll need you to agree with some of these too.
Council Member Wolbach, are you good with the addition of salvage?

Council Member Wolbach: I wasn't clear on where it would go.

Mayor Holman:      I don't know either.     We're leaving that to Staff to
incorporate in the best location. The reference I'm using here is the fifth
bullet on Page 2. It has no reference as to where it goes.


                                                                      Page 57 of 86
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/9/15
