                             MINUTES
Council Member DuBois asked if Staff expected the use of community rooms
at the new Mitchell Park Library to continue and if they had been booked
continuously.

Ms. Ziesenhenne indicated those reservations were for group study rooms.
Almost all the time the Library was open, those rooms were in use. She
expected that to continue.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether Staff saw a need for evening hours
at Mitchell Park Library.

Ms. Chin had heard comments from patrons hoping for extended hours. Ms.
Ziesenhenne was preparing a report for the next Library Advisory
Commission meeting.

Ms. Ziesenhenne recognized that patrons wanted the Library to remain open
past 8:00 P.M. She would prepare scenarios for the City Manager to
consider as part of the Library Budget.

Council Member DuBois commented that Palo Alto did not have many places
for children to visit in the evening. Late hours could be useful for the
community.

Ms. Ziesenhenne held special activities for teens three nights from 8:00 P.M.
to 10:00 P.M. during finals week. Teens were appreciative of the activities.
Because of the number of teens attending, more space would be allocated in
the future.

Council Member DuBois asked if Staff was aware of any parking issues at
Mitchell Park Library.

Ms. Ziesenhenne responded yes. Most new libraries received complaints
about insufficient parking. Staff encouraged patrons to carpool, ride bikes,
and walk to libraries.

Ms. Chin reported Mountain View and Menlo Park libraries were open 10:00
A.M. to 9:00 P.M. Most libraries would adopt 9:00 P.M. as the closing hour.

Don McDougall, Library Advisory Commissioner, was excited that libraries
were more than just books. Room usage was an example of the many
services provided at the Library. The teen room was constantly in use. If
libraries had not been closed for construction and renovation, the total
number of visits would have increased 5-8 percent. The Library was a
platform and foundation for all sorts of relationships and partnerships.



02/02/2015                                                            116- 431
