                          TRANSCRIPT
want to talk to us about that. As far as the historical aspect of it, I think
that's something that we'll go into in great detail, because we are
particularly interested in historical. Even though this is listed as not high on
the list of mid-century preservation areas, I think that we probably will hear
a good deal more about that as well.           Those are my two additional
comments to what's already been said.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I did meet with the applicant and the architect. I
didn't learn anything that isn't public. We talked a little bit about their
experience running hotels. When we do get to questions, I have a couple.
Hopefully you guys can keep track of all these questions. I'd like to know
about the setback plan from San Antonio. I'd also like to know—they're
saying there's no conference center or restaurant—would you be willing to
continue those restrictions kind of going forward? In terms of the setback,
the Greenhouse is actually a pretty cool place. It's two-story with a lot of
open space, a lot of greenery. I think seeing a really high-quality landscape
plan here with some greenery that's kind of echoing the Greenhouse could
go a long way. I understand that hotels have less impact on traffic usually.
One thing that this Council's been talking about a lot lately is context and
compatibility. It's surrounded by kind of one-story buildings. You've got
two-story Greenhouse across the street. I think if you did some work and
kind of improved transitions—I see a little bit of it in the picture where it's
kind of lower on the sides and goes up in the middle. If there were a way to
step it up, kind of one to two to three to maybe four stories, I think it might
be more compatible and less kind of aggressively massive. I think going
right up to the five stories, that's where a lot of people are having trouble in
terms of context.       Just two other quick comments, I guess, for my
colleagues. We have an incentive, an FAR of 2.0, for hotels. I think it's
worked. It may be time to maybe reevaluate that and maybe decide if
we've kind of achieved what we wanted to achieve. The last comment was if
this project moved forward, I'd really appreciate if the applicant could do
extensive outreach to the Greenhouse and really understand their concerns
and see if there's other things that could be done to address them.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just to reflect some of the comments my colleagues
have made. I think the placement of the hotel near north Bayshore is a
positive element. That area is going through quite a dynamic business
development, and this would provide lodgings at a convenient and accessible
place. It is in a CS neighborhood with a variety of commercial enterprises
up and down the block. In our Housing Element we did clearly state that

                                                                         Page 14 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
