                          TRANSCRIPT
How long is kept? Under what policies is it used? Who can access it? A lot
of questions came up. We established some policies for both the use of
those and when it's used in California. The troubling part for me is, that
we're going to look at next year, to see if there is an over—because it's
almost impossible to anticipate the next piece of technology and then have
to write new legislation every time there's new technology. What we're
going to look at is if a kind of overarching policy based on all of this
technology that we can adopt and move towards. In one of the cities that I
represent in the north, south San Francisco, they looked at last week
interestingly an ordinance requiring businesses, requiring businesses, to
install video cameras on the outside of their buildings that they can access
the video information. That I found troubling. I talked to the mayor and
sent a letter thinking that maybe there should be some use policies in place.
I think we need certain things as protection. That's what I've been looking
at in trying to make sure that we have some efforts in place to help and
assist local governments with some policies in place to protect the liberties
and kind of the rights of citizens and to make sure that they're used in an
appropriate manner. They haven't been in some places in this country, but
we want to make sure in California they are. In many cases, that cellular
technology was used. Eleven jurisdictions in California have it, and they
adopted it and purchased it and are using it without any public hearing by an
elected body in a public setting. That's troubling to me. Housing ideas,
State support, local possibilities. It's an embarrassment; it really is, on what
we've done since redevelopment has been eliminated which was, as you
know, providing 20 percent of those dollars for affordable housing. When we
lost that, there have been attempts, as you know. Special interests have—in
the case of the California Association of Realtors, this is the $75. There was
a bill by Toni Atkins, Mark De Saulnier before and Speaker Atkins, to apply a
$75 recordation fee to documents filed with the County Clerks that would
generate about $1/2 billion per year. That money would be directed
specifically to affordable housing. That has not passed the Legislature
because the interests have been strongly opposing that. That was in last
year's bill and the year before, which was a real challenge and a problem.
The other aspect that we have a problem is—it's almost unique to this area.
I don't get a lot of sympathy in Sacramento from my colleagues, because
they say, "You're from Silicon Valley. You've got a housing problem? Oh."
Frankly, I was very dismayed. I was at the opening of the new regional
patent office and trade office, and one of the speakers that evening—the
question was what are we going to do about affordable housing for our
workers. The answer was we'll pay our employees more. That's not an
answer that's sustainable. We need to be able to provide funds, but here
again this is almost a regional problem. Bakersfield doesn't have this
problem. Fresno doesn't have the problem. Sacramento doesn't have the
problem. No one else but this area really has that problem today. To get an
                                                                             Page 10 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
