                         TRANSCRIPT

Consent Calendar

Gary Lindgren spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 18: I was unable to
get some people to back me up, but I will go through this very quickly. I
have a lot of information. I went through the Staff Report, and I found a lot
of problems with it. This does address only the operational costs of heat
pump operation. In calculating the operating cost, there was no examples of
how the costs were calculated with actual appliances that were on the
market. Palo Alto is not an island unto itself. We import almost all of our
electricity. There's no power plants. Electricity that comes to Palo Alto is
not marked for Palo Alto only. It is carbon neutral. What if all of California
was encouraged to switch to electrical appliances for water heating and
space heating? There would be all sorts of power plants that would be
required. The efficiency for these power plants are like only 40 percent.
Compare that to a water heater; a good high efficiency water heater is 82
percent. Space heating, the furnace is 95 percent. Greenhouse gases would
greatly increase if this was to happen. Electricity and natural gas each have
their own optimum uses. For electricity, we've got motors, electronics, all
your TVs, PCs, radios, etc., lighting, cooking and of course EV charging.
Natural gas: heating water, space heating, cooking and vehicle fuel. In
fact, the garbage trucks in Palo Alto are operated on natural gas I believe.
Note that both electricity and natural gas have uses for cooking. I prefer
electricity. Check out the YouTube video that I put together. It shows me
when I changed out a flat plate cooking and changed it to induction cooking.
I think the new cook top has got finer control than a gas stove. Energy
costs. I don't have time to go through all the numbers there. At the end
there, electricity costs 4.4 times that of natural gas. I've got actual data
from a very high efficient heat pump water heater. You can find out if you
go to the website there. You can find out what it is. This is a 50-gallon.
The energy factor there is 2.45, but only 8,700 BTUs come from the heat
pump. That's like 28 percent of what it would be in a hybrid mode. To heat
up 50 gallons of water with 90 degrees would cost $1.73. In the pure heat
pump mode, it would cost 78 cents for heating 50 gallons. This is bad news.
Natural gas, it takes 52 cents. A water heater conclusion, it takes 1 1/2
times more for cost compared to natural gas or electricity. With the hybrid
mode, 3.3 times. With heat pump space heating, it costs $1.13 for an hour
of heating at 47 degrees. At 17 degrees, it costs $2.28. Natural gas space
heating costs 96 cents. I suggest the Staff Report be rewritten with
calculations for real electrical appliances and not use the faulty assumptions
that the report uses now. The report should emphasize efficiency at both
the power plant and in the home. The goal should be to use less electricity
not more, suggest switching to LEDs for lighting, add dimmers and use less
                                                                       Page 31 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
