                          TRANSCRIPT
vote happened, and I think we should move forward with the vote on the
Motion.

Mayor Holman: I think it is allowed, because it's trying to flesh out the
rationale. I understand your concern, but I think it is appropriate. I don't
know what else we can do about that. I will throw out one comment. This
is especially for Council Member Scharff, maybe it will be enough to get you
to change your position on that. You've been on record a lot of times talking
about fake retail. I heard a phrase or a term used the other day called
"faux-tail" which is even better and more amusing. Does that get you to
change your vote. Introducing the term "faux-tail," will that get you to
change your vote for automotive services?

Council Member Scharff: "Faux-tail." I might change my vote on this, but
we'd have to grandfather in the site that is on Park Boulevard. The reason
we'd have to grandfather that in is they're going through the process of
redeveloping that right now, correct? That's a large site at the bottom
there. I don't see how you could possibly make that work with that much
retail that far down Park. I view that as an economic hardship. I view it as
impossible. You'd have to have a huge restaurant for it to even closely
work. I'm very concerned about that. I'm not sure this is actually going to
protect that many automotive services, because it allows the automotive
services to switch to any other type of retail use. I’m not sure you achieve
your goal and it could have huge detriments. If that was grandfathered in,
you might have beaten me down enough on this to do that.

Mayor Holman: If they were already in the process of redeveloping the site,
they would be vested.

Council Member Scharff: Not because of his Motion. I'd have to decide to
vote for one or the other.

Male: We already agreed to it.

Council Member Scharff: Right.

Mayor Holman: But we wouldn't be having this discussion if they'd already
started construction, because they'd be vested.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. This is still a pending application.

Council Member Burt: I would take inclusion of automotive services even if
it did not allow capturing of that project, but that project isn't vested. The
other point that I would make is that where you're talking about other retail
down at that site, that's valid but automotive services at that site is a very
                                                                           Page 60 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/11/15
