                         TRANSCRIPT
improve the locations that we already have, the three that we have and
make them effective, efficient, safe.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I didn't know I'd turned my light on, but I'm
delighted. I am so frustrated by this, because this began in 2011. Jim, I'm
looking at you actually, hoping you're still with us. What has taken us this
long to get to--we're at the end of 2015. Was it doing the contest? Where
have we along the way completely gotten up to this amount of money?
Every time we've discussed it, it went from 8 and then to 10, because the
administrative costs had been forgotten. The next thing we know it was 12.
In Finance Committee recently, it went up to something even higher than
that. It's just stunning that we could be going up like this. At this point,
we're talking about being done in 2019. That's a far cry from when we
began this.

Mr. Eggleston: Thank you for the question. I can't speak to all of the time
constraints that have gotten us to this point. I know that in the time that
I've been working on the project we've had some significant delays that
were caused by Caltrans requesting more studies from us than were in the
original scope and discussions from them, when we first scoped out this
project and went into our design contract with Alta, whom we've been
working with for the preliminary design and engineering. You're right that
the design competition did take a substantial amount of time to plan, to
execute, and then here we are. It's now been a year since we were actually
implementing the design competition.

Council Member Kniss: Brad, just let me stop you there for a minute. We're
really running out of time. At this time, you really feel that we should go
back out again with an RFP which is going to put us up probably another 2
years, right? At least.

Mr. Eggleston: No, I don't think--you mean until the project is completed or
delay caused by ...

Council Member Kniss: Until we can ride over the bridge.

Mr. Eggleston: I think that the RFP process probably delays us something
like a few months, maybe 3 to 6. That's assuming that if we went with the
Moffatt & Nichol design and everything was to go smoothly. That's our big
concern as Staff, the unknowns about that design and the problems we're
afraid we might run into. If I get a chance--yeah, and the cost. If I get a
chance, I'd like to speak quickly to the project budget as well. The primary
project budget, the funding for the project, has not changed from the $10
                                                                    Page 110 of 126
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 12/14/15
