                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Burt: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff:         Thank you.     When we first started this
conversation, when Council Member DuBois was out of the office. Out of the
office, out of the room. Council Member Burt, actually I thought you were
fairly eloquent on this issue. What I heard you say was that at the end of
doing a new coordinated area plan, it should come to Council and there
should be some flexibility about whether or not certain aspects or certain
projects or whatever should be exempt, and that Council should be able to
look at that as part of the coordinated area plan. I would like to see that
flexibility in this Motion. I'd ask you if you'd accept something that does
that. I think you could say something like "to not exempt coordinated area
plans from the office/R&D annual limit, but at the end of the coordinated
area planning process, it would come to Council for a decision if there should
be any." I'm actually looking if you have any thoughts on that. I would
probably say "at the of the coordinated area planning process, it would come
to Council for a decision as to how the cap would apply." I was wondering if
you'd accept that.

Mayor Holman:     If I might interject here.   The coordinated area plan for
SOFA is done.

Council Member Scharff: It wouldn't apply to SOFA.

Council Member Burt: If I might add. Really we're discussing a hypothetical
and framing how we might have this addressed post-Comp Plan. It's a
policy discussion without a practical impact at this point in time.

Council Member Scharff: That's correct.

Mayor Holman: Is anyone else confused as to what this means?             Council
Member Scharff ...

Council Member Scharff: No, I'm not confused at all.

Mayor Holman: The original was Council Member Filseth moved by Council
Member Burt to not exempt coordinated area plans from the office/R&D
development annual limit. At the end of the coordinated area planning
process, it would come to Council for a determination of how the office/R&D
development. It needs clarification. I do not know what this means.

Council Member Burt: Can I offer ...
                                                                      Page 107 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
