                         TRANSCRIPT
homeless. It seemed to me to be a pretty clear indication that, as we had
anticipated, folks were not going to find a place and that they would be
unsheltered during those months. We had some recent back-and-forth in
the City of Sunnyvale. The staff finally came and said, "We have a County-
owned site. It's not ideal, but we think it would at least allow for a
temporary facility for the wet and cold winter months." I think it would be
an understatement to say that that selection was not well received by the
immediate neighborhood. That, however, generated some conversation with
the City of Sunnyvale. Ultimately, we settled on a site on Onizuka that is in
the City of Sunnyvale that will be the location for a north county cold-
weather shelter during the months of December, January, February and
March. My hope is that that will give us a place that folks can find, access
relatively easily, and it will reduce the number of unsheltered homeless. We
need a facility in the north county. Your definition of north county depends,
I've discovered, on where you live. Some of you will remember that former
Mayor Gary Fazzino used to talk about south county. All of I sudden, I'd
realize he was talking about Mountain View. I'd say, "Gary, that's Mountain
View." He'd say, "Yeah, that's what I said. Mountain View, south county."
Obviously, if you're in Mountain View, you don't think of it that way. Net,
net, net, it's a regional problem. Going forward, at least this winter, there
will be a shelter in place. We'll keep looking for a permanent site.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: If I can take the liberty of calling you Joe, instead of
Supervisor Simitian, I'll start there. It's delightful to have you here. I'm
probably going to ask slightly harder questions, even though I certainly
support what Greg said and how responsive you've been.               I greatly
appreciate your efforts on the Buena Vista. That has been a thorny issue,
and one that I think has given everyone a lot of pause. At the same time, I
know you've continued to work on it with great zeal and energy. I even
hear that from staff at the County, so I'm pretty sure that that's absolutely
the case. Let me ask you about a couple of things, though, that certainly
plagued us while I was at the County. One of them has to do with the BART
and with the potential of putting the 25 percent on for BART. You may want
to say a little about this. Both VTA and the Board of Supervisors were vying
for the chance to put the measure on the ballot in 2000. You were there; I
was in the audience. There was a discussion the other night when Carl
Guardino was here about could the Board of Supervisors actually put this on
the ballot. You may want to discuss it, you may not. One of the things that
I discovered when I was there is that it was difficult with VTA to often insist
on certain outcomes. The balance is very much in favor of San Jose. There
were many times when those of us from the north end of the county were
very frustrated by what happened in that area. One more thing, again, also
                                                                         Page 7 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
