                          TRANSCRIPT
store was or wasn't doing. The information is anecdotal and scarce. It
seems very possible that it may be a difficult thing to make that work. What
do we do? I certainly would like you to push as hard as you can to make a
grocery store there, and I would like you to double that up if you start
hearing that he wants to put something else in. I think it may be necessary
at some point to consider that. If it is, have in mind that you're going to
exact a very, very large price for putting something other than a real
grocery store there.    It should not be considered as an easy thing,
something that just kind of happens. That's really my message here
tonight. We have to be realistic, but we also have to hold him as much as
we can to his commitments. Thank you.

Andrew Boone: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Andrew
Boone. I live on Woodland Avenue in East Palo Alto and serve on the
Planning Commission of that city. Tomorrow evening the Menlo Park City
Council will consider really quite a drastic change to El Camino Real through
Menlo Park. They've gone through a two-year long public process, kind of
like a bicycle-pedestrian plan where they've asked public input and really
received an overwhelmingly positive response towards replacing parallel car
parking on El Camino with bike lanes. This really was unexpected. Until the
community's asked, "Do you want a safer El Camino Real? Do you want one
that kids can walk across or bike across safely?" people don't speak up.
When there is a plan, a project, a consultant comes, asks us questions, we
think right now it looks good. It's not just a 5-foot bike lane there. Here
you have something to go in. This would be 8 feet wide with a separated
barrier between traffic and where you're biking. It's a big improvement for
people walking too. I'm very hopeful that the Council moves it forward.
Atherton had previously considered reducing its section of El Camino Real
from six to four lanes. Redwood City is about to begin a precise plan for El
Camino Real. Palo Alto, what are we doing? We have the same problems
with El Camino Real that everyone else has, which is that the street isn't
usable unless you're driving a car. By usable, what do I mean? You're
afraid to go there. You're afraid to walk across it. You're afraid to ride your
bike on it. I'm an expert urban cyclist, and I still fear for my life. I'm afraid
that I will die on El Camino Real. I rode my bike there today. It was very
stressful. It shouldn't be that way. We should have a main street through
Palo Alto that people can use, that you can walk on, that you can bike on,
that transit works. Thank you.

Sophia Abramson: Hi. Thank you for your consideration of us Edgewood
Plaza folks. I strongly encourage you to expedite the Edgewood grocery
project. Our neighborhood's strong support of the Fresh Market clearly
demonstrates the viability of a bona fide grocery store on the same site.
This established precedence should smooth the way for you to exert the
                                                                           Page 11 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/24/15
