                         TRANSCRIPT
with you. Just let me know how I can help, whether in Sacramento or here
or as it moves forward. The cap and trade funding, that's an interesting—I
was just looking at some of that. As you know the cap and trade funds have
increased considerably. I think we're at $1 billion now and that will be going
up as time moves on. I had some issues, and we had legislation last year
that I've been trying to get. As the cap and trade numbers come together,
there's 60 percent that is funds allocated according to the statutory formula,
25 percent High Speed Rail, 20 percent housing and sustainable
communities, 10 percent transit and rail, 5 percent transit and bus, and the
40 percent left for the legislature to kind of decide how they want that
appropriated. What I've been trying to do is increase the funding for
regional rail. The legislation that I—my push in the cap and trade legislation
that still hasn't been completed from last year, that's still an ongoing
discussion because there's so many people that want a piece of that and
want to make sure that it continues. Where I see the success of where I
want to go is we're not alone in northern California. Southern California has
the same needs with regional rail and transit that we have. I can and have
made the case and the argument that we need to add at least double the
amount that is allocated for regional rail and transportation here. That's the
goal that I'm working on and will be advocating for when we get back in
January. Pat, I think those are your questions. The merger of ABAG and
MTC, Madam Mayor, I know that's a question that you had here. There's
legislation, as you know, by Assembly Member Levine that he introduced
that would kind of throw everything out and start over again with a new
agency that would be independently elected. I don't know if there's a value
in that, in going to that extent, because it almost will then become like the
BART Board, which is not necessarily the best represented. The aspect of
having one agency, I think, is important, but I like the fact that they're
taking a few steps back and doing a thorough analysis of where they can
bring the two together or at least provide for the implementation and the
programs that each one uses in a way that could be thoughtful and
representative. The challenges, I think, we all face is in regional bodies. We
all sit on them and have in the past. I think the challenge is who's actually
making the decision and do they really have a stake in the outcome. When I
was a Council Member or County Supervisor, you go and sit on ABAG or MTC
or the Air District Board and you make decisions, but there's no one really to
hold you accountable because there's no one right in front of you as you
have here every week. That isn't the best—I think there's some problems
with that. I don't know if by having one large body elected—in fact this
issue came up. That was Willie Brown's suggestion 15 years ago, I think
about 15, when I was a City Council Member in San Mateo. His suggestion
was one regional body that would make the decisions, and it wasn't received
very favorably by anyone at the time. It may be the time now. I just think
it needs further analysis and further review. I definitely will be looking for
                                                                            Page 4 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
