                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Sartor: I don't know right offhand. I have driven by it a few times. It is
pretty tall. I don't know whether it's at the height limit or not. The three
story option ...

Mr. Keene: It's not above the height limit.

Mr. Sartor: ... is within the height limit.

Council Member Scharff: Do we know what the height limit is there? We
probably don't; we lost Planning.

Mr. Sartor: At the lot we're at, it's 50 feet. Actually, if you have it, show
that one drawing that shows the envelope.

Council Member Scharff: Anyway, if you don't know, you don't know. It
seems to me actually that given the size of the Courthouse, this fits in.
We've made a big deal recently about being within the zoning and not giving
variances. This is an interesting thing, because you can only build the two
story if you give variances and change it. If you actually believe we should
follow our Zoning Code and you actually make those statements, then the
three-story is the one you would choose. Then you add all that into it, as far
as I can tell, our public safety people are saying they want the three-story
building, that it's a much better choice. As Council Member Berman said,
we're building for the next 50 years. I can't see any reason why we wouldn't
do, frankly, the three-story building. I think it makes sense. The harder call
is some of the parking stuff. On the parking, is it really 27 1/2 feet, Option
C? Someone said 35 for Option C, but all the stuff in the Staff Report says
35 feet. I was confused by that.

Mr. Ross: The retail maybe, but the parking structure is 35 feet.

Council Member Scharff:      The parking structure is 35 feet for all three of
them.

Mr. Ross: Correct.

Council Member Scharff: With the one with the retail option, what is the
negative to that then? They're all 35 feet. One has retail, one doesn't.
They have all about the same amount of parking spaces. Is it just a little
more expensive. It's cheaper than Option B.

Mr. Shikada: I believe the scenario that shows the retail has one less
subterranean level in the parking. The number was the design, the parking
space.


                                                                       Page 93 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
