                         TRANSCRIPT
so, that when City departments have the roads open, other departments
have to lay conduit. It's a very wide technical range of issues and then
there's some legal implications.

Council Member Filseth: I think what I heard you say was that this had
never been used in the situation where the target was commercial
deployment to custom—to general deployment of broadband.

Ms. Hovis: In terms of a scenario where someone like Google builds
throughout a city to reach the majority of homes and small businesses,
we've never seen a "dig once" ordinance used in that context, to build
another network on top of that. Just not seen it that extensively.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, do you have an amendment?

Council Member Filseth: My question—I'm going to ask the question to
Council Member DuBois first and Council Member Burt first. Do you want
them to do any research before making a decision to bring the ordinance or
you just want to have them draft the ordinance?

Council Member DuBois: I think I heard from the City Attorney that that's
what she would do. I think we're okay. There are plenty of "dig once"
ordinances. Google has expressed willingness to work under that condition,
so I think we should explore it.

Ms. Stump: The City has a "dig once" policy. I've never heard it referred to
as that, but we try to have a practice amongst the Staff that when the Staff
opens a street, that we all do our work in the street at one time. That's
certainly an aspiration, and there's a lot of attempts to coordinate along
those lines. I think that there are a number of issues though that may be
intended by that. What we will do is survey and try to understand,
understanding what the Council's goals are here, what additional areas we
might actually need to regulate and where those limits might be. I think it's
likely that we'll have to come back to Council for direction before we come
back with a first reading of an ordinance.

Council Member Filseth: That was sort of my question. Is that okay?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.




                                                                      Page 74 of 130
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/28/15
