                          TRANSCRIPT
and hover over the scores in order to display the number of respondents and
also the margin of error. There's a layered strategy. When you look at it at
a high level, you can avoid a lot of details. If you want more details, you
can hover. For example, you see in 2014 we had, in this particular question,
669 responses, because we had a much higher sample. In prior years, we
had a lower number of responses and the margin of error is going to be
reflective. If I click on the 2014 sort button, if I click twice, you can see the
lowest scoring question, availability of affordable quality housing. The red
questions that are fairly consistently red dating back to 2003. If I click it
again, it'll sort by question order. If I click again, it'll sort in descending
order by score. You can do that for all years the survey was administered.
Moving to the third tab which is labeled City services, we see weighted
average scores for City services in descending order. Users can filter the
visualization by any combination of survey year, geographic area and/or
neighborhood group. Color-coded bars show the percent of residents rating
each service excellent, good, fair and poor. As you can see as I hover. The
circles show the weighted average score. Hovering over each bar segment
and circle will display the number of responses and the margin of error, as
you can see here. I'm just going to do a quick example of selecting north
Palo Alto, pressing apply.       As you see, the visualization updated and
everything is recalculated. It's also possible to sort in descending order by
question, again in descending order here. Moving to the fourth tab, we have
geographic subgroups. We see weighted average scores for each question in
each geographic area. Color coding as before. Functionality similar to what
I showed you. We see two maps here. The one on the left shows Palo Alto
broken down by the six neighborhood groupings. On the right, you see the
breakdown by north and south Palo Alto. I have selected one question here,
availability of affordable quality healthcare as an example. You can see the
different shades corresponding to the different scores. Up top, you see the
trend for Palo Alto overall dating back to 2006, the first year this particular
question was available, and an ascending, increasing score up through 2014.
Again, hovering will show you the details in each area. Moving to the fifth
tab, demographics one. This is more of a true dashboard. The user can
select a question, survey year, geographic area, and the graph updates to
show the survey results overall and for each demographic attribute. The bar
up here is the overall result for Palo Alto, and then you can see the
breakdown for each of the demographic characteristics. Functionality is
similar with hovering providing more details. I selected, as an example, the
question ease of public parking. With this question, if you look at the age
category bars, you can see higher scores that were given by age ranges 35-
44 up through 45 to 54 years of age. We see a significantly lower score in
the older age ranges, 55 to 64, 75 and above. This would be one example
of how you can use this. Moving down to years lived in Palo Alto for this
particular question, we can also see that those who lived in Palo Alto fewer
                                                                          Page 7 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
