                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth seconds.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to approve the contract and authorize the City Manager or his
designee to execute deductive change orders and to delete the following
elements:

A.    Eliminate the planned “POLICE” podium sign; and

B.    Eliminate the planned “CITY HALL” podium sign; and

C.    Eliminate renaming of garage levels from A, B and C, with a total cost
      saving of at least $125,000.

Council Member Filseth: Council Member DuBois has been pretty concise
about this. Clearly what the Staff and the designer has come up with is
beautiful stuff. Will it make City Hall prettier? Of course. But it's a third of
a million dollars for signs. The real question is, is City Hall where Palo Alto
residents want us to splurge. We're going to go back to the public with an
ongoing series of fee and rate hikes for utilities, for electricity, for gas, over
the next four years. We need to demonstrate to the community that we're
paying attention and being very, very careful about their money. A third of
a million dollars for signs is a lot. We ought to be circumspect in how we do
this and maybe tighten our belts a little bit.

Council Member Burt: I want to ask a question of Staff on the parking level
re-designation. Can you explain the need for that? At the same time, could
you add an explanation, if we chose to retain the current designations and
save that money, what impacts that might have?

Mr. Keene: Let me start for a second and let Brad jump in. Obviously the
design thinking behind renaming the parking is integrated with the whole
building. Right now we have a lobby level and we have a mezzanine, etc.
One of the issues we do run into is people looking at the "A" level, is that the
ground level or the first floor the lobby level. Trying to make a clear
distinction between what is underground and parking with the parking levels
versus "A," "B" and "C." Yes, it works there now, but we clearly have a
problem with people saying, "Where am I? Where do I need to get off?" We
wanted to be sure of that. We looked at renumbering them. Re-lettering
and renumbering makes sense in and of itself. Brad ought to speak more to
what is the value added for replicating that numbering system, redoing it
across the garage and everything for people as they're wandering through
the garage, oftentimes late at night.


                                                                           Page 21 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
