                          TRANSCRIPT
have them know the language. I don't think it's that hard if you have any
particular concerns about the language to add them in.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I guess maybe a misunderstanding of the
process on the vision. I thought we gave some good feedback. I didn't
think it was best for us to try to write it up here.

Mayor Holman: I think that's—if I might jump in here. I think you're correct
that there's not an intention for us to write it up here. This is our shot at the
Natural Environment. It'll come back to us again when we review the whole
thing together. If you're trusting Staff to take those five bullet points on
page 3, again, of Attachment A, and incorporate language for those into the
Vision Statement, then we're good to go.

Council Member DuBois: Let me think about that on the vision. On the
goals, again, I like the current goals. I think it's good that we split out
creeks and open space and forest. Let me think while other members speak
if there's specific things that I'd add to the vision.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Just for right now, on the Vision Statement and
the debate about how much we want to wordsmith that this evening, in the
interest of time and process I don't think that we should be doing that
wordsmithing tonight. This was kind of—in Staff's defense, this was based
on some contingencies which we didn't finalize until about 10, 15 minutes
ago, such as pulling out the Safety Element. You couldn't really draft it until
we had finalized that decision. Also, we hadn't really approved that list of
bullet points. As much as it would have been great if we had made that
decision more formally earlier, we made those formal decisions tonight. I
don't think that we should specifically—I don't think we should write the final
language tonight. I think it needs to go back to Staff and then come back to
us for finalization. The Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) will still see that
we're supportive of these things. We can always tweak the details later. I
think the idea of adopting the existing Vision Statement with the addition of
the comments offered on Page 3 of Attachment A of Item 2 tonight with
Staff to work on the language is the appropriate process to move forward.
The CAC will see that, will be able to work on that even as we continue to
tweak the specifics of the language. They'll still get the general sense of it.

Mayor Holman: Are you then offering an amendment to have those five
bullets added to the Motion having to do with the Vision Statement again?
Staff had only gotten individual comments previously, so this is the
opportunity for Council to say we support adding those five. Staff will work
on the language coming back.
                                                                          Page 40 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
