                         TRANSCRIPT

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry.

Council Member Wolbach: Does it need to be?

Council Member DuBois: I'm open to an amendment. I kind of took that as
a comment to Hillary to consider among other things. If you want to
propose something.

Mayor Holman: It provides greater clarity if we add it. An "e" would be
"utilize subcommittees as a part of the Comp Plan work." I don't think we
need to get more specific than that. "Subcommittee meetings would be
noticed and open to the public."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part B,
“including utilization of sub-committees as a part of the Comprehensive Plan
Update work, and sub-committee meetings would be noticed and open to
the public.”

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can interject something there. I think we
would like an opportunity to consider just how much that adds in terms of
work and time to the schedule.             Once we start having multiple
subcommittees and noticing them as Brown Act meetings and staffing them,
we're talking about a significant increase in staffing and consultant support.
We're already working on a contract amendment to give our consultant more
resources to staff the CAC. If we need their support for subcommittees, that
will be an additional ask. I also wanted to make the observation that
Council Member DuBois and Council Member Burt have articulated two
slightly different views of how the schedule might be amended. I like how
the motion suggests that we should come back for further discussion of that
issue and perhaps this issue of subcommittees. How extensive they are,
how long their duration is, how they're noticed and staffed could be part of
that subsequent discussion about schedule.

Council Member Burt: I have one question that might (inaudible). My
question is—this is more for the City Attorney—noticing them publicly
doesn't necessarily mean that they're Brown Acted committees, right? We
can have publicly noticed meetings and it doesn't have to be governed by
Brown Act rules. I don't think there's anything in the law that requires that
they be Brown Act. We simply want them to be open to the public. That
may reduce the complexity of it.
                                                                      Page 131 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
