                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thank you. Folks, I wanted to ask a question
about some numbers in the Staff Report here. On page 19 in the discussion
of the VTP 2040 process, it says an estimated $40 billion in projects and
programs were submitted for an estimated $20 billion in potential funding
including future grant funds as well as sales tax funding. Most of the
numbers we've seen about the sales tax funding are over 30 years it'll raise
$6 billion. Am I reading this correctly that the implication is that if the
County raises $6 billion, they think they can get another $14 billion in
Federal and State grants? Is that where that number comes from?

Mr. Keene: Correct, that's what Staff is saying.

Council Member Filseth: When the Silicon Valley Leadership Group was here
a couple or three weeks ago, I remember one of the questions we asked
them was if you look at past transportation tax measures that raised money
here in the county that were augmented by Federal and State funding, how
much Federal and State funding did we get. I believe Mr. Guardino's answer
was over the last four transportation tax measures, that had been
augmented by about 25 percent. $14 billion relative to $6 billion is about
200 percent more. Is there any more detail on why this one will raise such
vastly larger amounts of Federal and State funding than the last four
transportation tax measures? Is there any more detail on that, that we've
been given?

Mr. Mello: I would just like to state that we have the latest list of projects
that were submitted to VTA. The total request was actually $48 billion. I
would guess that a significant number of those projects may have funding
already dedicated in the regional TIP, Federal and State funding. There's
also the new cap and trade funding that's available directly from the State.
We're being joined by Jim Lightbody who may have a little more information
on that.

James Lightbody: I just wanted to add that that 14 billion includes the 2000
measure which is raising about $7 billion. That's a big chunk of it.

Council Member Filseth: Is that right? The 2000 measure which is raising
another $7 billion, that's not allocated to projects and that's available for
these projects?

Mr. Lightbody: It is allocated to projects, but those projects are in the 40 to
50 list of projects. They're trying not to double count it.

Council Member Filseth: One of the things that's going to be of interest to
this Council is sort of how money is going to be available for things like

                                                                         Page 43 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
