                          TRANSCRIPT

fantastic. Visual arts. The Palo Alto Art Center kind of owns this space. The
Friday Night at the Art Center is one of my favorites. They also have family
days, ceramics, exhibitions. Also, we have the Junior Museum and Zoo. In
addition to the animal exhibits, they have several educational components to
those programs. Very kind of comprehensive look at health that we're
offering currently from the City.

Mr. de Geus: Sorry. The built environment is another area, of course, that's
tremendously important.        We obviously involved the Planning and
Community Environment Staff in this. You had a Study Session this evening
on bike safety and the Bike and Pedestrian Plan. Making a lot of progress
there, bike boulevards and these types of things. Next slide. It was fair to
say after we got to this point that the City of Palo Alto actually is very, very
fortunate. This is probably not a surprise to the Council. We've invested in
health in all sorts of ways over many, many years. I think there's just a lot
to be proud of here. Yet, we were still at a point of what do we do with this
Priority, Healthy Cities Healthy Communities. We started to take a look at
other communities, other cities. What are some best practices that cities
have had here? We looked, obviously, at the World Health Organization that
had a lot of resources and material. We looked at the Michelle Obama Let's
Move campaign, which is another sort of related. There's a number of these.
We looked at one called Healthy Eating Active Living which was more local
out of the League of California Cities. I found this one pretty interesting. It
was a Resolution essentially. By the way, most of these other city efforts
seem to form around some type of Resolution that the city council or
community would adopt and pass. The League of California had a similar
one; it was called Healthy Eating Active Living. It had three pillars around
land use, healthy eating and employee wellness. As we discussed this, we
this group, this framework looked very promising, but it wasn't fully
reflective of what we were hearing from the community. We continued to
adapt it. In fact, we met with the folks from League of California Cities.
They came and visited with us. They encouraged adaptation and to make it
your own as a community. Approximately 180 cities in California have
adopted a Resolution related to this, and they're all a little different based on
the specific community interests from where they are. As we looked at what
we could do here, we kept the three pillars of the environment and access to
healthy food and healthy workforce, and we added a fourth section called
healthy culture. We think this was more reflective of our community. It was
more relevant. It was local. It certainly was also bold and comprehensive
as a Resolution. That brings us to the Resolution. The first section is called
healthy culture. It addresses elements of health that support social and
emotional, mental health.       Healthy culture encourages expression of
                                                                          Page 57 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
