                          TRANSCRIPT
This is a very attractive, well designed building that replaces an outdated
building that has inefficient and failing systems. This building is exactly
what the tenants that I'm working with are looking for. It provides them
with the flexibility to build and design their own stores. They need effective
and efficient space that complements their business and the product they
are offering. I just wanted to make sure that I let you know that I do
support this project. I respectfully ask that you approve the project. Thank
you.

Stephen Levy: Judy Kleinberg emailed Council Member Kniss asking to cede
her time.

Mayor Holman: We don't do that. We don't have one speaker cede their
time to another speaker to give them more time. It's just not something we
do.

Mr. Levy: I've heard people talk for ten people here.

Mayor Holman: Yes, but that's determined ahead of time.          Stephen, you
have three minutes.

Mr. Levy: There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity
under the heavens, begins the beautiful passage from Ecclesiastes that we
all know. 2015 is the season for the Council to look at development and
parking and transportation and maybe make some modifications to the
existing practice. Tonight I hope is the time to honor the existing rules
under which this and other applications have come forward.                 More
importantly, the existing precedents around this difficult issue of
compatibility. The Staff has told you that the building complies. The Staff
gave you no illegal actions in this building. It complies as to height and as
to retail and as to parking Transferable Development Rights (TDRs) and in-
lieu payments. It provides things that are in the Comprehensive Plan that
are good. A mixed-use building Downtown, bicycle access increased, and a
green building which you can only have with a new building. You come to
this compatibility issue. I'm not a lawyer; I'm not an architect. As some of
you know, I don't see too well, so I can't get into the intricate design issues.
I can walk a neighborhood, and I have a pretty good sense of precedent. I
can tell that there's a similar height building across the street. I know that
you have approved a much larger building for 500 University Avenue and
611 Cowper Avenue and 600 block of Waverley Street, all of which are far
less similar to their surroundings than this building. Tonight is a night to
honor those precedents. All we have now is a new Council and an angry
audience.     We don't have anything that distinguishes this issue of
compatibility from the others that you have heard appeals on and have

                                                                        Page 32 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
