                          TRANSCRIPT
seeing in the area. There was also a recognition amongst those who
participated in the meeting about the changing dynamic of retail uses and
how that's affecting or could be affecting the transition of retail and increase
in some of the personal service uses that we're seeing in the area. Some of
the issues that were discussed at the meetings included the topic of formula
retail. As reported in the report, there didn't seem to be an interest in an
outright prohibition about formula retail, but those who advocated or
expressed a concern about it did advocate for a limit. There was discussion
about the perceived impacts and benefits of formula retail. We've included
in the Staff Report an attachment of other California cities that do have
regulations that affect formula retail. Regarding some of the initial Council
conversation about possibly regulating the number of restaurants in the
area, Staff believes that the existing regulations that are in place today and
most notably the restrictions on parking, requiring one parking space for
every 60 square feet of floor area of the dining area, eating and drinking
area, effectively limits any new restaurant taking place on California Avenue.
It doesn't necessarily preclude it outright, but we believe it is something that
we're not likely to see. What the Council also discussed and also was talked
about at the community meetings was the possibility of expanding the R
Combining District beyond California Avenue, where it is presently and
shown on that map, to possibly include Sherman Avenue, Cambridge
Avenue, those two adjacent, parallel streets. As noted in the report, there
was a conversation about some expressed that if we expanded to those
adjacent side streets that it could dilute the retail core on California Avenue.
At this time, Staff doesn't have enough information to affirm or deny or
reject that assertion. At both of the meetings parking was discussed. I
know that the City Council will be having a conversation about this as it
relates to the capital improvement plan that is forthcoming. We recommend
at this time that the City Council direct Staff to amend the Municipal Code to
define what formula retail is and to establish a regulatory process,
discretionary review, to evaluate formula retail uses on Cal. Ave. We also
look to the City Council for guidance on adjustments to the boundaries of the
R Combining District as well as some of the other items that were noted in
the Staff Report, most notably restrictions to nail and hair salons, whether
there's an interest in collecting more economic and retail data for California
Avenue and the adjacent side streets, and if there's interest in further
community outreach before preparing any Ordinances that the Council may
desire. I'll conclude with that. Look forward to answering any questions.

Mayor Holman: I want to ask one procedural question of Staff. Not knowing
where all the Council Members are going to go tonight, is it possible that we
could put in place an Interim Ordinance for this? A placeholder Ordinance.
Staff could come back with any refinements at a later time, so we don't hold

                                                                         Page 36 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
