                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Thirteen's the least timely. I think we should push
on.

Mayor Holman: Thirteen and 14. Are we going to continue with Items 13
and 14, Council Members? Okay. I'm hearing yes from everybody.

13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Making Permanent the
      Interim Measures to Eliminate Certain Parking Exemptions Within
      Downtown by Amending Municipal Code Chapters 18.18, Downtown
      Commercial (CD) District and 18.52, Parking and Loading
      Requirements; the Planning and Transportation Commission
      Recommended Adoption.
Mayor Holman: Item 13 is a public hearing, adoption of an ordinance
making permanent the interim measure to eliminate certain parking
exceptions within Downtown by amending Municipal Code Chapters 18.18,
Downtown Commercial (CD) District, and 18.52, Parking and Loading
Requirements,    and  the  Planning  and   Transportation   Committee
recommended adoption. Staff has a presentation, and also City Attorney
has a comment to make.

Molly Stump, City Attorney:        Thank you.     We don't have much of a
presentation.     We just want to introduce the topic with a couple of
comments. Planning Director Hillary Gitelman may jump in with some
additional statements. Council Members, this ordinance makes permanent a
set of changes that you made two years ago to remove exemptions to
various projects in the Downtown CD District.              They were various
exemptions that provided for parking that would not need to be either built
onsite or funded through in lieu payments. The Council wished to remove
those exemptions, thus, increasing the supply of parking, and did so with a
series of two interim urgency ordinances. Those ordinances have a time
period that they are extant for, and then they go away. This ordinance is a
regular ordinance that would merely make permanent those changes to the
Code that we in this community and landowners and developers have been
living with now for two years. It makes no changes to the status quo.
Again, it's the continuation of the parking rules situation that's been in place
for two years now since Council removed those exemptions. Looks like the
Planning Director has nothing further to add.          We're here to answer
questions. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: We have one member of the public who would—Council
Member Scharff, did you have a question? We have one member of the
public who would like to speak to this item. Jeff Levinsky, and you'll have
three minutes.

                                                                         Page 93 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
