                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth asked if the Council could impose a financial penalty
for the fourth citation in 12 months with increasing financial penalties for
each successive citation or a similar program.

Ms. Stump would review such a program. For complaints regarding many
occupants of a rental unit, the City had been successful in working through
the existing process. Usually, a second complaint did not occur because
renters agreed to cease and desist.

Council Member Filseth was referring to people renting residences as hotels.

Ms. Stump indicated residents should file a complaint.

Council Member Filseth asked if the City Attorney had sufficient support in
the Code to handle complaints.

Ms. Stump responded yes.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted benefits of short-term rentals. The key issue was
whether the City could work with newer and better-established online
organizations to collect the TOT and to vet individuals. Short-term rentals
would be valuable if handled appropriately. The question was whether the
City could establish a process that was nonintrusive and that utilized a third
party to vet both sides of a transaction.

Council Member Burt advised that recommendations for owner occupancy
and a limitation of the number of occupants required Code changes. Council
Members offered recommendations but did not reach a consensus for Staff
to prioritize work on the item. Ongoing egregious situations would need to
be addressed.      If Staff could better enforce Ordinances in egregious
situations and neighbors could resolve complaints fairly quickly, then the
City may have reached an appropriate balance. The Council needed to
provide Staff with better guidance.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired about what information Staff needed to proceed.

Mr. Keene reported Staff indicated the challenges of making significant
changes in the near term. Based on the conversation, other initiatives were
more important than this issue. He would not recommend the City pursue
collection of the TOT. Code changes would require much work that would be
better spent in other initiatives. The Council should revisit the issues in a
year to reassess Staff resources. Staff could review improvements to Code
Enforcement such as enhanced coordination and additional outreach.




03/09/2015                                                             117- 68
