                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Kawahara: I wouldn't agree with you. I wouldn't agree with you that
we are double counting the costs. What we're being asked to do by the
State Density Bonus Law is to estimate the cost of the BMR units. That's
one question. We've done that.

Council Member DuBois:      That includes the lower rent of the BMR units
themselves.

Mr. Kawahara: Correct. What we're being asked is whether the benefit to
the project with the BMR units is in excess of the cost of those BMR units. If
it is in excess, then arguably they do not need all the concessions they're
requesting.

Council Member DuBois: Right. The value includes a lower value, because it
has BMR units.

Mr. Kawahara: That's part of the project, so you have to include the cost as
part of their project. I don't agree with the point that this is a double
counting of costs.

Council Member DuBois: I'm still having a hard time understanding that.
It's like saying here's the value of a rental but it's a subsidized amount. The
expenses to run that rental also include that same subsidized amount. It
looks like you're losing money. If you only apply that to one side of the
equation, you're actually making money.

Mr. Kawahara: The problem that I’m having with the argument, as I'm
hearing it, is that the project has a net economic benefit to the applicant as
compared to this CS zoning alternative. I think the therefore is that,
because there is an economic benefit from the proposed project, he doesn't
need any of the concessions he's asking for. On that basis, you could deny
every single density bonus application in the state, because every project is
going to have an incentive to do it.

Council Member DuBois: I'm saying something quite different.          There's a
significantly larger benefit than we're seeing.

Mr. Kawahara: Right. That is the very question that we're analyzing.
Whether that incremental benefit is too much. Not whether or not the cost
is included in both sides of the equation.

Council Member DuBois: Let me ask you a question about the alternative
zone. Did you make similar assumptions on parking exemptions and a TMA
and all of that?


                                                                       Page 138 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
