                         TRANSCRIPT
area. At this point Josh Mello got back to us today and said that as far as he
knows there is no funding identified for redoing the San Antonio overpass by
Caltrans at this point. As we know now, that is really not an option, other
than to put bikes and pedestrians on the current structure.

Mr. Shikada: Also just to reinforce in terms of the County and in this
particular case, VTA, we did meet with VTA about 3 months ago, was it?
Again, they're very supportive. They're putting money into this project.
Clearly they don't see it as duplicative with any other project.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION:     Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

A.    Cease negotiations with Moffat and Nichol for a contract for design of
      the Moffat and Nichol low-profile suspension bridge, Submission C,
      from the Adobe Creek Pedestrian & Cyclist Bridge 2014 Design
      Competition; and

B.    Proceed with a Request for Proposal (RFP) for design services to
      develop a new bridge concept for the Highway 101 Pedestrian/Bicycle
      Overpass Capital Improvement Program (CIP) project PE-11011 that
      meets the current CIP budget of $10.1 million (not including Staff
      costs), with a budget addition of $0.35 million in Regional
      Improvement Program construction funds and a potential budget
      contribution of $1.0 million from Google, for a total anticipated budget
      of $11.4 million; and

C.    Partner with Google to secure a $1.0 million contribution from the
      company to supplement the project budget for the Highway 101
      Pedestrian/Bicycle Overpass; and

D.    Pursue additional public and private funding to support inclusion of
      enhancements to standard bridge design and construction cost
      increases, for a potential upper project budget of $13 to $17 million.

Mayor Holman: Do you care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: No. I'd rather go home.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: Nope.
                                                                      Page 120 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
