                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: The last question following up on this parking
assessment district. What happens with the existing restaurants when they
change hands? Do they maintain their spots in the assessment district?

Ms. Gitelman: The assessment is by the use and the space. There wouldn't
be a change on change in tenancy.

Council Member DuBois:      Restaurants could turnover and continue to be
restaurants. Thanks.

Council Member Berman: Just a few questions. Some questions have been
asked, which I appreciate the questions and the answers too. If we were to
have a CUP process for formula retail, it says here that individuals not
satisfied with the Director's decision can request a hearing before the—I'll
move over to moreover it includes opportunities for interested parties to
raise the matter to the City Council at no cost if dissatisfied with the
Director's decision. What's the definition of an interested party in this
instance? Is it anybody?

Mr. Lait: It would be anybody could request a hearing. Once a hearing is
requested, it goes to the Planning and Transportation Commission. That's a
recommendation that then gets forwarded to the City Council. There's no
fee for that.

Council Member Berman: We can assume that everything we do somebody
would appeal, for anything that we do on Council. To Council Member
DuBois' question about other communities and their processes, do other
communities have this type of a pretty low bar, no bar to appealing the
Planning Director's decision?

Mr. Lait: It's a little bit different in Palo Alto. The Director would make the
decision. To have that opportunity for a request for hearing to be heard by
a non-decision making body, to then forward that recommendation to
Council, that's a little bit unusual. In other communities you would have the
decision maker make the decision and that decision would typically be
appealed to a commission or ultimately to the City Council.

Council Member Berman: With there being more requirements or criteria to
the appeal.

Mr. Lait: It could.

Council Member Berman: Maybe I'm misunderstanding. This seems like it's
an appeal; it's just a no cost appeal that anybody can bring.


                                                                         Page 46 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
