                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: It would be going to three stories anyhow?

Mr. Ross: Correct.

Council Member Berman: Defeating the purpose of staying at two stories.
My recollection from my days on IBRC was that this building, the day it was
built and completed, was already obsolete. Our needs had already expanded
what we planned for. We're talking about building a Public Safety Building
for the next 50 years. I think it's important that we build a Public Safety
Building that has the opportunity to grow into additional needs that we can't
anticipate today. I had a couple of other thoughts, but I'm blanking under
the time pressure. I really think it's important that we keep in mind the
long-term perspective. We talked last week about the fact that, yes, it is
more expensive than we anticipated, but certain tax revenue is higher than
we anticipated also. We have the ability to utilize that money to help cover
some of these additional costs. For folks that don't know, IBRC, Staff, the
Infrastructure Committee and our Public Safety Staff spent a lot of time
really cutting all the fat possible from the size of this building to get down to
what we have today which is much smaller than what we started with. Let's
really look at building the best possible building on what's not a perfect site,
but what is a good site. It's important to get this done and make sure that
this is a building that we can really be proud of and utilize for the next 50
years.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. I think I agree with virtually everything
Council Member Berman said. I won't necessarily repeat it. I do think some
of it needs repeating a little bit. First of all, I think construction costs have
gone up 30 percent or more. If we're going to look at every infrastructure
project that comes before us, we have to assume it's going to be more
expensive than when we first budgeted it. That doesn't mean anyone is
wasting money or anyone's building the Taj Mahal here. I think it means the
construction costs have gone up. I do think we need to think about that.
When I read this I actually didn't think the three story or the two story
would be that controversial. I guess I have to ask, the new project that's
going up across the street on Ash Street, across the street over next to the
little park, the huge hole on Sherman ...

Mr. Eggleston: 385 Sherman.

Council Member Scharff: ... how tall is that? That's a huge project. It's like
forty-some thousand square feet.


                                                                         Page 92 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
