                         TRANSCRIPT
longer on the table. That's a start. I would encourage you to try and find
other folks who have a legitimate interest and help them understand that
their enlightened self-interest and your enlightened self-interest are perhaps
overlapping. That's one observation I would make. Second issue was ...

Council Member Scharff: Stanford trail funds.

Supervisor Simitian: Stanford trail funds. I suspect many of you know, but
no reason that folks in the public might know, ultimately Stanford University
made the decision, going forward on the trail plan that they had, not to
access County funds.        The reason for that was essentially, in my
understanding because I wasn't directly involved in the conversations, that
County staff wanted to impose certain restrictions and expectation on the
allocation of the funds that ultimately the University decided were more than
they wanted to accommodate to access the funds. They said, "No. We've
got our planning approvals. We'll simply go ahead without the funding, and
we will leave the funding behind." That's what happened. That funding to
the tune of about $4 1/2 million remains unspent. You don't have to worry
that it being spent without your knowing about it. It is sitting right there.
At some point we will sort of roll up our sleeves and say, "It's time to talk
again about how those funds might be well used." I know that there are
some members of this Council who have opinions on that subject. Not to
worry, it won't be something that happens quickly or without public notice.
When the time comes, we'll say, "Let's go back to the drawing board and
talk about how those funds might most appropriately and productively be
used consistent with the fact that they are fees and, therefore, have to be
used in a way that's consistent with the purpose for which the fees were
generated." The third issue was ...

Council Member Scharff: The third issue was whether or not there's an
alternative to the VTA and (crosstalk) Citywide consortium of everything
from—I don't know—highway west of 85 cities, all the way up.

Supervisor Simitian: As you know there's a cap on the total sales tax rate
that cities can impose in the county pursuant to State law. At some point
you get close enough to that cap where it becomes an either/or, not both. I
think that's what you're talking about. My hope would be that it doesn't
come to that. That being said, one way to avoid that is to make sure that
there really is a ballot measure that provides meaningful congestion relief
throughout the entire county which would then give every portion of the
county reason to say, "We don't need to do our own thing. We understand
we're part of a larger transportation infrastructure. As long as our local or
subregional needs are being met, we want to be part of that larger solution."
When I pulled out the numbers that I referenced earlier for an analysis of

                                                                       Page 13 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
