                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: It would be helpful if pretty soon we had some motions put
on the floor to help guide the rest of this discussion. Otherwise, we'll have
to get another round to do motions and discussion on the motions.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Our goal is not to get into wordsmithing of each item. I
do like several general comments. Mayor Holman pointed to the theme part
of the report as articulating very well general statements and to capture
some of that language. I like some of the comments supporting the more
focused wording that comes out of the PTC, especially on Transportation,
Community Services and Natural Environment, but without losing some of
the critical statements that people have identified. From my perspective
though, I want to note that we're not just approving statements that have
been here for two decades now, but dealing with some of the issues that
have arisen from them. From the comments I've heard from my colleagues,
there are four things that jump out at me. How do we deal with conflicts?
When we find that two of the statements in practice run into each other,
how do we prioritize a response to those impacts? Maybe some kind of
overarching statement on that. Number 2, a number of people have made
the point that quantification of impacts, measurements of impacts is very
valuable and focuses attention very clearly. I don't know whether that
belongs in the Vision Statements, but it is something that many of us keep
coming back to. The third element is who do we expect as the judge of
conflict, of how we're doing in prioritizing. The current Comp Plan seems to
state clearly that the public is a key judge of whether things are successful.
How do we get that type of language in there clearly stated of what the
appeals would be when there's a conflict? Finally, the word "balance"
appears in virtually all of the statements. How do we measure impacts?
How do we look at growth? How do we look at who pays, who benefits?
How do we share the cost of adjustment to things? Those are overarching
issues that cross the boundaries of the Vision Statements. It's something
anyone trying to work with the Vision Statements over time keeps coming
back to. Is there some general guidance we can provide to users of the
Comp Plan?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure it's quite time to make motions. I
wanted to ask Planning Director Gitelman, are you looking for motions
relating to the Vision Statements or is listening to our discussion adequate
feedback for you to continue to work on crafting those or coming back with a
different vision?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. We certainly don't
need a motion. What I'm hearing from the Council is a very thoughtful
weighing and blending of the two. In the case of different Elements,
choosing a different column as the starting place and weaving some of the
                                                                         Page 39 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
