                          TRANSCRIPT
but that we get engaged with the State Demographer's Office. The State
Demographer has been reassessing the long-term outlook for California and
reducing growth projections over time, which is very important for a
sustainable state. The Plan bay area, which is connected to the State
Demographer's Office, is beginning their update for 2017. They have their
first public meetings next month.        What happens in the bay area is
important to us and our role. It ties into our Comprehensive Plan and our
role in bay area growth. Our tendency in the last decade has been to be a
leader of job creation in the bay area and probably in California. I note that
in the last six or seven years now that the growth of housing in Palo Alto is
between one-third and one-half of the growth in jobs that is taking place in
Palo Alto. We are creating a greater deficit between employed residents in
the City and jobs in the City. While we can focus on green buildings for new
office space and be very efficient during the workday, people are leaving the
City to live elsewhere where their spending on cars, on gas, on other parts
of the sustainable world is not the same as us. The question is what impact
are we having by having a jobs-housing imbalance as great as it is. A
coordination between our sustainability work and our Comprehensive Plan
work would be very effective in the long run of creating not just beneficial
impacts here but impacts that help our neighbors, help the bay area, help
the State of California reach a sustainable level that makes sense. I would
encourage you as we go through that process that you try and reach out and
make connections. Thank you.

Council Member Burt: Let me first dive into the water issue. In one sense
it's perhaps an even greater challenge. I also think it may be a more
achievable challenge to overcome. We know that we not only have the
drought today that is potentially a harbinger of what the future may be, but
I was at a local government commission conference where three panelists
among the top water experts in the State made a point that was striking to
me. We know now from historical data that the 20th century was the
wettest century in the last millennia in California. When we talk about a new
future on water, it's actually more drastic than that. Our baseline in which
the State essentially established both our expectations for water availability
and the allocations commensurate with what we thought would be the
normal water availability was based upon a century that was anomalous.
Our baseline is much worse than we thought. That's the bad news. The
good news is that this is probably an area that solutions are within sight.
The drought may be driving us and spurring us to act sooner and more
aggressively than we otherwise would have, but the opportunities are still
the same. We already have been working on a plan to drastically expand
our non-potable recycled water. We have Phil Bobel here who can give us
more insight on that. That was going to be a major new water system
distribution up Page Mill Road for irrigation and potentially toilet water for all

04/20/2015                                                                117- 293
