                          TRANSCRIPT
the Research Park has these large landscape areas, it appears that we may
have enough space for round-abouts there.

Ms. Cameron: We'll be happy to work with the City especially in terms of
Hanover if that's the direction the City wants to explore in the future. Like I
said, every project would require more design work and consideration. My
primary concern with Foothill and Page Mill is the traffic volumes on both
expressways are incredibly high. You would end up with quite a multi-lane
round-about to be able to handle all the travel going through there.

Council Member Burt: My understanding is if you have a two-lane round-
about, you're going to have a greater capacity than we presently have at
that signalized intersection. I'd be very interested in seeing the number
crunching on that capacity with a two-lane round-about. People may have
apprehension about speed, but in reality we have times where we have a 50
mile an hour speed limit going over that hump, which is almost a mile.
When the traffic is unimpeded, people are going 55 miles an hour over a
winding surface, and it's dangerous. It's dangerous in particular for bikes
who come out on that Old Page Mill area. I would like to see a serious
consideration of dropping the overall speed to 45 over that hump. We're
shouldered at 35 miles an hour on either end. A short-term measure that
I'd really like to see is look at where the signage is, not only the speed. If
you're coming from 280 and you come down over the hill, you're warned
that there's a 35 zone ahead as you approach Foothill. On the other side of
Foothill is a 35 mile an hour sign. According to the signage, the speed limit
through that intersection is 50 miles an hour. When you're coming over the
side toward 280, right before all the bikes are coming off Old Page Mill,
there's a sign that there's a slower speed zone ahead. We're basically still
55 miles an hour as bikes are trying to cross those lanes. If you look at the
math and the amount of time savings that someone gets by going an extra 5
or 10 miles an hour over that hump for 3/4 mile, it inconsequential. I'd like
to see some of those short-term improvements, some of those things that
we could do in the near term, which would be minimal cost for these kinds of
things.     You already touched on this, but we want to look at the
transportation tax and what we could do to expand not only our local
shuttles from what's going to be an electrified Caltrain at Cal. Ave.. We're
going to bleed off a lot of this 280 traffic if we have a great local shuttle
system between a frequent stop Cal. Ave. which is now once an hour most
of the day to regular stops. And Long distance shuttles or buses that feed
into the Research Park from 101 and 280. If we get that coordination with
VTA, the Research Park, the City and yourselves and do modeling about
what would be the car capacity and demand, how many trips we would
generate if we did a series of significant steps on transit and then we can
see what our real future demands are going to be. Your modeling is correct
                                                                         Page 20 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
