                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: The 15th, that's fine. We will do the second budget hearing and
hopefully it could be expeditious. Right now you also have 441 Page Mill on
the agenda for the 15th, which should probably sail through very quickly.

Mayor Holman: The motion in front of us is to continue Item Number 9 to a
date certain of June 15th. Did Council Member Kniss ...

Council Member Kniss: And first on the agenda.

Mayor Holman: And first on the agenda. Did Council Member Kniss accept
that date as the seconder?

Council Member Kniss: Yeah. I think I suggested it.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously with all
Members participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: We return now to Item Number 8. It is 10:31. Council
Members, why don't we combine questions and comments, and let's try at
least a first round of five minutes apiece.

Council Member Scharff: Why are we breaking it up for motions separate
from questions and comments? We used to do questions and then we'd do
comments and motions.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Scharff, we can do questions and
comments together, which we sometimes do.

Council Member Scharff: We've never done that before this year.

Mayor Holman: Sometimes, not often. It doesn’t matter that much.
Questions and comments combined, five minutes and watch the speaker
light for the one-minute notice.

Council Member DuBois: Unfortunately I missed the start of this item.
There was a wonderful award ceremony at Gunn tonight fortunately for my
son. Unfortunately for me, he was at the end. I did hear some of the public
testimony on the radio, but I didn't hear the entire item. I will be listening
tonight but not participating. I will watch the part I missed. If it comes
back to Council in the future, I'll participate then.

Council Member Burt: I'll start off with a few comments. I'm not sure
whether I have more questions. First, it's not an issue before us tonight on
whether there is a right to build a new structure per Code here, nor a
                                                                       Page 70 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
