                              MINUTES
Council Member DuBois asked if the credit was related in some way to the
Gavilan Water District.

Mr. Fiedler replied no. The Gavilan Water District merged into the Santa
Clara County Water District.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the Usage by City in Appendix F
was total usage in the table.

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director, advised that the total usage for 2014 from
January to September was the fourth column. It did not cover the entire
calendar year. For three-quarters of the year, Palo Alto's usage was 9,431
acre feet.

Council Member DuBois asked if the number for San Jose reflected its total
usage.

Ms. Fong explained that the numbers for San Jose reflected the amount of
water purchased from SFPUC.     San Jose was an interruptible SFPUC
customer.

Council Member DuBois clarified that the total reflected the amount
purchased from SFPUC not the total water for the city.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the City received all its water from the south
Sierras. A water supply from the Trinity Alps and the Shasta Water Basin
could be more secure. A 7 percent stake in the California Water Project could
monetarily be a valuable asset. He inquired whether the City received some
right to California Water Project water through its annual payments.

Mr. Fiedler was not sure the Water District had rights. The Water District
had contracts with the State and Federal Government that paid for facilities
necessary for transporting water from either Oroville or Shasta. The Water
District contracted for the delivery system to make that water available to
Santa Clara County.

Council Member Schmid asked if the City was buying the right to a portion of
that system and the water that flowed through it.

Mr. Fiedler reported the Water District held a contract for 100,000 acre feet
of water. If the system could not fulfill all contracts, then the Water District
would receive a portion of the 100,000 acre feet. The Water District
expected to receive 20 percent of its contract amount, even though costs
were fixed and would have to be recovered.



03/23/2015                                                              117- 125
