                          TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager:          Thank you, Madam Mayor, Members of
Council. First topic is Assembly Member Rich Gordon will chair an Assembly
Select Committee hearing on waste reduction and recycling in the 21st
century this Wednesday, November 4th, from 1:00 to 4:00 p.m. here in the
Palo Alto Council Chambers. The hearing is open to the public and will
provide an overview of statewide household hazardous waste programs,
progress on integrating environmental costs through the lifecycle of products
including current challenges and future opportunities. The hearing will
include elected officials, industry and local waste haulers as well as health
and safety organizations. For more information, go to asmdc.org for more
information. With today's rain, we are reminded of the importance of
preparing for what we anticipate will be a very wet winter. Come to the City
sandbag day on Sunday, November 15th, between 9:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m.
to pick up filled sandbags at the City's Municipal Service Center, the MSC,
located at 3201 East Bayshore Road. That's on the other side of 101. There
is a maximum of ten bags per passenger vehicle or 20 per commercial
vehicle per trip. For more storm prep and related information, go to the City
of Palo Alto website, cityofpaloalto.org/storms.           Some updates on
infrastructure projects around town. Some of you had commented to me
about Alma Street being torn up. I did want to share that that is actual
street maintenance work, and it will be continuing this week on Alma Street
between Colorado Avenue and Rinconada Avenue. That is a City project and
involves the preparation for the paving which we will do. There's significant
concrete repairs that have to be done to the sub-base of the street and
grinding down of the old pavement. We apologize for the inconvenience, but
I can report that Alma will be repaved with rubberized asphalt concrete on
Saturday, November 7th. Residents should expect delays this week on Alma
from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. and then again on Saturday from 8:00 a.m. to
6:00 p.m. Once this portion of Alma Street is complete, the contractor will
begin concrete repairs on Middlefield Road on the section from Menlo Park to
Lytton Avenue. This work is the first part of three years of work that will
complete the repaving of the northern half of Alma Street and Middlefield
Road from Colorado Avenue north to Menlo Park. This accelerated schedule
is due to the increased investment funded by the Council in Fiscal Year 2015.
We're continuing it into this year, and the remaining portions of Alma and
Middlefield Road are planned to be repaved in 2016 and 2017. The Baylands
Nature Center Boardwalk has been a concern of Council and many folks in
the community. It is now partially open for public use after Community
Services and Public Works Staff made repairs last week and opened the first
200 feet of the Boardwalk. You will recall that the Boardwalk was closed in
spring of 2014 because of safety concerns about structural damage. The
City is currently completing a feasibility study on options to repair or replace
the entire Boardwalk. The recommendations on interim repairs to reopen
part of the Boardwalk, as you see here, came from that study. The next
                                                                          Page 6 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
