                          TRANSCRIPT
got that wrong. I definitely think we should have some kind of quantitative
scoring process and not just first-come-first-serve. Looking through the
Ordinance, the way I read this self-mitigating project exemption is if it
improves the 3.04 job ratio. If a new building only had a 3.0 job ratio, that
would improve 3.04. I personally don't think that should be an exemption.
I'd rather see that as part of the selection criteria. If there was some
quantitative process, the degree that a project improved the jobs/housing
ratio would give it points in the process. Actually, when you look at the
selection criteria, I think it's already there. It's called out in terms of
housing and retail. In the selection criteria, I'd like to see something more
quantitative. I think actually we should delete—let me pull up the Ordinance
here—Criteria E and F on packet Page 132 which is monetary public
benefits. Actually just "E," I guess, the way it is in here. To me, it's just
sounding like a mini PC. I guess what I'd like to see is quantitative scoring
criteria you could apply to a project without public benefits, so all these
other things that are in here. I'm curious what my colleagues will think
about that one. I did have a question about what it means to be deemed
complete. I know we've talked about this multiple times since February, I
think was the first time. If a project is appealed, is it still considered
complete?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the opportunity to clarify. Completeness is
something that happens while an application is in our shop for Staff review.
An application will come in; within 30 days we have to identify any missing
pieces or clarifications, additional information that's required to process the
application. When we receive the requested materials, the application is
deemed complete. At that point, it's ready for CEQA review, the analysis of
Code compliance and other Staff work that precedes bringing an application
forward for a decision.

Council Member DuBois: It's complete, but not approved.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: I would actually attempt to make a Motion that
would incorporate, I think, both the pipeline and the scoring mechanism. I'd
move the interim Ordinance with the deletion of the self-mitigating buildings
as an exemption, and ask Staff to return with an administrative scoring
procedure to Council to be used to rank projects and to give projects in the
pipeline after March 31st but deemed completed as of June 15th more
weight in the process. I had a third thing which was for the program to
return to Council in two years before it ceases to be in effect, to be either
affirmatively continued or modified/replaced.


                                                                       Page 111 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
