                          TRANSCRIPT
retail in that. I see no reason to include retail in that. We've spent the
last—I don't know—six or nine months encouraging retail.              This will
discourage retail. I think that's foolish. I can't support that on that. Also I
think we just spent huge amounts of time working out an interim pacing
mechanism. I think we want to see a little bit as we go through this how
this works a little bit. I think we want to say things that open it up a little
bit more. I think we want to say things like to direct the CAC to look at a
pacing mechanism for commercial, nonretail growth. You may want to have
different pacing mechanisms and different amounts for Stanford Research
Park. You may not want to have one in the Stanford Research Park. I think
it's too early to say Citywide. I think you may want to have a different one,
frankly, Downtown than you have on Cal. Ave. You may want to have a
different one on El Camino. I think all of these we should leave open to
discussion rather than make that decision tonight. Therefore, I will move a
substitute motion that says that we direct the CAC to look at a pacing
mechanism for nonresidential, nonretail growth.

Mayor Holman:     I'll second that.   I want to amend it a little bit, but I'll
second it.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Mayor Holman to direct the CAC to look at a pacing mechanism for non-
residential, non-retail growth.

Mayor Holman: Do you need to speak to it any further?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, I do. This is one of the more important
things we do. We spent a lot of time thinking about an interim ordinance.
Here we're going to be very prescriptive in a way that's very different than
our interim ordinance, if we went with the other motion. I think that's not
making policy in a deliberate and thoughtful manner, which is what we want
to do. We put the CAC together; let's let them discuss it. Let them look at
all the different options. Let's come back and let's also evaluate a little bit
about the interim cap that we put in. I think we don't need to be that
prescriptive tonight. I don't think we should. I clearly think we should not
include retail in this.

Mayor Holman: My amendment to this—thank you for this—is to direct the
CAC to look at—I think it would be pacing mechanisms, maybe it might be
plural.

Council Member Scharff: That's fine. "Pacing mechanisms" is good.

Mayor Holman:      To look at pacing mechanisms for office and R&D
development and its impact on jobs-housing balance.
                                                                       Page 109 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
