                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: You could do those then as a result of the motion. I was
looking for additional questions. Vice Mayor Schmid, did you have a
question?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. The LA program has been mentioned a couple of
times. On page 7, there's a description of the LA FIT Program. It starts by
saying there was a strong market response. Yet, over time high project
cancellation rates have been observed at each price level as projects
encountered uneconomic costs.      Is that an indication that the LA FIT
Program has not been effective?

Ms. Ratchye: I don't know much more than what is in the report about that
program. You may want to ask Craig Lewis about that. Some of the things
that happen over time as we've seen with solar, the cost of solar has fallen.
You don't need as high of a rate as you pass time to get a project done. I'm
sorry I can't answer your question about why or how successful or
unsuccessful that program is.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It seems clear though that the guaranteed rate has not
been effective in Los Angeles.

Ms. Ratchye: As it declined.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Schmid, did you want to ask the question
of the member of the public or not?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, if you do have some information about that table
on page 9.

Mr. Lewis: I'm not sure which table you're talking about, but I know a lot
about the Los Angeles program. The rates started high and have come
down over time. They drop on a regular, periodic basis. Almost all of the
fallout that's happened in the Los Angeles program as well as any other
program is a result of something that is encountered that was not foreseen
either in the lease agreement with the property owner or, more frequently,
with the interconnection associated with the utility. In all of these programs,
the interconnection costs are on the backs of the project developers. For
example, on the City-owned parking structures, all of the costs to
interconnect those projects to the grid including any grid upgrade costs that
are associated with upgrading the transformers on the grid or
reconductoring power lines. It could be utility-owned infrastructure, it's
going to be on the backs of Pristine Sun. They're going to have to pay for
that, and they're going to have to absorb it in their margins. They've
obviously budgeted some amount for that. If a project proceeds in these
types of programs and they find some surprise upgrade that is required, it
                                                                         Page 41 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
