                          TRANSCRIPT
differential. You can see, when you calculate differential or subtracting the
cost from the benefits and then dividing that by a derived savings per
person, Palo Alto ranks very high on that list. We are investing wisely as far
as I can tell. Another way of looking at the differential is this is a net benefit
per person or an equivalent reduction in taxes. I know everyone is
concerned about the amount of taxes that they pay, so I'm sure reducing
taxes by $78 per person is appreciated. We next explored the challenges.
Managing a significant piece of infrastructure like our urban forest is not
without challenges. Some of the primary ones that we're struggling with
now very high on the priority list are water and species composition. Those
are strongly related to each other. There are many trees that were planted
at a different time when Palo Alto had a lower population. We did not have
the water concerns that we have now. Some of those trees take a lot of
water to maintain. You can see from the sticky notes that there are
differences of opinion on how we should move forward with the challenge of
managing our urban forest in consideration of water. Some people have
observed that lack of water is a major concern. A number of our trees, in
fact the vast majority, belong in another part of the world. We're not
disputing that; however, a lot of these decisions were made 50 years ago.
There are also people that say, "I do not approve of removing mature trees
that are healthy, just because they're not native." There is a disparity of
opinions here.      The urban forest has tried to synthesize those into
reasonable programs that are considerate of both sides of these significant
issues. A little bit more on water. There's been a lot of talk about native
species and drought tolerance. The Urban Forest Master Plan not only
provides a list of drought-tolerant species, but also programs that relate to
increasing the amount of native species that we have, being very
considerate of drought tolerance and also proposing trees that will be
tolerant of water from other sources, such as our recycled water. Any time
that we're going to make a change, it's very important that we conduct
education and community engagement, because only about 25 percent of
our urban forest is controlled by the City on public property. The other 75
percent is in private ownership. If we fail to influence the private owners
that own 75 percent, then we're not making tangible progress. In light of
that, we are proposing to educate property owners, educate developers.
We're proposing to produce new materials, encourage nurseries to make
appropriate species available, because oftentimes people are limited by the
selection when they visit a nursery. We're proposing programs such as a
preferred and restricted species list developed in conjunction with the
community and goals for increased representation of our native species in
segments of the population, for instance, street trees, park trees and trees
in open space, so there's minimum thresholds established that are likewise
going to be expounded upon in our Sustainability and Climate Action Plan
and our Parks Master Plan. Supportive technology is also being employed.
                                                                            Page 69 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
