                        TRANSCRIPT
6.   Approval of an Amendment to Contract No. C12141854 With the City
     of Inglewood for Handling, Processing, and Collections of Parking
     Citations and Fees.

7.   Resolution 9515 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Fixing the Employer’s Contribution Under the Public Employees
     Medical and Hospital Care Act (PEMHCA) With Respect to Non-CalPERS
     Elected Council Members.”

Mayor Holman: Moved by Council Member Kniss, second by Council Member
Berman to approve the Consent Calendar with the inclusion of the at-places
revision to Attachment C of Item Number 5. Vote on the board please. That
passes unanimously with Council Member DuBois not present.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

Action Items

8.   PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of a Record of Land Use Action (RLUA) to
     Allow the Demolition of an Existing 10,800 sq. ft. Two-Story Mid-
     Century Modern Office Building and Construction of a New 24,466 sq.
     ft. Three-Story Office Building for an Increase of 13,666 Net New sq.
     ft. The New Building Would Have One Level of Below Grade Parking
     and a Roof Terrace and is Located in the Community Commercial
     (CC(2)) Zone District at 2555 Park Boulevard. The Requested Action
     Includes Approval of Architectural Review and Approval of a Design
     Enhancement Exception Request to Allow Two Stair Towers and a Roof
     Top Canopy Structure to Exceed the Height Limit by Ten and Thirteen
     Feet Respectively; Adoption of a Resolution 9516 Entitled, “Resolution
     of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Certifying the Final
     Environmental Impact Report (EIR) and a Statement of Overriding
     Considerations. The Planning and Transportation Commission Has
     Recommended Approval of the EIR.               Environmental Impact
     Assessment: Certification of an Environmental Impact Report and
     Statement of Overriding Considerations.

Mayor Holman: We have disclosures to make as this is a quasi judicial item.
Council Members, if you have disclosures to make, please turn on your
lights.

Council Member Wolbach: I met with a small group of residents and toured
the site. I did not learn anything in that meeting which substantially
changes my views of the project.


                                                                      Page 31 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
