                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: If the Director brings it to you in a logical sequence and is
essentially relinquishing that authority, and the Council agrees to take on
the decision. The Council also has the ability to certify the EIR and send the
decision back down to the Director to make the decision. We thought that
would be an inefficient process. You have the authority to do that as well.

Council Member Scharff: If we agree to certify the EIR, I also agree with
Cory, that we should do the TDM exception, the parking exemption option. I
wanted to understand that I'm correct on this. The time that we say that we
want the planning exemption option is when we approve or disapprove the
EIR because that's where that option is. If we made a motion to certify the
final environmental impact, that's where that would go.

Ms. Silver: It can go in either place. It seems more appropriate to put it in
connection with the entitlements.

Council Member Scharff: Where are the entitlements?

Ms. Silver: The entitlements are approval of the project and approval of the
DEEs. Say we're not going to approve the DEE. That's what I’m hearing. If
we're not going to approve the DEE, they either go standalone or it goes
with the EIR, one or the other.

Mr. Lait:    The parking alternative, I agree with Cara Silver that the
entitlement is the appropriate way for the Council to express its interest on
that alternative, if that is what carries the day. The parking alternative, the
Director has the authority to reduce parking by not more than ten spaces.
That's the action that the Council would take. As you heard just a moment
ago, the Council is making decisions for the Director in this case, because of
it being brought along with the EIR. You would be making decisions on the
ARB findings, the Design Enhancement Exception. If you supported the
parking alternative, you would simply note that in your motion as well, that
you're supporting that alternative with the parking reduction of, I think, six
spaces or something. Ten spaces.

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to take it out of being quite so specific and
ask a couple of things that are in here. What we're asked to do is certify the
EIR and adopt the Resolution of the Statement of Overriding Considerations.
Agreed? We have to do those two things. Just so we know where we're
heading, I don't think I can do those two things. Let me talk for a minute
about the DEE which talks about exceptions that enhance the design. We've
all been talking about this as an enhancement, but it's very subjective. I'm
not quite sure how we decide whether that's it or not. I realize the applicant
in this case can be regardless. As soon as they meet the height limit, they
can build. Right now, though, according to this—I realize we've heard some
                                                                        Page 80 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
