                          TRANSCRIPT
community on the whole and to exempt themselves from what could be
quite an onerous process.        The hope here is that the stick of the
development cap can encourage developers to take this stick of this
exemption, add to our housing stock in Palo Alto, which we need to do, and
develop projects that take responsible measures to mitigate their traffic
impacts, which we also want to encourage developers to do. If the whole
purpose of this development cap is to encourage the type of development
we want to see in Palo Alto, this furthers that effort.

Council Member Filseth: This is problematic as stated. It's very vague. I
could support something on the housing front. Currently the jobs-housing
ratio in Palo Alto is about 3.3:1 or something like that. If you put a number
on it that said it's going to have a jobs/housing ratio of less than three or
something like that, I could see supporting that. The problem with the
traffic mitigation is the stuff is impossible to measure and impossible to
enforce. We say we're going to get GoPasses, and somebody does an
analysis. It's impossible to measure, impossible to enforce. If we pass
something like that that says substantial traffic mitigation, we're basically
throwing out the whole idea of a cap. Every project will buy GoPasses and
have public transit. You can't measure it, and I don't believe you can
mitigate it 100 percent anyway.

Council Member Burt: First, I want to respond to the refrain that I heard
from several members of the public, and now it's making its way up to the
dais that a cap is a blunt measure. It's only a blunt measure if it's designed
in a blunt way. We could use that descriptor. I'd like to put that one to bed.
We've already done two different things that are not blunt. If you want it to
be blunt, keep calling it blunt and we'll get blunt. Then we can get real rigid
and not accommodate these kinds of less blunt components to it. What
we're doing is we're in the process of designing it in a subtle way; that's not
blunt. On to this particular motion. While I don't agree that it's impossible
to measure or enforce full traffic mitigation, it has to be done in a very
deliberate way. I would not support something that talked about substantial
mitigation. My intent within this cap, from the outset, was to drive projects
that would essentially have these elements within the 50,000 square feet,
not have necessarily above it. This is part of why I've felt that this is an
interim measure. As we go forward toward the Comp Plan, we may be able
to, on the other side of this, have projects that we might choose above
50,000 if everything is fully mitigated. This was an interim measure. I want
to see projects that fully impact their traffic and parking. There are ways to
fully impact it, by addressing impacts that are not directly created by that
project. It's neighboring projects. If you can hypothetically address half of
your car trips or the net increase in those car trips, one thing to consider is if
you have a 5,000 square foot building and you're going to 10,000 square
                                                                          Page 67 of 145
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/15/15
