                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman stated that her comments were not intended to curtail
anyone's right to speak or to participate in a meeting. It was a matter of
being efficient and effective.

Council Member Wolbach did not believe the Council decided to send any
items to the Policy and Services Committee for consideration. He asked if
the Council had decided not to refer items of Meeting Management to the
Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Holman explained that she had requested Motions be offered at the
end of the discussion.

1C). Discussion and Potential Action on Committees

Council Member DuBois asked if Council Members had proposed any topics
at the Retreat.

Mayor Holman recalled three suggestions from the Retreat. In 2014, the
Regional Housing Mandate Committee committed to continue review of
housing sites and to provide comments regarding housing mandates and the
Density Bonus Law to lobbyists. Currently the Regional Housing Mandate
Committee was inactive. Without a Regional Housing Mandate Committee,
the Council should assign those tasks to another body. She questioned
whether the body should be the Policy and Services Committee, the Council,
or an ad hoc Subcommittee of the Council.

Council Member Berman asked if the Comprehensive Plan process would be
appropriate for that discussion.

Mayor Holman did not believe the legislative aspect was a part of the
Comprehensive Plan process. Housing sites were typically Zoning issues.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, advised
that Staff made a commitment in preparing the Housing Element to consider
eliminating sites in the southern part of the City, adding new sites, or
increasing densities. Staff included those issues in the Comprehensive Plan
Update.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council was faced with what it wanted to accomplish
and how to accomplish it. The question of Committees fell under that
discussion. The Council should question the role of Committees for the
Council. A particular Committee was not needed to solve a particular
problem. The Density Bonus Law could be handled through the Council
legislative process.

Council Member Burt had intended to add the Density Bonus Law to the
legislative Agenda. The Council could handle the legislative aspect, and

02/17/2015                                                         116- 488
