                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: It's the opposite of what you believe you just said.

Mayor Holman: Your main motion then says—okay, all right. I do still need
this. I will stand by this, yes. Sorry.

Council Member Burt: You said remove "or specific plan," and you omitted
removing "or coordinated area plan." If Fry's is a coordinated area plan,
under your amendment it would still be allowed to carve out immediately.
Both terms should be used.

Mayor Holman: That's fine with me.

AMENDMENT RESTATED to remove from the Motion, "Coordinated Area
Plan or Specific Plan."

Council Member Wolbach: If you end up removing coordinated area plan or
specific plan, then all the stuff about SOFA doesn't matter anyway. That
was an exemption to the exemption. If you're removing the primary
exemption, then you don't need the exemption to the exemption. One thing
I wanted to briefly—we might come back to this; although, I try to avoid
beating a dead horse when I can. This is one of the reasons I was hoping
that we could talk about things in general, and I guess we will before we
make a final motion because this is all tentative. The issue of what kind of
impacts a specific plan or coordinated area plan might result in is something
I was planning to discuss in our next section. We'll get to that, and we
might come back to this. I want to make sure it's not lost on colleagues.
The idea is to encourage developers to start the City process of planning
with community-centric vision rather than developer-centric vision.

Mayor Holman: Can we vote on the amendment please?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Could I ask what you've done here? The main motion
reads with the exception. If you take out coordinated area plan or specific
plan, there's no subject matter.

Mayor Holman: Correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid: What's with the exception of the South ...

Mayor Holman: The subject is that we'd use the precise boundaries as
outlined for the potential office and R&D boundaries and the development
cap that's proposed by Staff. Council Member Scharff, your motion should
have "as proposed by Staff."

Council Member Scharff: That's fine. We can add "as proposed by Staff."

                                                                      Page 58 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
