                         TRANSCRIPT
concern about the environment and that overachiever aspect that we have,
we're hoping that we can focus on education and incentives.

Council Member Kniss: Apparently though in Santa Cruz, they had some
overzealous residents who were reporting on their less zealous residents,
which became somewhat of a problem. Food for thought.

Oral Communications

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. You know me; I'm
Stephanie Munoz. I thought I would give you a little bit different perspective
on the Buena Vista property owner.          When my children's great-great
grandparents were in California, the United States of America conquered
California. They, at the time, owned a great deal of land because the
progenitor was a Mexican civil servant. He was general inspector of the
missions, and he was a customs officer at Monterey. Anyway, they had a lot
of land grants. Of course, it didn't go all that far amongst 18 children, but
still it was a lot. One day the county came and said, "You'll have to pay us
taxes or leave this land." Like I said, but this is our land. We've had it for
several generations. Nope. You've got to get off it, so that somebody else
can come on here who can pay the taxes and develop this land into
something worthwhile. They went. Then my grandmother in San Francisco,
she also had rental property. She didn't want to sell it. She wanted to keep
it. It was during the Depression.        They were going to ride out the
Depression. She wasn't allowed to keep it. The Federal Government and
San Francisco took it over by eminent domain. They bought it for a song,
because of the appraised value. It was very low during the Depression.
Neither could have their tenants, nor could they have the appreciation from
the gain. Then my mother, during the War, turned my father's office, he
had been a physician, into housing for girl marines, and the rest of our
house into also housing for girl marines. Over the years, she had three
pieces of property, which as you can imagine rose a lot. End of her life, US
Government said, "No need for you to live in this house. We'll take 39
percent." For no damn reason. They took that. I can't be too sympathetic
with people who think that they're entitled to use the property and to get
the profit on the property that other people have had to give up, that other
people have had to pay the taxes to maintain and the taxes to raise the
investment in infrastructure that has made the property worth more money.
It does seem to me that if the County of Santa Clara tells somebody that,
number one, you may not buy property, but you must rent, that they have
some obligation to keep that renting available to the people who take it.
Thank you.



                                                                         Page 14 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
