                          TRANSCRIPT
in place for two years or until the Comprehensive Plan is completed. We
think—it was the Council's intention, and we agree, that it will take at least
that long to see how it's working. The intention, I thought, of the Council
was once we see how it's working to either include something similar to this
in the Comprehensive Plan Update or to modify it and expand it or contract
it or change it as needed at that time. The two-year period, I thought, was
a Council suggestion intended just for this purpose, to be able to tell if it's
working or if it should be expanded or extended to other parts of town.

Mayor Holman: I still think it makes sense to do the six months on Stanford
Research Park though. Yes?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry to ...

Mayor Holman: The TDM aspect ...

Ms. Gitelman: ... disagree. On the TDM, of course, we're happy to get back
to you on that.

Mayor Holman: ... which is "a."

Ms. Gitelman: It's just development doesn't happen at a pace that six
months would tell you much of anything on "b."

Mayor Holman: I'm a little bit concerned about waiting two years having to
do with "b" though, and that's why I put that out there. I'm happy to make
it a year instead of six months. But two years?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, I think we came into this with the Council's direction.
I thought that direction was to craft an interim Ordinance that would allow
us to test this idea of an annual limit on a subset of the City. If you want to
modify that, we can go back to the drawing board. We were thinking,
though, that this would not be a full employment act, that once we had an
interim in place, we would focus on the Comprehensive Plan Update and
what kind of growth management strategies to include in that. There
wouldn't be another interim step on the way to a final recommendation.

Council Member Scharff: Are you accepting my amendment?

Mayor Holman: How is your—your amendment really is just with including
Stanford Research Park. I'll wait and see what other people have to say.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman has seconded your amendment.

                                                                        Page 90 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
