                          TRANSCRIPT
revisit it, but I thought that was somewhat ... Anyway, I think Staff did a
good job on this. I think we should move forward on it and get to the rest
before it gets too late.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speak to your second.

Council Member Kniss: I think this is the first one we've gone through that's
relatively easy, well laid out. The grandfathering part of it is very important,
I think, for the long-term recognition of the buildings that are in our
community. I'm delighted that we're making this that explicit. Glad to pass
the Motion.

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other lights. I'm going to ask—I think this is
what is intended but not in the Motion. Two things actually. One is let's put
the explicit language in for the change that is there, 120(a)(2)(C), which is
the volume of space is replaced with three-dimensional shape and space.

Council Member Kniss: Where are you exactly?

Mayor Holman: On the Motion that's on the screen. It's already got
(a)(2)(C). The explicit language is "volume of space" is replaced with
"three-dimensional shape and space."

Council Member Wolbach: The Staff recommendation on this line?

Mayor Holman: Yes. Replaced with "three-dimensional shape and space."
That's just making it explicit. For the maker and seconder, I am supposing
what you would also want to do is Section 18.18.060, at the bottom of page
23, "e," this is what we had done before. For the purposes of this section,
disability-related, the language became instead of "minimum extent
necessary," it became "incremental square footage necessary to
accommodate." To be consistent ...

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the end of the Motion, “to replace
‘volume of space that is’ with ‘three dimensional shape and space.’”

Mayor Holman: For the maker and seconder, I am supposing what you
would also want to do is Section 18.18.060, at the bottom of page 23, "e,"
this is what we had done before. "For the purposes of this section,
disability-related," the language became instead of "minimum extent
necessary," it became "incremental square footage necessary to
accommodate" to be consistent ...

Council Member Scharff: I'm fine with that.

                                                                         Page 89 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
