                           TRANSCRIPT


Action Items (Continued)

9.    Review of a Draft Scope of Work for the Fry's Master Plan and
      Adoption of a Resolution Regarding the Use of Regional Transportation
      Funding (Continued from June 8, 2015).

Council took a break from 9:49 P.M. to 9:58 P.M

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Mayor
Holman, Members of the Council, I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director.
We have a presentation this evening on the Fry's Master Plan and a question
for you about a grant that we've been awarded. Some background to start
with. Early last year, you received a transmittal from the Planning and
Transportation Commission of a draft concept plan for the California Avenue
area that had been many years in the making. It had received a bunch of
community input along the way. At the time it was brought to the Council,
Council authorized us to pursue a grant for further planning related to the
Fry's site. We've since received notice that we've received the grant. We've
been working towards grant acceptance with the VTA, which was the original
granting authority. Recently through a number of changes, it now appears
that the grant will be coming to us through Caltrans and requires approval of
a resolution for MTC. Rather than working with the VTA as the granting
agency, we're working with MTC. The money would come to us through
Caltrans. We wouldn't have to use a consultant selected by the VTA; we
could select our own consultant. There's some benefits to this recent
change. Just a reminder. Fry's is probably one of our largest under-
developed sites in Palo Alto. It's about 15 acres, currently occupied with a
mix of uses. It is on our housing inventory in our Housing Element, because
it's zoned for multifamily residential housing. We have a realistic capacity in
our Housing Element of 221 units; although, it's zoned for more than that.
The draft California Avenue concept plan, which has not been adopted and,
therefore, does not constitute City policy at this point, is proposed for
inclusion in the Comprehensive Plan Update that's underway. It presents a
proposed vision for three different subareas including California Avenue,
Park Boulevard and Fry's. The focus in the concept plan is on pedestrian and
bicycle access and safety, allowing change while preserving the quality of life
in what is seen as a transit-accessible part of Palo Alto. The Fry's subarea is
identified in the draft concept plan as an opportunity to create a walkable,
mixed-use neighborhood if and when Fry's relocates or downsizes. We
understand from the property owner that Fry's current lease or current

                                                                         Page 63 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
