                          TRANSCRIPT
code interpretation which is referenced here in the Motion. This is much
better, but I still have a question for Staff. When in the opinion of—it's the
fourth line down on ordinance page 5, under Zoning Code interpretations.
When in the opinion of the PCE Director a formal written decision is
warranted, the Director shall make the written decision available to the
public by posting it on the City's website. My question is how will the public
know that's where to go look? Will also notification cards be sent out to
people within the project radius? If we just put something on the City's
website, people have to know to go look at the website to see where this is.

Mr. Lait: As I understand the conversation before, I think that was one of
the things that we were trying to address which was to make it more public.
With the quarterly reports, that's another avenue in which we would let the
community know. No, the idea of noticing is not proposed.

Mayor Holman: A quarterly report doesn't let people who have potentially
concerns about a project, it doesn't advise them of what the interpretation
is.

Mr. Lait: Again, I think what we're trying to do is balance—as it was said,
we make interpretations daily. It's what we do. Right now, nobody sees it.
What we're trying to do is create a process, where a formal determination is
required, to make that available. Again, we're not changing the language of
the Code. All we're doing is ...

Mayor Holman: Understood.

Mr. Lait: ... trying to apply it to the particular case. If we felt that it had a
broader implication that there was going to be—while we may always find
somebody who doesn't agree with the interpretation, if we thought we were
making wholesale changes to the Code, we wouldn't use the interpretation
as the avenue to bring it.

Mayor Holman: I do understand. It's the major/minor question. We've had
situations where we've vacillated back and forth. For instance, whether
seismic bonuses are for buildings we take down or not. That's a pretty
significant discussion, but it's never been brought forward until now. Thank
you for doing that. How do we get that kind of interpretation in front of the
public except for quarterly?

Mr. Keene: I hate to say it—I mean I'm assuming we're talking mostly
about minor issues here, right?

Mayor Holman: Mm-hmm.

                                                                         Page 66 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
