                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I don't know exactly where to add these. When I was
reading through this, on Attachment A, Page 2. I need Council Members to
listen here too, because it's not clear where they go. Council Members, if we
could please. Page 2—thank you—Bullet 4 says conserving water and
energy and securing long-term water supplies and renewable clean energy.
This is Page 2 of Attachment A. There are just some bullet point here that
aren't referencing specific goals and policies.        These are just some
comments made by PTC is how I understand it. Director can tell me if that's
okay. It seems to me—I don't know where to exactly find those—we ought
to be including reclaimed and recycled water to that fourth bullet wherever it
belongs. If Council Member DuBois would entertain that addition. Again, I
don't know what goal or policy this is referring to.

Council Member DuBois: I believe it would be N-4, water resources. Yeah.
I would just caution that—again, I think we're trying to stay at the high
level, goal level. I think a lot of these things are included in policies and
programs. I just caution that we don't try to work everything into the goals.

Mayor Holman: Are you accepting that?

Council Member DuBois: Yes. If you wanted to add it to Goal N-4, I would
accept that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: That's acceptable.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “add reclaimed and recycled
water to Goal N-4 (Water Resources).”

Mayor Holman: In the next bullet ...

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Mayor Holman, can I ask a question?

Mayor Holman: Yes, sure.

Ms. Gitelman:      I'm just trying to figure out—so we understand your
direction. Goal N-4 currently is about water resources that are prudently
managed to sustain plant and animal life, support urban activities and
protect public health and safety. It seems to me if we were going to talk
about recycled water as part of that, it would be a program that would be
under the goal unless you can think of a—once we start talking about
different water resources in the goal itself, we're going to start getting huge.

Mayor Holman: Like I said, I don't know where the best place is to apply it.
                                                                          Page 56 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
