                          TRANSCRIPT
Consent Calendar

John Guisun spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 2: I'm John Guisun. I
live on what we call Middlefield North, a section of Middlefield between
University and the Menlo Park border. The City Manager just spoke to the
issue that I want to address, but I want to give you the residents'
perspective. We read the City Staff Report about what the repaving would
do to Middlefield. As far as the driveway aprons, the Staff Report said it
would replace them as needed. During our more than a year discussion with
City Staff, we had been told that would be a resident choice. As it turns out,
if you dig into it and talk to Staff, they will clarify that and tell you it is a
resident choice. As far as the sidewalk area to Menlo Park, that was also
promised to be fixed when the road was repaved. The last news I have this
afternoon is that we don't own that walk. It's part of Menlo Park; not part of
Palo Alto. We cannot repave it without Menlo Park's permission. That
seems to be something we might have looked into before we have the
contract signed, but at least we're looking into it now. Finally the sidewalk
buckling repair, that was also something we had talked about and were told
it would be taken care of. The Staff Report leaves that out entirely. When
we read the Staff Report, we were a little bit excited about it, because it
didn't have all the elements that we expected. After maybe five days of
back and forth with Staff, we've gotten some of that cleared up. The
remaining item that concerns us is the Staff Report says the grinding of the
cement core will take place on Saturdays. That's probably the most noisy
and dirty part of the job. The reason the Staff Report gives for doing this on
Saturday is "it will minimize inconvenience to the traveling public." I hope
that City Staff feels that the residents are a priority over the traveling public.
We're going to have to deal with this construction for six weeks, every day.
Now we're going to have to deal with it for a few more days, maybe two
days. Construction tends to run overtime, so maybe it'll be more than two
Saturdays. Maybe it'll be three or four Saturdays. That's not the right
approach. The other part that's irritating is that we've reached out to the
City for the past 15 months to talk about improving Middlefield's safety. It's
congested. We have the highest accident rate for any four blocks in the
City. It's dangerous to wait on the sidewalks. The crashes end up with cars
on our sidewalks on front lawns. This repaving is not addressing any of that.
It's just repaving a bad design, a bad configuration. It's not going to
address the accidents. We had hoped that, by talking to the City 15 months
ago, they would consider that when the repaving would take place; that has
not happened. At a minimum, I would ask you to go back to Staff and see if
they can, at least, not make us endure Saturday grinding of cement cores
along with the six to eight weeks of construction.

Mayor Holman: Looking for a motion regarding the Consent Calendar.
                                                                            Page 35 of 82
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 06/22/15
