                             MINUTES
studio tenants. Because the vast majority of residents owned mobile homes
that could be moved, her comments would focus on those residents. The
park owner was required to provide sufficient relocation assistance to allow
residents to move to comparable housing in a comparable community; a
comparable mobile home in a comparable mobile home park. The park
owner was also required to reimburse residents for any loss of investment in
their mobile homes and reimburse residents for any remaining loan
payments on their mobile homes. The park owner proposed relocation
benefits based on an unknown appraised value, which did not consider the
value of the park being located in Palo Alto. The park owner also had to
provide a lump-sum relocation payment to all residents, regardless of
whether or not their mobile homes would be moved.               The lump-sum
payment included moving costs, first and last month rent, a security deposit,
a one-year rent differential for low-income families, and additional
assistance for disabled and senior families. Comparable housing meant
sufficient relocation assistance so that a Buena Vista resident could purchase
a mobile home or condominium in a comparable community. The Ordinance
specifically defined comparable mobile home, comparable mobile home park,
and comparable housing. The Ordinance listed amenities a comparable
community should have. Buena Vista Mobile Home Park was located near
public transportation, shopping, medical facilities, community amenities, and
recreational facilities. The list of amenities was meant to include schools.
People wanted to move to Palo Alto because of its schools. Palo Alto schools
were among the best in the nation. Buena Vista residents had a 0 percent
school drop-out rate, in comparison to the drop-out rate of 28 percent for
Latinos in Silicon Valley. Utilizing appraised value for comparable housing
was not an adequate measure and was not contemplated by the Ordinance.
Appraised value was not used in the definition of comparable housing or in
the list of payments the park owner was required to make. The projected
average appraised value of mobile homes located in Buena Vista was
$22,000. The current range of prices to purchase a mobile home in
Mountain View and Sunnyvale was $120,000 to $380,000. Even more
problematic was the unknown amount of relocation assistance to be
provided to residents. The Council would make a decision on the adequacy
of the relocation package when no numbers were provided. The Hearing
Officer provided no recourse for individual residents to appeal relocation
assistance once the amount was made known. The Ordinance contemplated
a third-party review of relocation assistance. The park owner was
circumventing that by not providing numbers for relocation assistance. The
final appraised values would likely not be sufficient to allow residents to
move to comparable housing, because the park owner proposed use of the
same methodology used for the relocation impact report. The appraisal
methodology did not consider the value of being located in Palo Alto and
used low comparables to assess value. Lump-sum start-up costs would not

04/13/2015                                                             117- 216
