                          TRANSCRIPT
it significant from a historical viewpoint. There are many other things, and I
think your ARB has made that determination appropriately. We'd like to
comment more specifically on some points raised, if I can have a few
minutes. Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: We have asked everyone to respect the time. Your
architect will have three minutes to wrap up with any concluding points.

Mr. Van Atta: I just one to make one point. I just want to make this point.
We have our traffic engineer here, who can ...

Mayor Holman: Excuse me, sir. Sir, you were given three minutes just like
everyone else. I would appreciate it if you would sit down, please. The
people who had more time were representing five different speakers. I'm
sorry, but it is our rules and we try to abide by that for everyone, so it's an
even playing field.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Our
Municipal Code has so many exemptions it's like a vast candy shop. Projects
grab all that they can, but sometimes they get carried away and start
grabbing exemptions that they're not eligible for. In this case, I want to
bring your attention to the break room exemption. This is from the Staff
Report. The project is claiming exemption from 1,346 square feet, and that
gets it out of six parking spaces that it's not providing. If you look through
the Municipal Code, you will not find an exemption for break rooms. The
closest thing is for onsite employee amenities and, specifically, it mentions
onsite cafeteria. Is this building going to have a cafeteria? Cafeterias are
regulated by the State Code. You have to have different sinks for food
preparation and employee hand washing. You have to have separate
janitorial facilities. Food disposal is regulated. Ventilation is regulated, and
a lot of other things. The proposed break room has none of those features.
It's got one sink; I believe each one of them has a sink, but it doesn't seem
to have all the other things that would be required to turn it into a cafeteria.
They're also rather tiny. Each one averages about the size of a three-car
garage. If you're going to run a cafeteria in that, where would you put all
the food preparation, serving, the cashier, the seating? It would be a rather
tight space. There's another problem. If you give an exemption for break
rooms, how do you know it's going to remain a break room? These buildings
are going to last for 50 or more years. The conditions of approval, I looked
through them; I couldn't find anything that requires this room remain in use
as a break room. The City has no enforcement I know of to keep rooms like
these from being used as offices. Once a tenant moves in, they can put
people at tables there, and there's no more break room. It's regular office
space. I don't believe the EIR considered the impact on parking in the

                                                                         Page 63 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
