                          TRANSCRIPT
to try to chase a very ambitious goal. That's good enough for now. Thank
you, guys.

Council Member Wolbach: First, thank you to the entire Commission for
amazing work. We just interviewed for people to replace the two outgoing
Commissioners. Thank you both for your exceptional work and service.
They have big shoes to fill. We haven't picked yet, but we have some
fantastic applicants. It really speaks also to the nature of our community,
that we do have such phenomenal applicants, people with tremendous
breadth of experience, skill and intelligence and commitment to civic service
that are willing to dedicate their time free of charge to helping us supervise
and guide our utilities which is, as Chair Foster said, unique here in Palo Alto
and such an asset for us. Just going down the list of some of these things
that were discussed that I'll say, "Me too" to. Fiber, yes and we should do it
quickly. I agree with Council Member Burt's comments on that. On
communications, yes. This is a large issue for us in general. Time-stamping
Commission meetings, reports that come to us so that we can quickly look
up when those comments were said or recommendations were made during
a video, so we can go and watch the actual video if it seems relevant to us,
that would be really useful but might be more for Staff to work on as well.
Sorry guys. Also as a new Council Member, this being my first time meeting
with you, having a presentation or just a written report in advance of the
meeting from the Commission before we have our next joint Study Session
would be great. Electricity, yes. Let's definitely move seriously to explore
another connection point. It is vitally important. On natural gas, it hasn't
been discussed a lot tonight. I haven't made up my mind yet. Some people
think we should move to being a natural gas-free City. I'm not there yet,
but I am open to that consideration. I know you have a lot on your plate,
but I hope that you're looking at ways to reduce natural gas use. On water,
in addition to water efficiency and water reuse, something that I would
envision being a big long-term project that would incorporate Public Works,
Planning and Utilities is being a world-class leader in rainwater capture.
Those are my comments for now. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Commissioner Eglash, do you have comments or thoughts?

Mr. Eglash: Sure. Did you want the rest of the Council to finish speaking?

Mayor Holman: Go right ahead.

Mr. Eglash: Thanks to all of you for your comments and input tonight.
These annual meetings are a huge treat for us to hear directly from you and
share our thoughts directly with you, as opposed to the way we usually do
this through inferring things through lots of written communication. Thanks


04/20/2015                                                              117- 277
