                         TRANSCRIPT
because the Fry's lease was renewed. We don't want to wait and get caught
having to rush again. The pressure to complete it is off a little bit.

Council Member Burt: One follow-up on this issue of obligating the funds by,
you said, January 2017. "Obligating the funds," does that mean signing the
contract? What does "obligating the funds" mean?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't have a lot of experience working with this funding
program, so we would have to investigate that with the granting agency.
We'd have to call them up and ask them how they view that.

Council Member Burt: There's nothing in the grant that says you have to
complete the project within a certain timeframe? We gave an estimate?

Ms. Gitelman: If this turns into a large planning effort and takes longer than
the 18 months, it would probably also cost more than this grant that we'd be
receiving. There's a potential that we could use the grant funds early in the
process, and then supplement that as needed if the process continued. To
be more specific about the terms of this grant, I'd have to do more research
with the granting agency that I haven't done.

Council Member Burt: The current zoning of the 30 units per acre on
housing, does that in any way prevent us from restricting average unit sizes
as part of the Master Plan for this area?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't believe so.

Council Member Berman: Is there somebody from Sobrato here? No?
That's unfortunate. You are? Does Fry's have any other options after 2019
on the property?

Tim Steele, Sobrato: Mayor and City Council, Tim Steele, Senior Vice
President of Real Estate at Sobrato. Their lease expires in early 2020.
There are no additional options beyond that. A few of the other leases
within the property extend beyond that, but there's rights for us to
terminate those leases co-terminus with the Fry's expiration.

Council Member Berman: My understanding is you guys would prefer to
have this process happen closer to the termination of the Fry's lease. Would
you guys be willing to match or backfill the funding that the City would be
passing up from not accepting the VTA grant?

Mr. Steele: We actually approached the City before they applied for the VTA
grant. As the Planning Commission was making their recommendation to
Council to do a Master Plan, we approached them before Fry's was exercising

                                                                         Page 67 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
