                          TRANSCRIPT

that customers might identify on their bills. They might identify $1 a month
or something. We have a small, little pot of money that we can use to help
defray costs for people who demonstrate some need.

Council Member Filseth: This is going to be a comment that goes on the
direction of all this actually. As I understand, we talked about this at the
Finance Committee. Fundamentally, the issue is we're amortizing fixed costs
over a smaller volume of gallons of water. I'm not going to suggest a rate
change from this at this point, but my understanding is that we're actually
mitigating some of the impact of that by burning down reserves. I hope if
we get in this position next year we'll be reluctant to do that. The cost is
what it is. I think trying to isolate that from consumers by burning down
reserves isn't really a good long-term kind of thing to do. I hope we'll be
reluctant to do that if we get into another position. I realize that means, in
fact, that if you did that right now, you'd be talking about even higher rates,
but it is what it is. Thanks.

Council Member Burt: A couple of questions and a comment. First, a follow-
on to Council Member DuBois' question about when the surcharge would be
prompted to be removed. The response was it's in place until the Council
chooses to remove it. I think at the heart of his question was what change
in circumstances would eliminate the need for the surcharge, which would
then trigger a Council action to remove it.

Mr. Abendschein: We're going to have to follow what happens with the
water year and what impact that's having on the drought. That's something
you may not know until well into the spring, especially given how deep a
drought we've been in. It'll be a matter of looking at a lot of things, not just
the water that falls in Palo Alto, but the water that's falling up in the Hetch
Hetchy reservoir. It's not something you'll be able to determine by rainfall
starting in November or December. We'll also have to pay attention to what
the Governor does and what the SFPUC does as far as declaring water use
restrictions loosened. It's going to be a combination of all those things.
We're coming to you with regular updates.

Council Member Burt: I would encourage that set of circumstances to be
included in the communication, not just where we are now, but when and
what will cause this to go away. If we have an El Nino year and we get
heavy rains and we're inundated with water in December and January and
February, people are going to start raising issues of "I'm paying a drought
surcharge in the middle of a deluge." That's going to be real hard for people
to understand.     I think we have to explain from the outset those
                                                                         Page 43 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
