                          TRANSCRIPT
Research Park. Stanford Research Park is a very large employment center
with tens of thousands of employees and with one of the highest driving
rates of the employment centers in Palo Alto. Stanford Research Park is
somewhere between 70 and 80, I can't remember where it is, but quite high
in contrast to Stanford which has a drive-alone rate of well under 50 percent
and Google and Facebook which have drive-alone rates near 50 percent.
Google and Facebook run long distance shuttles, taking people home where
clusters of employees live.      Stanford offers GoPasses for Caltrain and
connecting first and last mile shuttles. Another impressive thing that Google
has just disclosed is that 20 percent of its employees who live within a 5-
mile radius bicycle to work today, 20 percent today. Their goal is improving
that to 40 percent by improving the network within that 5 miles. We're
looking at spending this $50-$100 million to accommodate growth in car
traffic and existing level of car traffic. In Palo Alto's current strategy
focusing on the Downtown, we're looking at Transportation Demand
Management and strategies of reducing car trips, reducing traffic. I am
wondering if we are looking at what can be done to relieve traffic and
congestion on Page Mill. Is it possible to look at programs, first and last mile
shuttles, long-distance shuttles, bicycle improvements for that 5-mile radius
not just on Page Mill, to be able to get that driving rate down and, therefore,
relieve the congestion? If a large proportion of these projects are being
submitted to the VTA ballot measure, can we not look at other categories
rather than the Expressway pot to be able to make those investments to
address the congestion by reducing driving which would also be compatible
with the City's sustainability goals? The City is going through a major
Sustainability Plan. Planning to accommodate the current level and increase
in driving is at cross purposes with the Sustainability Plan. The alternatives
would support that plan.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members. Last year you approved
Staff's recommendation to use some traffic impact mitigation funds to pay
$100,000 as part of this study. The presentation you heard this evening
from the County essentially repeated that statement of fact. However, if
you go to the first page of the executive summary, you will see that it's
really three separate studies. The money from the City was for the second
one which is the conceptual plan line study. In fact, if you look at your Staff
Report, the agenda item refers to the agenda item being the entire report,
but the summary is that it's the plan line review. The attachment to the
Staff Report isn't there. It says that the concept plan line will be provided at
a later date. This evening you have a copy of the report, but it stops at the
body of the text and it omits all of the appendixes which include the
appendixes relating to the concept plan line study. The mitigation fees that
were used were to mitigate the impacts of the development that paid those
fees. Those mitigation fees were not for the purpose of expanding the
                                                                          Page 12 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
