                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you, Council Member Berman. Before I come down
and hand you the Proclamation, let's see if any other Council Members have
comments to make in addition to what Council Member Kniss has already
made in recognition of your service and just you as a member of this
community. There are, I would dare say, not that many people in Palo Alto
given the engaged community that we have and given the number of
controversial projects that come along, you're one of the people that I can't
recall ever hearing anything negative about you, Ralph. I think, given the
number of things that you have been involved in, I think that speaks very
highly of you. I'm a bit envious. I think it really does speak to your
character and how you stand in the community and your standing in the
community. I want to thank you for your service, whether it's the Airport or
your interest in historic preservation and the interest in history. You've
served the community very well and, I'm sure, will for many more years to
come. Thank you.

Ralph Britton, Palo Alto Airport Association Chair: It's really been a pleasure
to be part of this community since I was born, and that was more or less the
same time the Airport moved to the new facility. Thank you very much for
this honor. It means really quite a lot to me. I've really enjoyed working
with quite a number of the Council people and Pat during the period of the
working group. I've certainly enjoyed Liz's company with me on the flight
where I learned that she had at one time been an airline stewardess. You
notice that I didn't say flight attendant either. Anyway, thank you very
much.

Mayor Holman: I was also told that there's cake in the Community Meeting
Room brought in by the fans of the Airport to share with the rest of the
community here. If there's cake left, please help yourselves. Thank you.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: We are this evening going to shuffle the agenda a little bit.
We're going to move Items 8 and 9 ahead of Number 7. Do we have a
motion to that effect?

Vice Mayor Schmid: So moved.

Mayor Holman: I'll second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to hear
Agenda Item Numbers 8- Discussion of Fiber-to-the-Premises Master Plan…
                                                                         Page 4 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
