                    ACTION MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

22.   Consideration of Capping the Fee for Establishment of Single Story
      Overlay Districts and Referral of a Policy Discussion Regarding Single
      Story Overlay Districts and Alternative Neighborhood Protections.

Council Member Wolbach advised he would not be participating in this
Agenda Item as it relates to Single-Story Overlay (SSO) fees because he
lives in a neighborhood that is considering an application for an SSO.

Vice Mayor Schmid advised he would not be participating in this Agenda
Item as it relates to Single-Story Overlay (SSO) fees because he lives in a
neighborhood that is considering an application for an SSO.

MOTION:     Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

A.    Direct Staff to continue the past practice of treating Single Story
      Overlay District (SSO) requests as re-zonings initiated by the Planning
      & Transportation Commission so that no fee would be required; and

B.    To return with an Ordinance updating the Municipal Code to reflect this
      change.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Schmid, Wolbach not participating, DuBois absent

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach that through the Comprehensive Plan Update we explore giving
neighborhoods the option to institute overlays that would provide protections
and/or alternative neighborhood protections.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “giving neighborhoods
the option to institute overlays that would provide protections” with
“establishing a process for neighborhoods to institute design overlays.”

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss that through the Comprehensive Plan Update we explore
giving neighborhoods the option to institute overlays that would provide
protections and/or alternative neighborhood protections.


                                                                          Page 7 of 8
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 6/29/15
