                          TRANSCRIPT

seen in this region anywhere. Supervisor Scott Wiener is obviously a Brown
Act member. He is active on Twitter, and he blogs on policy issues that are
important to the community in terms of his being able to communicate to his
constituents. There are a couple of BART Board Members that are active on
Twitter and on social media and on engaging the public. When you have a
body that part of their role is that they're interacting with the public, my
concern is that the Brown Act is being interpreted not just to prevent people
from talking to a majority of members on something that they're going to
advise on, which is critical. That's the role of the Brown Act. That's one
thing on a Brown Act body that we do not do, but is also keeping people
from playing their role in having a broader discussion in that community. I
think that is stricter than anybody else and would hope that Palo Alto would
find a way to restrict the use of the Brown Act to allow people to participate
in community discussion in a way that is Brown Act compatible, in a way
that's interpreted everywhere else that I see. Secondly, I'm glad to see the
Staff approach in terms of broadening the community in watching many of
our local governments. Cross-expertise, someone who is a Staff member
here being a planning commissioner in some other jurisdiction is something
that's incredibly common. We in the Bay Area with smart people are able to
leverage that expertise across jurisdictions without that being considered a
conflict of interest and without being considered as a way of leveraging the
value and the professional skills that we have in our community. I hope that
Palo Alto sees that in the same way that many of our other communities see
in respecting the expertise and the commitment of our community
volunteers and using their knowledge and skills in their home community.
Thank you.

Joe Hirsch: Good morning. Along with others, I signed my name to a letter
that is in your packet tonight. I want to focus on one paragraph in that
letter, Item 10 about the makeup of the Committee.                It is clearly
unbalanced, having more than twice as many neighborhood representatives
from north of Oregon Expressway as south, 12 versus 5. There are ten
neighborhoods south of Oregon Expressway with no members at all, while
three neighborhoods have two representatives each. Such neighborhoods
are north of Oregon Expressway. The Committee has an excessive number
of people definitely leaning in favor of more high-density development. For
example, there are three steering committee members from Palo Alto
Forward versus only one from Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning. Cheryl
Lilienstein, a strong and outspoken advocate for sensible zoning, applied but
was not selected nor was Terry Holzemer. This brief analysis summarizes
our view that the Committee selection process was not sufficiently impartial.
Palo Alto north is very heavily favored as is Palo Alto Forward. In contrast, it
                                                                        Page 111 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
