                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: It's fine if we agendize the referral. I'm saying on
record now that I don't see that as a protracted discussion. I know Council
Member Burt is absent that night. There may be others absent that night.
You're on the verge of break. My recollection is there are at least two
members absent that night.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt will be here that night as it turns out.

Council Member DuBois: Just trying to respond. I wasn't anticipating that
we'd be referring specific policy suggestions. If you want to limit it so that
that does not occur, I'd be open to that.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, can I try to move this along? We've still
got other budget matters to undertake. All this is saying—just to make sure
Staff's on the same page of this and the maker of the Motion as well—we are
not going to discuss the various policies on the 29th. We're going to refer
the policy matters that relate to this to one of the Committees on that night.
We won't be able to even conjure up all the policies. This is getting
something agendized so we can refer to a Committee, which we cannot do
tonight.

Mr. Keene: That's helpful, if that's a clarification. Certainly, we have a lot of
concerns. One about our ability as Staff to support an expansion of this
topic. The same Staff is doing the retail overlay, doing the Downtown
Development Cap, trying to get the RPP. The list goes on and on and on.
To not get the community expectations so built up that there would be
decisions on the second portion of this thing taking place on the 29th, other
than brainstorming some issues and referring it to a Committee. At that
Committee, we're going to have to deal with the implications of what it
would take to do these things.

Mayor Holman: I note that Council Member DuBois nor I as maker and
seconder have put a timeline in this. It's to get something started. It's not
to make policy decisions before the end of June on that second item. It is
something that has been resonating in the community for a good while.
Some community members haven't known that there was that possibility.
This is just to get something started. It's not to put a timeline to it at this
point in time.

Council Member Scharff: I'm unclear what other neighborhood overlays we
would be thinking about. I might be comfortable with this if we were talking
about an SSO.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, it's an education. I'm trying to
hurry us along here, so pardon me for interrupting. There are all manner of
                                                                          Page 57 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
