                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: A second piece, because this is boundaries issue still. It's
good that Council Member DuBois is still out of the room. A second piece I
would add to that is direct Staff to return within six months with (1) a
report—or (a)—and (b) a report with potential action on office applications
received in areas outside the boundaries.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to direct Staff to return
within six months with a report with potential action on development of
office space outside of the boundaries.”

Mayor Holman: I have several lights from Council Members, and I don't
know if they wanted to speak earlier or not, but I'll take them in order and
presume that they wanted to speak to the boundaries issue, which is what
the Motion is. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I've actually never been comfortable with just
highlighting our transit oriented areas as the places where we would not
want to focus any potential office development. I like the idea of making
this Citywide. If we're going to do this, I think it should be Citywide if there
is a way to exclude the Stanford Research Park from that tentatively, where
we might loop them back in. That might diminish the ability of one of our
colleagues to participate if there's still a chance that Stanford might be
included. If there's a way to exclude them, I'm open to ideas about that. I
live pretty near San Antonio. Joe Hirsch is right; it's a parking lot. I'm not
sure if the language in Part b here is strong enough.

Mayor Holman: Council Member, I'm going to be a little aggressive here
with folks. Bear with me. If you have an amendment or a substitute
Motion, I'm happy to entertain it.

Council Member Kniss: Could I do one point of information? We have an
Ordinance that we're working from. I presume we can change it as we go
along. Could we just have a comment from the City Attorney.

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. You can certainly make
amendments to the Ordinance. However, what's been proposed and noticed
to the public and the various stakeholders does not include regulating
through this office cap mechanism areas outside of that that was
recommended by PTC and the Staff. If the Council is interested in doing
that, we will be directing that you should put this item over and notice more
broadly to allow everyone notice that you're going to be potentially
regulating in these other areas, south of town and Research Park, etc.
                                                                         Page 88 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
