                         TRANSCRIPT
for Los Angeles—but also capturing 50 percent of water needs from local
resources. Vancouver, Canada is going to be 100 percent renewable over a
similar interval. In this period, we've done a lot. There's more than 150
sustainability initiatives across City departments. You have many of those
detailed in Attachment D of your report. All of them are chronicled in a
SharePoint database, ranging from local solar to the electrification question
that a number of you spoke about before in rolling out a sustainability
dashboard to give us more visibility into our performance across the City.
We continue to make progress on reducing our greenhouse gas emissions,
down now about 37 percent from 1990 levels on our way to the State's 80
percent target. You can see that transportation and natural gas remain the
big dogs in that race. Interestingly enough, Vehicle Miles Traveled, (VMT),
have gone up in the last couple of years as we come out of the recession.
Because of changes in the fleet and technology, greenhouse gas emissions
have fluctuated a little bit but not changed very much. It's an indication of
some of the external factors that bear on our work here as well as the ones
that we control ourselves. We've seen progress on reducing water use,
progress on our Zero Waste Strategy. You'll notice here flat in the last few
years, but we're about to roll out residential and commercial composting in
the next year or two as well as increased efforts around construction and
demolition waste to start to bring those numbers toward the 90 percent
target that you set for us. Lots more in the pipeline. I'm not going to read
these; just to give you a sense of the range of activity that's going on across
our organization. How are we doing in relation to the strategic goals? You
could say that we're on track. If we are able to continue our 2005-2012 rate
of reduction of emissions, we could actually hit the State's 80 percent by
2050 goal. There's an if there. That's if we can maintain that pace of
improvement. In fact our pace of improvement is not steady. This is
showing you the rate of change in natural gas, electricity and water across
our three different customer classes.        It's not consistent.    It's not a
controlled process. This is something that we have an opportunity to work
on in the coming years to tighten that up. We're trying to bring all this
together in the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan, which is an
opportunity for you to choose the goals that we will pursue, set the
trajectory that we'll pursue that on, and build out the roadmap that will
guide the implementation. As I've talked with you about before, we've
developed scenarios, have done an expert charrette, held an ideas expo
open to the community, benchmarked the plans and work of other cities.
We are now deep into the analysis phase of looking at technical feasibility,
economic feasibility and the impacts that would result from combinations of
measures, so we can bring you back a grounded set of strategies for your
consideration later this spring in building out the roadmap. We've got
coming up in May the Comprehensive Plan Summit. The intersection of the
Climate Plan and the Comprehensive Plan are critical. We'll be also hosting

04/20/2015                                                             117- 285
