                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I'll defer to the Director who looked like she had
something to say on this.

Ms. Gitelman: That makes sense. In fact, I think that was Council Member
Scharff's intent. I'm reacting to the "concept area plan." I think it's
coordinated area plan.

Council Member Scharff: It is coordinated.

Council Member Wolbach: Correct, correct, Concept area plans are too
broad and should not be included in this. That would defeat the purpose of
this whole project.

Ms. Gitelman: Even master plan is a broad term. I think your intention is
coordinated area plans, specific plans. Mountain View calls them precise
plans.

Council Member Wolbach: We can change master plans to precise plans.
Let's just go with coordinated area plan or specific plan. Coordinated area
plan is our nomenclature, as Council Member Burt pointed out.

Council Member Scharff: I'm good with it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “Specific Plan, Master
Plan or Precise Plan” with “or Specific Plan.”

Council Member Wolbach: We are looking at something that's either two
years or until adoption of the Comprehensive plan, whichever is shorter. As
Council Member Scharff pointed out and others have pointed out previously,
this is an opportunity to pilot ideas. This is an opportunity to start thinking
about things that we want to introduce for the long term, either in an
ordinance or in our Comprehensive Plan. This is a good opportunity to start
funneling development towards community-led projects rather than
developer-led projects. That's very important. When it comes to the quality
of design and the community being in charge, hopefully we'll do more
coordinated area plans in Palo Alto. Those put us in charge. This tweak we
just made, again, the idea is that the community hasn't tied its hands. We
could as a community say, "This year we're okay with going beyond the cap,
because we've come together as a community around it." This is different
from the PC process, I'd like to point out, because a lot of people might have
that concern. This is different from the PC process. Here we're talking
about a community-led project, not a developer coming to the City saying, "I
want to break your cap, and I'll give you something that you'll like in
exchange for it."
                                                                        Page 54 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
