                          TRANSCRIPT
and not have to provide parking unless they're expanding the gross service
area. If you have a retail place and they want to—under today where we
are with the Cal. Ave. assessment district, if a use wanted to come in today
and there's no parking onsite, we would say this use is an intensification and
requires X number of parking spaces. That parking is probably not going to
be provided onsite, because they'd have to demolish the building to do so.
Or they'd have to get an offsite covenant which is also going to be very
difficult to achieve.

Council Member Scharff: I understand. What we're really telling people
then is we're really going to only limit retail services to non-eating and
drinking establishments unless they currently exist in those places. That's
really what this current ordinance—that when we do it, we do. There's no
way someone's going to put in new parking on those buildings that would
cover 1 per 60. That's not going to happen.

Mr. Lait: Right. I don't think that is a function of this ordinance. That's just
the current Code today.

Council Member Scharff: The difference is that we're now saying you can't
have office uses there. Right? What we're now doing is opening the street
up and saying you have to have a new use in there, but you're really only
limited to retail uses that don't include eating and drinking.

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Holman: We need to move on.

Mr. Lait: Personal services and retail.

Council Member Scharff: We'll ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think that bubble tea shop was a coffee shop and
there's a parking lot right across the street. The ordinance on Page 75
refers to the Comp Plan L-31 which says Cal. Ave. shall be two and three
stories. There was some conversation last week. That whole area is CC(2).
It just seems like we may want to clear that up. They don't really seem to
be in alignment right now. I'm concerned about that. On the map again,
looks like—I guess the proposal or the current retail area is halfway down
the block on Birch and Ash and El Camino. Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: The map in front of you, the purple depicts the current.


                                                                         Page 55 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
