                          TRANSCRIPT
comments that we've received. We have been at this for a long time. Just
one comment ...

Mayor Holman:     Ken, if I could get you to speak more completely—thank
you.

Mr. Hayes: One comment I'd like to make is that this site is a 19,500
square foot site. The building is 32,000 square feet, 7,600 square feet of
that is housing. It's not a big building. The comments to where we've got
oversized, inflated buildings, I don't know how that applies to this. It seems
like an appropriate size building for El Camino. The buildings on either side
are actually much larger than this building. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Members, bringing it back to us for
questions and comments. This is a quasi-judicial project. It's not a project
at this point; it's a consideration. Disclosures are appropriate. If anyone
has disclosures to make, this would be the time to do that. Any Council
Members? Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I haven't talked to the Pollock Group for—I don't
know. I think it's been at least a year, but I know I spoke to them
previously about their previous PC application. I actually don't remember
anything we talked about at this point. It's been that long. I thought I
would say I do remember meeting with them.

Mayor Holman: We're all getting older, aren't we, Greg? Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'm not worried about myself, because I'm not
quite as old as my esteemed colleague. I had the exact same experience. I
met with the Pollock Group when they were applying for a PC project. I
haven't met with them since. Whatever we discussed had to do with the PC
and not this project. I don't recall the details.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.    Council Member Kniss, what will you add to
this?

Council Member Kniss: I really can't add anything. My similar experiences
with Marc's and with Greg's.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights. I take that to indicate there are no
further disclosures to be made. Council Members, questions and comments?
For the public who came looking for this project to be approved or denied
this evening, that is not an action that we'll be taking this evening. This is a
prescreening. Hillary.
                                                                         Page 52 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
