                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: Thank you, Council Member Burt. There are two relevant
sections in the TDR Ordinance that apply here. There is a section in the TDR
Ordinance that says that while an Applicant can certainly purchase TDRs, the
City does not guarantee that there are adequate receiver sites in which to
transfer those TDRs. The TDR Program was built on the assumption that
there's not going to be an absolute guaranty that these TDRs can be used.
Also there is a section in the Ordinance that states that TDRs should be
allowed to be transferred to a receiver site and, when the ARB or other
decision maker is reviewing the discretionary findings, that the size of the
building and the FAR should not be reduced when TDRs are being used
except in the condition where the FAR needs to be adjusted in order to make
findings. Your TDR Ordinance does allow you to reduce FAR in order to
make particular consistency findings.

Council Member Burt: You've just clarified that we definitely are allowed to
reduce the use of TDRs in order to come up with consistency findings. Is the
ARB discouraged from doing what you just described? Has the legal Staff
discouraged them from doing what you just described we're allowed to do as
a Council?

Ms. Silver: I didn't hear Mr. Popp say that the legal Staff had discouraged
that.

Council Member Burt: Was it Planning Staff then?

Ms. Silver:   I don't know.     I can't speak to that.      They're probably
implementing policy. Of course, TDR policy here is that there's been a long
established policy that you want to preserve historic buildings, and this TDR
Program has served very well for doing that. There's a desire to keep the
TDR Program intact. That's probably what the ARB was doing with that.

Council Member Burt: Keeping the program intact and having not limits on
that use are not one and the same in my mind. Can I ask Board Member
Popp to clarify what he had said and where this guidance came from and
what the guidance was?

Mr. Popp: First, let me be clear in saying that the evaluation of this was my
own. I did not get guidance from Planning Staff or from the City Attorney's
Office. I read what I thought was the relevant section which was Municipal
Code Section 18.18.080, Transfer of Development Rights, and found this
language relevant to the discussion: in reviewing a project proposed for a
receiver site pursuant to this section, the Architectural Review Board shall
review the project in accordance with Section 16.48.120 of this Code;
however, the project may not be required to be modified for the sole
purpose of reducing square footage unless necessary in order to satisfy the
                                                                      Page 60 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
