                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. De Luca: This is definitely for cars. This is not Amtrak or Caltrain or
anything like that. There is going to be funding for that through Cap and
Trade.

Council Member Burt: I'm a little apprehensive that we don't know enough
about this bill to know whether it's the right bill for addressing the
transportation concerns we have. I'm not opposed to it based on what I
know. I don't know enough to support it either. I don't know if there's a
different means for us to have this continue on watch. What's our process?
If we have at this point in time a bill that, by the time it moves through the
Legislature, we might fully endorse but we don't know tonight, what's our
process for being able to make those decisions?

Mr. Hackmann: To give a hypothetical in a situation like this where we have
it listed as a watch. As it progresses through the Legislature, if it turns out
to be a bill that's promoting only single occupancy vehicle trips, it's
something we would obviously be unlikely to support. However, as it works
through the Legislature, if elements are added to promote high occupancy
vehicle trips, high occupancy vehicle lanes, mass transit, those sorts of
things, that's when it moves towards the support position. The ambiguity of
the bill right now was the reason it's listed as a watch. It would likely bring
benefits, but ...

James Keene, City Manager: There's one or two options. If we have an
existing policy that was clear enough and we were in a deadline crunch, then
we could draft a letter for the Mayor's signature. This is the reason, for the
most part, that we have during the legislative season a standing agenda
item on legislative matters. We could put something on a Council agenda
pretty quickly to bring it to the Council for discussion and specific direction
when we've gotten a particular item. Other than those two approaches, we
don't have any other formalized process right now.

Council Member Burt: I would prefer that we hold off on a decision on this
particular bill until we know more about it. It may be something we do want
to support.

Council Member Wolbach: I would be supportive of making this contingent
upon the bill including more than just single occupancy vehicle
infrastructure. I would propose a friendly amendment to that effect, that we
would support SB 16 contingent upon it including support for mass transit,
high occupancy vehicles and efforts to reduce single occupancy vehicle trips.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to support SB 16- Transportation Funding contingent on the bill

                                                                         Page 44 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
