                             MINUTES
implementation. No liability issues had been associated with quiet zones in
those 313 accidents.

Zouhair Mahboubi remarked that liability issues were uncertain.         He
understood the FRA would file an amicus brief in a lawsuit. Freight trains
traveled and sounded horns all through the night. A quiet zone at the Alma
Street crossing would be sufficient; however, other crossings should have
grade-separated crossings.

Robert Neff requested a description of Caltrain's requirements to improve
safety at crossings in Palo Alto and the costs of establishing a quiet zone at
the Charleston Road crossing.

Olga Miroshnychenko concurred with comments regarding the health effects
of train noise.    Numerous studies concerning the importance of non-
interrupted sleep were occurring.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether quiet zones could be established at
train stations.

Mr. Hackmann advised that quiet zones were required to extend at least a
half mile. A quiet zone could extend through a station; however, an
engineer had discretion over use of a horn.

Council Member DuBois believed horns were sounded at stations to alert
passengers on the platform.

Mr. Hackmann added that engineers utilized bells unless passengers were
standing too close to the edge of platforms.

Council Member DuBois remarked that Caltrain proposed placing horns
underneath trains in order to muffle the sound; however, freight train
operators were not proposing that. Caltrain's statement that quiet zones
were not a safety improvement was interesting in that quiet zones included
additional safety measures.

The Council should focus on trenching at-grade crossings as a better, long-
term solution and on a proposed transportation ballot measure in 2016 for
funding of grade separations. He would not support quiet zones on their
own.

Council Member Wolbach wanted to find methods to economically and
feasibly grade separate at-grade crossings. The City should explore quiet
zones in the interim.



02/09/2015                                                             116- 457
