                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you for the update.        Our final speaker under Oral
Communications is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Hi. Like one of those previous speakers, I'm grateful for
the opportunity to talk and thank you. I wanted to remind you something
about consistency and the law and the Constitution. I know many of you are
lawyers. That gives you a special interest and a special need and a special
responsibility to protect the law which is the Constitution. The main thing
about the Constitution as far as the rest of us are concerned is that the
amendments to it aren't prescriptive. They are proscriptive. They are
concerned because the people that wrote them out came from authoritarian
and totalitarian governments. The governments could just do anything they
damn pleased. They didn't want that for us. What we find as our society
progresses, especially with capitalism, is that people pay lip service to the
idea of being equal and that everybody be equal is not really possible. I
don't mind that I get bone china and somebody else has to eat off a paper
plate. That doesn't bother me. When it gets to the point where some
people don't have any home at all, that bothers me. Robert Reich used to
be Secretary of Labor has written a couple of books. One's called Saving
Capitalism. The point that he makes is that certain forces in the society are
able to have laws made which favor wealth. I don't think any of you have
any prejudice against poor people. I really don't. I know you. The way
these laws work out is like this. Over in Hawaii we had a situation similar to
Buena Vista. The native poor people owned the land on which the City of
Honolulu is. The wealthy people or the middle class people rented from
them. The Legislature of Hawaii passed a law that the owners, that is these
Hawaiians, brown-skinned people, had to sell their land to the wealthy
middle-class white people who had the houses on them. This has not
happened in Buena Vista. It's very clear that it's because of the money
discrepancy between the people. It's not so much that you have anything
against poor people. Give it some thought. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. With the Council's indulgence, just a couple of
quick acknowledgements. You probably have noticed this evening at the
Council's desk there are actually three people. Jessica Brettle, the new
Assistant City Clerk, has joined the table this evening. Welcome to you,
Jessica, for your first Council meeting. At the rear of the room, some of you
may have noticed the last several weeks that there is a young man, John
Burton, who has been studying at the feet, if you will, of Vince Larkin who
announces the Council meetings. Thank you, John, for your dedication to
listening to our meetings and interest in public service.




                                                                           Page 33 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
