                          TRANSCRIPT
their first permit. It just so happened to be on top of a gas line, so we're
working through that. More to come. It's AT&T's intention to provide the
first houses access to gigabit broadband during the calendar of 2016. One
other thing I wanted to say, if I could just quickly go to Google, because it
reminded me when I looked at the AT&T area, was since we last spoke I had
talked to you about Google strategy which is a fiberhood strategy; they only
deploy fiber where there's interest. They're now communicating to us
they've changed that strategy, and their intent is to bring fiber in front of
every home in Palo Alto with some very small exceptions possibly in the
Foothills area, but it would be rare. In terms of AT&T, their initial proposal
that they're going to go forward with is about half of Palo Alto. Their model
is to basically build wherever people are prepared to pay. If they get a very
good uptake on the upgrades and buy-in, they will go further than 50
percent. 50 percent is their first commitment, and it's across Palo Alto. The
next area is when I first was asked to engage in this project—it's now
coming up on a little less than three years—the City Council ask was
relatively narrow in terms of our own pursuit of municipal broadband, at
least to get some engineering studies completed. We think we staffed it
appropriate, but 2 1/2, almost three years later the extent of the complexity
of what we're doing now is notably different. Not only has the motion and
City Council asks gotten more complicated, but we are engaged with Google
and AT&T. What we've discovered is the capacity and skill sets of Staff have
peaked. In order to make rapid progress and really give this 1,000 percent,
we need a very talented expert telecommunications person to lead the
technical pieces of this and the rallying of department Staff in order that we
can deliver on these complex areas.           What we're asking for is some
temporary help up to three years. We phrase that that way because if 1 1/2
years from now we don't need the help, we don't have to continue it. We
anticipate, based on what we know today, that there will be quite a lot of
activities in that sort of time horizon. Finally, based on our analysis and
planning for the response to the motion items, it became clear that we
needed additional help from our consultants that did the planning work, the
engineering studies, specifically to issue the appropriate RFI to the
marketplace, be able to vet vendors, respond to vendors. In addition, there
are multiple RFPs that were requested for wireless, and we need some
assistance with that. We're also looking for some strategic assistance with
the dig-once request, which again has some complexity to it. There are two
amounts that we're asking for tonight to help with that. One is on the fiber
to the home contract of $58,850. You can see what it involves there.
Finally, there are a lot of pieces to the wireless work that you asked us to do
based on the September 28th motion that amounts to $94,490. If I could
just summarize. I wanted to do this very brief so we could hear and have
the most amount of dialog tonight. What we're asking for tonight is support
to further the goals of the motion which Staff enthusiastically support and
                                                                           Page 84 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
