                          TRANSCRIPT
stores. They visit the restaurants. We care about this area. We love this
area. We want to protect it and want to make it better. We need a cap of
office space in our neighborhood, because it's just as valuable as Crescent
Park or other more valuable neighborhoods. As long as there is no cap, our
growth there will be unabated and will continue to have effects on our
environment and will continue to make our lives worse. The jobs/housing
imbalance is a major concern in our area. There are more office spaces
going up than there are housing. You need to balance this out somehow. I
encourage you to consider a real cap, especially in the California Avenue
area. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 11:09 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. With that, we return to Council. Before us—I
don't have anything exactly like this. What you're looking for is to talk about
first whether to exempt or include the coordinated area plans. Is that
correct? Okay. Council Members. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm trying to integrate what I read from the two
meetings of the Planning Commission, where five of the six members got up
and said, "We shouldn't be doing this. Staff shouldn't be spending their
time. It's far more important to deal with the Comp Plan issues." They
pointed to what's here as something that has boundaries in it, exceptions,
exclusions, pipeline projects. Each of those is a danger to an overall limit.
There's a nice example, Page 119 of the packet says the City's Comp Plan
contains an overall cap on non-residential development that can accrue in
the City as a whole, but it does not currently limit the pace of development.
On Page 20, there's a chart that says growth between 2001 and 2015, is 1
million square feet of non-residential. Look carefully where that number
comes from. The 1 million is measured, but it does not include the
entitlements that took place between 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 and 2002.
That added 1 million square feet that are not included because the
entitlements came before the period started. It also does not include the
Stanford Medical Center, 1.3 million square feet. It does not include the
800,000 square feet in the Stanford Research Park, that they tell us each
year are vested by right. Add those numbers up; they come to 4.1 of either
entitlements or actual building in town. They led one of the Commissioners,
Downing, at the end to finally say, "It's not the technical numbers that are
important. We should be concerned with the impact of growth, concerned
with parking, concerned with traffic, concerned about the use of resources,
concerned about the quality of life." It's not a technical number where we've
given exemptions to 2.3 million square feet, but it's the impact on the City,
and that's what we should be looking at. That's why five of the six members
said this interim Ordinance is not going to solve any of the problems that the
                                                                       Page 103 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
