                          TRANSCRIPT
report input. I think there's a lot for them to go off of. What they don't
have—that's really the challenge with any of these types of processes—is
when you have a survey that's then filtered by a summary from the
consultant or whoever that hasn't actually interviewed the people. How you
drill down and follow up really becomes, I think, one of the follow-up tasks
for the CAOs, because there's ambiguity. The tension is to summarize in a
way that protects confidentiality, so that people aren't afraid to respond to
these surveys. Yet, the CAO is left with "what do they mean by that." The
consultant hasn't really talked to all of the employees, and that is possible
but it's costly. I think it's perfectly fine for a CAO, depending on their style
and the culture, to meet with their people and say, "I got this feedback.
Let's talk about it," depending on the safe space that's created and many
things as you all know. Sometimes there is ambiguity, and it makes it
difficult for the CAO to follow up.

Chair Burt: What was the understanding from our direct reports to the CAOs
as to the confidentiality or not?

Ms. Figone: MRG promised them, to the degree we could, confidentiality.

Chair Burt: I guess there's a middle ground going forward we could do too.
There can be confidentiality on who said what, but that doesn't mean that
the CAO didn't receive the information, but have it be anonymous. There's
always then is it truly anonymous or is it transparent where it came from.
That's another alternative we could look at. It might be something we want
to hear from the CAOs on too.

Ms. Figone: Absolutely.

Council Member Berman: We used to have the consultant get—I don't know
if they got feedback electronically from the direct reports, but they met with
them also in person every year. Now we're talking about moving to a two
year cycle, which there seems to be a lot of merit in it. It was very helpful
to hear what other communities do. That was one of the questions I had.
One thing we might consider is, since we're moving to a two year cycle,
have the consultant actually meet with the direct reports in person. Go back
to that system, which allows the consultant to follow up and get a little more
context on some of these comments. Obviously, they're cost implications in
the things that would have to be discussed. I recall getting a lot of value out
of that my first year on Council with the consultant being able to probe
deeper into some of these comments and then give that context to Council.
That's kind of a hybrid approach that might have value.

Council Member Kniss: The two year cycle, is that something that was
contracted that I wasn't aware of?
                                                                                      Page 7 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
