                          TRANSCRIPT

bikes and support for first and last mile service. Connecting with that,
improving partnerships with transportation demand management programs.

Council Member Kniss: Did you make that an amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: I will.

Council Member Burt: He said he was going to.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to lay it out, so you guys know
what's coming before I start getting into ...

Council Member Kniss: I didn't hear you (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: No, I won't. I'd propose a friendly amendment
that we highlight four priorities. Our distinct top priority is a dedicated fund
of money for Caltrain grade separations for use in Palo Alto and/or north
Santa Clara County. Secondly, bicycle and pedestrian system improvements
including Class 4 bike lanes on El Camino Real that's physically separated.

Council Member Burt: I'm not going to support that (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: Okay. Let's scratch that one. Let's just keep it
bicycle and pedestrian improvements. Three, better first and last mile
service particularly in north Santa Clara County. Fourth, I hate to be
redundant but to support VTA's plan to support transportation management
associations and other TDM efforts. Actually, let's make a change to Item 1.
I think we should probably link that with other Caltrain capacity
improvements. Let's say that this is in descending order of priority. We
want to highlight that Caltrain is the Number 1 issue.

Mayor Holman:      The first question is, Vice Mayor, do you accept the
amendment?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think it's best the full Council have a vote on this, so I
would not.

Council Member Kniss: What did you say, Greg, yes or no?

Vice Mayor Schmid: No.

Council Member Kniss: I don't, and I'll tell you why, Cory.

Council Member DuBois: I second.
                                                                         Page 94 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
