                          TRANSCRIPT
miscarriages. This is the other one saying that fluoride is your next
contraceptive. I'm going to put this on here and you can see what the water
in recycled toilet water will do. It'll increase cancer death rates.

Bret Andersen: I'm Brent, a Palo Alto resident and member of the Green
Ribbon Task Force from way back as well as Carbon Free Palo Alto. I wanted
to mention two things in terms of connection with this whole effort. One
would be to look at the potential effects of telepresence on transportation
and greenhouse gases and the connection of that to the City's new vision for
utilities bringing perhaps broadband communications into that, having that
get funded in part by telepresence services. Telepresence is not just
business meetings and reducing carbon at the corporate level, but also
dispensing medical services, not having to do those errands that you would
normally do for service providers that can be just in the same town, across
town. For example, my visits from south Palo Alto to Palo Alto Medical
Foundation (PAMF) for a dermatology check or whatever it is that can be
done via telepresence these days. There's a connection there that we
should look at in terms of how fast we could eliminate some of those trips.
The other area would be to look at the cooperation regionally and not pass
up in a sense opportunities with organizations that are making that effort to
provide alternatives to car transportation. Namely here, I'm talking about
Bus Rapid Transit where we have a regional organization that is looking to
invest a substantial amount to improve the alternative infrastructure
including bicycling and pedestrian. We should look more carefully as a City
even though we have traffic models that show it might provide some
additional traffic for car transportation. Let's make an effort to work
communally with these other cities to build these infrastructure components
that allow us to make the transition away from car culture. Whether that
car is electric or gas doesn't matter if you're still energizing those cars
through fossil fuels or potentially creating the traffic, the health, the safety
and the congestion issues. I would urge the Council to take the default
green approach when we're dealing with these external entities that have
good ideas and projects to invest in.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. Some 50 years ago
after the second World War, our country made a huge investment in
education and in homebuilding to honor the veterans of that war. It was so
well received that ever since we've been on a growth spiral, up, up, up. It's
almost been like a religion. That was the most important thing, to have
growth and lots of jobs, lots of good jobs, and lots of everything. Get rid of
the old one and buy a new one. Even 50 years ago, Santa Clara County was
saying to us, "One of the problems with low income housing is the people
are just staying in their houses and they're not buying new houses and
leaving the old ones for lower income people to use." Gee whiz, I didn't

04/20/2015                                                              117- 311
