                          TRANSCRIPT
threshold, like no single use of more than X percent, something like 25
percent. There is a concern that Cal. Ave. itself can become more like
Castro Street, where it's maybe predominantly restaurant. I've also heard
the concern about nail salons. If we had some percentage guidance factor,
that might work. It would be a good idea to get ahead of this and keep Cal.
Ave. as a unique non-formula part of the City. I do see a lot of things in the
San Francisco Ordinance that I like. I'd like to see some process that allows
us to review and approve formula retail. We could allow formula retail, but
there would be a process to check it. We should be clear about parking
transferring from restaurants to offices. That was a very interesting thing to
bring up.     If the survey is correct, a lot of people are taking public
transportation or walking. At the same time, all the residents in that area
and the merchants are asking for more parking. It's clear the parking lots
are full. People are parking in the neighborhoods, so we do have a much
more intense use of that whole area that we need to deal with. Finally, it's a
separate issue, but if it comes up we should consider some policies on
limiting the corporate cafeterias in, say the Cal. Ave. district. We're building
these areas so we want the businesses to come to use the restaurants. If
we allow a corporate campus to be built right next to Cal. Ave., we're going
against ourselves. That's not for tonight, but I wanted to throw that out
there.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things in response to some of the
things I've heard from my colleagues. First, I appreciate the Staff's work on
this. Of course, we're going to have more questions than could have been
thought of, but you guys did a lot of work. I want to say I appreciate all the
work that went into this. If we do have questions, I'm sure that you'll be
able to bring back answers in the future. Thank you. Of course, if we have
questions for Staff, we're always encouraged to send them out in advance.
Secondly, on this question of whether the threat to—this is something that
Council Member Scharff was getting at. Whether the threat of too many
formula businesses is just something that applies to eating and drinking
establishment or might also apply to shopping retail. Just because we
haven't seen it yet with shopping doesn't mean it's not a serious threat.
Again, looking at the trend across the nation, across the globe, even in other
shopping areas in our area, it's definitely a threat. It's prudent for us to be
proactive before it's too late. Just a couple of responses on that. Also,
when it comes to parking, maybe I'm unique, but I've never had a problem
finding parking in the Cal. Ave. area as long as I didn't mind walking a
couple of blocks. It's never been a problem for me. I'm talking about the
two-hour parking. What I do think is a problem is people who are parking
there for more than two hours, so employees parking in the neighborhoods.
It's similar to what we've seen Downtown. I've also never had a problem
finding two-hour parking in Downtown Palo Alto, even before I got my
                                                                         Page 59 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
