                          TRANSCRIPT
section.    We talked about it as a team.         Throughout the year, each
Commissioner tried to be diligent. They thoroughly were trying to vet
issues, make sure that things were thoroughly analyzed, and the Council and
community were not blindsided. That kind of spirit was also captured in this
report. I know later on we're going to talk a little bit more about how does
the PTC and Council efficiently work together. But before I open up to the
rest of my Commission Members, what I want to do is I think the Mayor just
spoke last night about how the Commission, the Board, even the Council
themselves are volunteers. I definitely want to thank my fellow Commission
Members in terms of the time that they spent away from families, evaluating
these issues, trying to do their best and diligently making sure that we had
fully analyzed issues. Beyond that, I'm actually quite impressed with my
fellow Commission Members in terms of their caliber and their backgrounds.
A lot of these are leaders in the tech community. I think the Council and
Staff did a great job in recruiting them. At this point, I want to open it up to
my fellow Commission Members, should there be any comments, don't feel
obligated, to any of the sections that you guys created.

Mayor Holman: Are there any Commissioners who want to speak to the
annual report? Commissioner Fine, Vice Chair Fine.

Adrian Fine, Planning and Transportation Commission Vice Chair: I just
want to thank you, Mayor and Council Members, for this opportunity. We all
work really hard on the Commission to do the best service for the City and
for you as Council. We do serve at your pleasure. To that end, we want to
do the best job that we can. In the coming year, I think we would really
appreciate any opportunity or feedback that you have in how we could
improve our process. Specifically, at least in my opinion, I think we could
always use instruction and guidance on specific operations that we can use
as a Commission to make better Minutes, to make better recommendations,
and to serve the Council and City better. Finally, I just want to echo Chair
Tanaka's sentiment that we all are volunteers. I also really appreciate
serving with all my fellow Commissioners. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other hands, I think we'll get in then to the meat
of this evening's joint Study Session. I think we've all read and seen and
experienced some comments that have been made, and maybe some
interactions between Council Members and Commissioners also about
clarification of process, expectations, what the purview is of the Commission
and what the role is of the Commission and the way it can best be
supportive of the community and how it can be the best vetting arm for the
City Council. I think that is what we'll spend our time on this evening. As
far as how we conduct this, I think this is an opportunity to be very open in
our dialog and certainly talk about process and procedure. If there are
                                                                            Page 46 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
