                          TRASNCRIPT
Will you take this?" They said, "No. This is not of value. You'd probably
have to pay someone to take it." They did just a quick query of what we
might pay in trucking to get it out of the area. This doesn't include paying
someone to take it. Just the trucking, he estimated—this is crude, back of
the envelope--$160,000.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I assume when we get to the hydrology study, those
are issues we'd want to look at, as even to get it to a base, natural state to
have to do something. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Just one or two things. I essentially support the Staff and
Parks and Rec recommendation. I do have concerns that go along with
Council Member Scharff's concerns, though, about really how long this is
going to be closed. I read about the compaction issue on the 2.1 acres
that's flat. The Staff Report keeps talking about it's the only place viable for
a structure. I don't know why we want to put a structure there necessarily.
There seems to be a lot of focus on building a structure; that's not
necessarily where I am. Not to say I wouldn’t go there, but it's not
necessarily where I am. I do have a question. It seems that taking that
gravel area out, the compacted area out, is expensive. I'm wondering in
reading what the neighbor has done in terms of putting in a lot of redwood
compost to get trees to grow—again, I'm not suggesting that we try to grow
trees in that 2.1 acres. Is there any rationale that would say that we
shouldn't be taking loads of compost there as we have all these clippings
and stuff that get composted? Is there any reason we shouldn't be taking
some loads of compost there to start helping to build some soil there for
future natural plantings? Again, to kind of help us move forward in a next
step. Is there some reason that that might interfere with a future creek
plan?

Mr. Anderson: That's an excellent question. In general, I'm very supportive
and have seen positive results of using compost to alter the soil
substructure, so much so that I've read about farmers who year after year
compost areas that were once rock that eventually they could put their arm
up to their shoulder apparently. I haven't seen that in person but I've read
about it several times. I thought about this site being a candidate for that.
One of the problems we've got is the elevations. I think naturally Foothills
Park used to slope down to that site, and we've raised it up 5 feet. My fear
is that by putting down a significant amount of compost over time, in
advance of this hydrology study and understanding exactly what the
possibilities are or recommendations may be, we might be taking a step in
the wrong direction potentially. I'd almost rather wait to find out what we
hear from the hydrologists who look at the area, and then determine—if part
of the solution is taking that out, I would rather have not spent the time and
                                                                         Page 55 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
