                         TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Stump: As I've seen the process work, an application may have been
filed or a prescreening could occur, I think more generally has occurred,
before an application is filed. An application that can then be filed, which
could be an evolution or an iteration of the project that takes into account
the feedback that's heard. Then the project goes through the normal
process, whatever that is, typically ARB. There may be also a trip to HRB or
other bodies. Then back to Council. The ordinance specifically states that
the prescreening process shall not be either a denial or an approval of a
project. The Council's full discretion is available to you when the project
comes back for a vote.

Council Member Filseth: Last question on this topic. Once the project goes
past the prescreening into the normal channels, to what extent is there any
sort of implicit approval from the Council on this? It sounds like explicitly
there's none. Implicitly?

Ms. Stump: As I've seen the process play out, Council has always had
additional comments, concerns, requirements when the process has come
back through. I think knowledgeable developers in Palo Alto have that
expectation.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Simple question. We have heard a couple of times
now regarding CEQA which is listed on the front regarding the environmental
assessment exempt from CEQA. Do you want to just put it on the record
once more?

Ms. Stump: Sure. This ordinance is exempt from CEQA both under
Category 5, which there is a member of the public who commented on that,
and the general rule exclusion which is what we actually put into the
ordinance itself. This is a procedural ordinance. Projects themselves will
carry environmental review with them. It might be a quite substantial
environmental review, whatever is appropriate for that project.       The
adoption of this ordinance which takes a voluntary process and makes it
mandatory, adds process, does not require any environmental review in and
of itself.

Council Member Kniss: I think it's important that we said that out loud. I
know it has been a question. Thanks.

                                                                       Page 38 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
