                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
adopt boundaries as identified in the Staff Report and direct Staff to return
within six months with a report on Stanford’s progress on reducing single
occupancy vehicle trips generated by Stanford Research Park.

Mayor Holman: I don't think I need to speak to it any longer. I think it's
pretty clear what the intention is. Council Member Kniss, do you want to
speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: Excuse the cough drop. I do. I think that the
Planning Commission really thoroughly vetted this. I was really pleased with
what they had to say. We haven't got into yet the coordinated area plans,
but they seem quite comfortable with the suggested boundaries even after
we had gone around and around about this before. I think it's time to come
to an agreement on it. I think especially for the next two years these will be
a very good—as the Vice Mayor said earlier, we're doing a number of
experiments tonight. This is one of those. Will this work? Is this a good
experiment? We'll find out either at the end of the Comp Plan or at the end
of two years.

Mayor Holman: Two things. The rest of the motion up there is within six
months with report on Stanford's progress on reducing single occupancy
vehicles. Also, I was just reminded—so many moving parts to this. I was
also reminded that I have six cards from members of the public. If anyone
wants to speak to the boundaries issue specifically? Seeing no one. Doria
Summa and Bob Moss, I see both want to speak to the boundaries issue
specifically. Ms. Summa, you'll have three minutes.

Public Hearing opened at 10:17 P.M.

Doria Summa: Thanks. (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Again, speaking to the boundaries.

Ms. Summa: Thanks. I won't take three minutes. I just want to thank you
for looking at this and thinking of a cap. I think it's absolutely necessary. I
would urge you to make it Citywide. I think there's a sense of fairness when
you do things Citywide.        I also think you will avoid the problem of
unintended—squishing the toothpaste tube someplace else, controlling
something here and having an unintended consequence elsewhere. As to
Stanford as the largest employment center in Palo Alto, I'm not sure how
you can just leave it out. I don't know what the answer. I will just put that
out there as the question for all of you. Thank you.
                                                                        Page 85 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
