                          TRANSCRIPT
to the effect that it's supported by substantial evidence. I'm going to
respectfully suggest it's not supported by substantial evidence. One of the
bases that an initial study does is it employs what's known as Appendix G of
the CEQA Guideline Checklist. Here that's based on the Planner's knowledge
that accomplished it in the project plans. I suggest it's not supported by
substantial evidence in the area of utilities, specifically with respect to water
supply and wastewater treatment. Regardless of whether you treat the MND
as being approved or being subject to approval tonight, you have to make
this finding about substantial evidence. It's to be based on what exists in
the current environment. Staff will argue that the current environment is
defined by the date that the Notice of Preparation was accomplished,
sometime in November 2014. I respectfully disagree. There are changed
circumstances under which this project is being carried out. On April 1st the
Governor issued his Order B29-15 enforcing urgency regulations to be
formulated by the State Water Control Board which are actually going to be
heard tomorrow and the next day, which would mandate a 25 percent
reduction in potable water. None of that's mentioned in the discussion in the
initial study or the MND. Likewise, there's a claim in the MND that this will
comply with all wastewater requirements of the City. In the last week of
April, you issued a Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) on the
completion of your recycled water plan, which if implemented would reduce
potable water. You're seriously asking us to reduce our consumption of
water when you aren't even correctly or completely analyzing that critical
issue on this project which should be done on a cumulative basis as well as
with respect to traffic as has been argued by others. You need to remand
this to have a complete environmental analysis of the project that complies
with applicable law before the decision can be made. Please ensure that
these written remarks are included in the record on this matter. Thank you
for your consideration.

Nielson Buchanan: Good evening. I'm going to try to squeeze in three
quick comments. First of all, the big issue here is that the City does not
have adequate policies for housing, traffic, parking, retail, safety. The
problem is that the economy has been booming for so long that things are
just not in harmony. They're in an imbalance. There's only about three
ways I can think of that's going to resolve it. One is the Council has to seize
control of this. The expeditious way to do that is to put on a really first-class
moratorium, force all the power to the table and work out the differences in
a timely manner. We can dawdle along with more and more appeals and
eventually the recession's going to catch us.           I had an interesting
conversation with one of the venture capitalists, who pretty much felt there's
no more than three years left in this boom, which is still a long boom. That's
going to be your choice. This is not the place to settle all that. My second
comment is to remind you about the inadequacy of the Parking Assessment
                                                                         Page 44 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
