                          TRANSCRIPT
a yard, but my parents redid their yard a couple of years ago with a lot of
drought-tolerant plants and trees. I'll have to go back and ask them what's
native and what isn't. I have noticed a significant uptick in the birds and
wildlife that they have in their backyard. It's a neat thing. What we can do
to encourage that throughout Palo Alto is something that we should strive
for. Thank you for everybody who's given their feedback to us. I'd
encourage everybody, as Council Member Scharff mentioned, and this
applies to the community also, let's not make the perfect be the enemy of
the good. Let's try to improve upon what we have, but let's also probably
recognize that there's going to be a lot of times where we have to
compromise and try to get the best that we can and move forward. We're
lucky to start from such a strong place. One more random anecdote. My
parents have some houseguests. We were talking last night. They'd just
gotten back from University Avenue. They're from Wisconsin, and they'd
just gotten back from University Avenue for the first time. The first thing
they said when they walked in the door is, "Are those lights on those trees
always up?" It is something that we're lucky to have in Palo Alto all
throughout Palo Alto. Thank you to everybody who's working so hard on our
treescape, on our canopy. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I was particularly struck by the north/south gap. I first
noticed it last year when we got our draft existing conditions report. It has a
Google map of the City. One side of it is green, and the other side is gray-
brown, the north/south divide. The numbers you present are very striking.
What's most significant for me is that the gap widened substantially between
1982 and 2010. It's not a matter of just the age of the plantings or the
trees. Since the buildings were all there in 1982, it's not the structure of the
buildings. What is taking place, that there has been such a dramatic
change? In that 28-year period, the canopy in the north grew by 12
percentage points, grew by two percent in the south. I've noticed over time
that the number and variety of bird species seems to have changed, shrunk,
fewer birds, less species showing up. It comes to the question raised, are
we losing native habitat? I've seen pictures of early Palo Alto, and there
wasn't much in the south part of town. There was not dense vegetation
except along the creeks. I notice you talk about the open spaces. You think
of Byxbee Park, which is a garbage dump. There's no native species that
grows in garbage dumps. First, how do you think through this issue of what
is taking place in our community that with effort on behalf of the City, with
guidelines and construction and development? Why is one part of town not
responding as effectively as the other part? What are we really thinking in
our open spaces? How do we utilize open spaces that have different uses in
them? It gets down to the notion of habitat. What is the impact? How do
we create and maintain the habitat that is welcoming and flourishing? There
are a lot of issues. The report would be better or maybe we could take an
                                                                          Page 83 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
