                          TRANSCRIPT
portions of the Police and Fire Budgets and the CIP Budget. Are there any
questions? Is there any Staff update on anything? I had asked a question
about police. Is there any update on that?

Walter Rossmann, Office of Management and Budget Director: Walter
Rossmann, Budget Director. We have a short update for you in a PowerPoint
slide. This is the summary you received in the at-places memo which we
distributed to the Council on Thursday via packet and this afternoon as well.
It tells you where we are right now and where we stand with the tentative
approval of the General Fund Budget as approved by the Council on
Thursday, a budget surplus of $390,000. This includes the reinstatement of
the Code Enforcement Lead position as well as $50,000 in automatic
external defibrillator funding. On the second page there's two items which
we'd like to discuss with you today in response to a Policy and Services
Committee meeting which happened last week as well as regarding
questions raised by the Council last week, Monday, regarding community
policing. We'd like first to talk about the Project Safety Net funding. This
was in front of Policy and Services on Wednesday last week. Based on the
discussion, the City Manager would like to bring forward additional funding
of $80,000 for contract staffing. This is in the at-places memo we provided
to you this evening just before you started the Council meeting. This
details, to some degree, the Policy and Services discussion regarding Project
Safety Network and also outlines the potential future funding need which we
have for the program. Jim, anything else you'd like to add on Project Safety
Net?

James Keene, City Manager: The Committee had a good discussion, and
we'll be coming back to the Council ultimately with a more in-depth
discussion related to Project Safety Net out of the Committee's report. One
of the components that the Committee was discussing in the recommended
structure for how Project Safety Net would continue through this collective
impact model was the importance of having a sophisticated data
measurement program and the ability to measure progress through metrics
against some of those data sets. We had a brief discussion at Committee
about what that effort might take. I roughly identified a ball park figure of
costing perhaps as much as $100,000, but that's an unfocused number. We
had a meeting last week with some of our consultants who are working on
Project Safety Net issues with us, different researchers. One, there was a
sense that we might actually, given the interest and concern in this project,
be able to access a lot of pro bono assistance. Secondly, I did have a
chance to talk with the School Superintendant about the need for us to share
in whatever these costs might be. We felt it was most prudent right now not
to bring any specific dollar figure to the Council, but to raise this issue and
identify that we could be in a situation where we would want to seek some
                                                                        Page 11 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
