                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Except since we can't take motions, it is good for you to
state what you support for the Commissioners to look at. Then they can
count noses and say there's support from Council for something.

Council Member Berman: Very good point. I'll make that really easy. I
support everything that my colleagues have brought up tonight. First of all,
thank you guys. The City's utilities are the foundation of the community and
something that a lot of folks, including myself, half the time don't
understand. We're really lucky to have you guys serving the community.
The rates that we have and the reliability that we have are a testament to
the work that you guys put in. We are at an "all hands on deck" point as a
community. It was great that we got to a 100-percent Carbon-Neutral
Electricity Portfolio, but then we realized 30 percent of our greenhouse gas
emissions still come from natural gas and 60 percent come from
transportation. What's next? It's not like we can stop and pat ourselves on
the back and pretend like it's a job well done. We have to keep moving
forward and keep finding ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The
fuel switching is going to be incredibly important and complicated. It's
alluded to in our item on the Sustainability/Climate Action Plan about how,
as we pursue that, it's going to create a lot of complications in terms of rate
structures, in terms of the amount of natural gas that we provide dwindles
but the cost for infrastructure stays the same. There are all sorts of issues
that we're going to have to work through, that we're going to rely on you
guys to help us figure out. We have to do that if we're going to get to our
80 percent or 100 percent carbon-neutral community, which should be our
goal. Water Council Member DuBois brought up. Becoming more efficient
and increasing our water recycling capabilities is something we need to start
pursuing. We need to be the leader on that front now. We've been the
leader on getting a Carbon-Neutral Electricity Portfolio. Now we need to
show other communities what we can do in terms of being more efficient
and being creative in increasing supply of water. I don't want to repeat
everything.     Council Member Burt's point about taking advantage of
additional solar purchase possibilities, there's a chart on Packet Page 20 of
our Packet tonight that shows how over time certain supplies are going to
expire and we need to have plans in the works years in advance to replace
those as opposed to having to rely on Renewable Energy Certificates (REC)
again like this chart shows. That's something we should definitely keep an
eye out for, good, advantageous opportunities. Municipal fiber, important.
Creating a second point connection is incredibly important. I'm intrigued by
the UAC's role in helping us reduce our transportation greenhouse gas
emissions. Any ideas that you guys have I want to hear. They might not be
feasible or I might not agree with them, but please don't hesitate to bring
them to our attention. We're going to have get really creative if we're going


04/20/2015                                                             117- 276
