                          TRANSCRIPT
significantly. I don't know if that's a safety issue or not. I'll leave that to
you all later. What would happen if we—as opposed to doing a full out RFP,
since there were three firms out of, I think, 24 or 25 that submitted, what if
we went back to those three firms and said, "Here's our budget. Do you
want another crack at it?"

Mr. Keene: If I just might add. The value of an RFP is that, one, it puts the
work and the burden on the respondents. Two, in one sense the larger the
pool of responses we've got, the more data and information we have and the
more potential we have. I don't know that limiting it to three in any way
really saves us any real time. I think more information and more options
will be more helpful and the fact that we're trying to balance costs, timing,
design and aesthetics, all of those factors at a minimum.

Mayor Holman: Generally, I would agree with you, but I was very observant
of this whole process. I think I missed one meeting that was held including
the architects' vetting through all of the respondents and stuff. Because
they're teams, it took a lot of effort by several people—I think it was five AIA
judges—to go through all of those respondents to even determine which
teams were viable. I can just see like hundreds and hundreds of hours on
the part of Staff to vet through the design teams, because these are
complicated. That's what I watched.

Mr. Sartor: May I remind you, Mayor Holman, the design competition firms
that were selected to actually compete were compensated for their work.

Mayor Holman: That's not my point at all. I was just talking about how
much time it took, before they had done any work, just to vet the teams
that were put together. There was no compensation at that point in time, I
don't believe, unless it was very minimal. The three teams that responded
and did designs, yes, they were compensated. I could see this being a big,
dark hole that we're engaged in. I need to stop there. Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Something I mentioned earlier,            discussed at
greater length and asked about back in March, has there been      any outreach
to the County? Do we know what's happening with the               San Antonio
overpass redesign that the County, I believe, is working on?      Do we know
anything about that and whether that includes bicycles?

Mr. Sartor: We actually asked our transportation folks today what the
possible status was. I remember when I was in Mountain View 12 years
ago, there was some conversations about Caltrans replacing that
interchange primarily because of the access to Highway 101 going
southbound, where you actually now have to drive through the residential
                                                                       Page 119 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
