                          TRANSCRIPT
benefit that audits can have to the City as a whole. With the departments
and the way I work with them, what the direct report surveys reflect is that
I'm forcing more of a change on direct reports that I'm not seeing and not
picking up the big picture of what I'm trying to accomplish in the City. I
don't know if that's something to think about a different way and how you
survey what I'm doing and get good feedback from a Citywide basis. I work
very closely with Molly on audits. I work very closely with now Suzanne on
audits, having a lot of interaction directly with the City Manager's Office,
with the department directors. It seems like there would be some value in
saying, "Have the changes been effective in helping the City recognize the
importance of audits and what they can do benefit the City as a whole

Chair Burt: Your comments make me think about not just that direct report
role and function in your department. The question of how do we ask the
questions and frame the set of questions—maybe it's partly framing. Here's
the questions, but here's a context for them, so that we get a high-level
constructive feedback, pros and cons, of who they report to and the
performance and relationship. Rather than this temptation that I've seen
and experienced in this kind of function of "this is the one chance I get to
review my boss." Turn the tables. That's not what we're looking for, but it
can slip into that. That would be part of my comment. I don't have the
specific language on how to do that, but that is the objective.

Council Member Kniss: I'm intrigued, Harriet, because that's really true.
You can tell exactly who wrote what if you have a small staff.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Being the new CAO to this, this year was goal
setting more than review. It was a little bit different. I do have to agree
with Harriet. With a small office, with the comments that came in, I could
tell where they came from. Looking at some of the questions that we’re
looking at where are we in the City and what are some of the issues you see
in the City, my department was a little different in answering those, because
our stuff is with the City and dealing with the citizens, but not so much we—
it's not like Jim, who has Utilities and all the other departments. Our stuff
with the City is not as big a question, I don't think, as it is with Jim. Like I
said, it's new for me, going through this process. I think it went well from
my standpoint. The things that were brought up were things that I already
knew. Going through the one coming up will be a lot different, looking back
at my year being here.

Chair Burt: Molly.

Mr. Stump: Thank you. I have always found this annual conversation and
also the major check-in to be tremendously valuable.     It's really an

                                                                                     Page 29 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
