                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Figone: If you walk into your midyear with the performance review that
has happened as your checklist and starting point—as Greg said, it's a very
robust document. The conversation didn't happen that long ago—probably
the themes that the CAOs would be talking about are going to continue to
ripple through and end up being pretty important in the next year's review.
It would be important to have that check-in be a continuation of the
conversation that's already been in progress and that also ensures that you
do understand what's going on with the goals as well as what might be
getting in the way. Mary can come on this. I think a front-end conversation
can work. It would just need structure. If you're going to put a lot of time
in that, you might want to thin something out at the back end and maybe
forego online surveys and all that other stuff. Just have it be a facilitated
conversation with enough structure where you can end up with a meaningful
rating, a meaningful way to give feedback. That could be one way. That
really is a change-up, and it could work.

Council Member Kniss: It may add one more scheduling issue though. By
May and June, we're kind of crazy.

Ms. Egan: If you added that in, you'd have to thin the backend of the
process, because it would be overwhelming. You started your comments
today with a really great story about your wife. It just reinforces that it's an
ongoing relationship, that these conversation are essential.         Many city
managers fear their annual evaluation. If it gets on twice, if the Council
doesn't finish, the whole organization is going to think you're getting fired.
Really good city managers (crosstalk) four times a year. That can happen.
It doesn't mean that they're in trouble. Those conversations are rich and
important. There's this balance between how much time do you have and
what meaningful work do you have to do and how much feedback do you
need to give your appointees. The ones that want to talk all the time and
know where you are, are the betters ones anyway. You're in a pretty
healthy situation. If that's something you want us to pursue, we can come
up with something.

Chair Burt: Maybe here's another alternative. I'm brainstorming this. We
have this value of the midyear and the informality of it. After the first one,
we said that was really valuable; maybe we ought to do this more often. We
haven't revisited that concept. Maybe we consider just two midyears, and
we just have it a more frequent conversation without the formality.

Mr. Keene: I'm going to be curious whether my colleagues are going to
leave me out here on my own on this. I know for me, but I think it's true for
the group that we have right now, we're really dedicated to the City and the
community and you all. We really want to achieve a lot, personally but also

                                                                                     Page 33 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
