                         TRANSCRIPT
seismic event. To your point, the specific retrofits, the voluntary retrofits
that were prepared by CPI were not specifically taken into account, because
the scenarios were looking at a number of administrative, engineering and
management controls.       We took those into account in making a
determination about whether the particular scenario was plausible, was
worthy of being evaluated. We did have sort of a qualifier at the end to say
that depending on the voluntary seismic retrofits, it could affect the results
that are being presented.

Council Member Burt: Is there a retrofit that's already occurred or are you
saying it's a prospective, future retrofit?

Mr. Worobel: There was one that was performed previously.

Council Member Burt: Are we aware of what that is and its impact on the
risk?

Mr. Worobel: Not specifically, no. There was subsequent to the original
report in January 2014 that was supplemented the request by the Barron
Park neighbors to look at an extreme event which took into account the
potential effects of a catastrophic earthquake. In that particular instance,
CPI then brought forth a report by a seismic consultant, a geotech
consultant, who provided some documentation about why the likelihood or
the probability of that type of event being that catastrophic and resulting in
the (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: I remember the probability part. I would just say
that as this goes through our next phase of review, it would be of value to
know whether there is or is not a significant seismic upgrade that occurred
and would effect that risk potential. I wanted to follow onto something that
Council Member Kniss had brought up, and that's any additional prospective
measures that might be able to be taken. Part of the previous Motion a year
and a half ago was to really look at not just best practices, but state of the
art practices. It appears that a number of those have been utilized. I am
interested in whether there would be additional communication tools that
could be available to both the public and finally one related to information
going to our Fire Department. One of the issues raised by neighbors has
been the whole reporting mechanism should there be some form of a
release. We've heard that there are gas monitors at the property or building
line. My understanding is that those report into CPI. My question would be,
which doesn't necessarily have to be answered tonight, whether it would be
feasible to have those monitors also report directly to our Fire Department
so that they could have real data real time. If they want to respond to
information they receive, they can take the initiative to contact CPI. If it

                                                                           Page 69 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
