                         TRANSCRIPT
characteristic makes it worthy of special note. Verbatim, right here, we
should promote the development of Kipling Street between Lytton Avenue
and University Avenue as a secondary district. Here's the zinger. The
terminus at University Avenue should be enhanced through the tie-ins to the
Varsity Theater. The Varsity Theater is one of Palo Alto's most cherished
buildings. There is not a single tie-in between this monolith and Varsity
Theater. None, zero. Traffic and parking are already at maximum capacity.
Cars have to navigate beyond one another along Kipling Street. There are a
number of small accidents that occur all the time with people's side mirrors
being cut off. All you have to do is stand, have wine at Vino Locale and you
will see this. Increased traffic going to this building and coming from this
building will cause safety, traffic and a parking overflow. They warrant
further study. Approximately 20 percent loss of retail is equivalent to one
entire storefront.

Mayor Holman: I look to Staff to confirm, my prior experience has been that
the Applicant or the Appellant team, either one, speak as a unit within the
ten minutes. I have cards from both the Applicant and the Applicant's
attorney. Should they speak within the ten minutes? That's been my
experience.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: It is customary for anyone on
the Applicant or Appellant's team to speak within the ten minutes.

Mayor Holman: I had said that before the Appellant spoke. I have Elizabeth
Wong, and I have Dori Yob, I believe it is, as the Applicant's attorney. You
will have ten minutes. Or I have Ken Hayes.

Ken Hayes, Hayes Group Architects: Yes, you have Ken Hayes. Good
evening, Mayor Holman. Dori, the attorney, and Elizabeth Wong, my client,
will wait for the rebuttal. I'm sorry, I may have misspoke. Mayor Holman, I
have a question.

Dori Yob, Applicant Attorney: Hi, Dori Yob, counsel for the Applicant here. I
understand ...

Mayor Holman: Do you have a question or are you starting the ten minutes?

Ms. Yob: No, I have a question, just a point of order so we understand. It
was our understanding that members of the team could speak as members
of the public. I understand it's customary. We'd request that I get an
opportunity to use three minutes as a member of the public, and also that
Ms. Wong be allowed to do that.


                                                                      Page 27 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
