                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Pursuing that a little further, my research seems to
show these TDRs go back 15 years or more. I don't know how many times
they've been used. It would be pretty difficult to find out

Ms. Gitelman: The seismic bonus program, I think, dates from the 19 ...

Council Member Kniss: No, the TDRs. Either seismic or historic.

Ms. Gitelman: I think it goes back to the '80s, 1980s.

Council Member Kniss: It may. I don't know. You think it's been in place
for 20 years, 25 years?

Ms. Gitelman: Quite some time, yes.

Council Member Kniss: Has there been any other question that has come up
around the use of the TDRs? I realize, Hillary, you're coming up on two
years, so I don't mean to put you on the spot. If someone has the answer
to that, that would be helpful.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. You've pointed out that's
one of the challenges that Jonathan and myself and some of the Staff have.
We're relatively new here. We're piecing together the history of the TDR
Program, finding the precedence in what has transpired before our arrival at
the City. The program as a whole has been quite successful. There's been
bonuses granted for historic rehabilitation and for addressing seismic
hazards, bonuses that have been used on the sites where the activity is
taking place, but also bonuses that have been transferred using TDRs. A
more complete summary or synopsis of the program would take probably
more time than we have and more research than we've been able to do in
advance of the meeting.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to follow up on that TDR question.
There was also a comment made that the amount of TDRs didn't square with
the amount of square footage at 340 University Avenue.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. We did get a question
about a matter of a discrepancy of something like 60-something square feet.
We did not have an opportunity to research going back four years what was
the cause of that discrepancy. Again, if the Council would like us to pursue
that further, you could certainly ask us to do that, and we would do our best
to dig into the records.

Council Member DuBois: The numbers I saw were more like 200 square feet
which could be significant. I guess that's something we could potentially

                                                                      Page 50 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
