                          TRANSCRIPT
point, before it was restriped. My two young children use the corridor on a
regular basis to go to school at Fairmeadow. I use it every day to commute
to VMware. I admit it is slow commute-wise, but it's worth it in terms of
safety for the number of kids and pedestrians and cyclists on the corridors.
I encourage you to vote in favor of this. Thank you.

Penny Ellson, speaking for Sonya Bradski, Emily Zhn, Anais Leborde-Liu:
Good evening. I'm Penny Ellson, PTA Council Traffic Safety Committee. I'm
here today with the Traffic Safety Reps from JLS Middle School. This is
Sonya Bradski, Anais Leborde from Hoover Elementary School, and Emily
Zhn from Terman Middle School. If you look in the packets on your dais,
you will find letters from all six corridor PTAs and the Palo Alto Council of
PTAs Traffic Safety Committee and the Palo Alto Council of PTAs. First, I
want to thank Staff for a robust and wonderful community outreach process.
You listened carefully and responded thoughtfully to community questions
and comments and refined the Concept Plan Lines really well. It's exciting to
see this important project, a central piece of South Palo Alto's transportation
system and especially our bicycle and pedestrian network, moving toward
construction. Charleston-Arastradero presents a complex set of multimodal
problems. The City could have simplified their task by focusing exclusively
on efficient auto through-put, but that would have precluded addressing
very real safety problems of people who bike, walk, ride transit and drive on
the corridor every day. After 12 years of study, a moratorium, a nexus
study, countless community meetings, two striping trials, 14 Study Sessions
and public hearings, we have a project that works in the important ways we
need. It offers residential arterial functionality and heightens safety and
connectivity for all road users including foot-powered students each school
day. The paint trial achieved two safety goals: reducing the high speeds,
reducing the number of injury accidents involving walkers and bikers.
However, other important safety improvements could not be implemented
until the City reached this hardscape phase of the project. The finished
project will provide a continuous bike lane the entire length of the corridor,
closing the existing dangerous bike lane gap at the problematic El Camino
intersection. Landscaped median islands will beautify the street, but more
importantly they will provide significant additional safety. For people who
drive and bike, built medians, controlled turning movements make merges
and lane changes calmer and more predictable. Medians will protect left-
turning cars and bikes from rear-end and broadside collisions. Existing paint
striping provides no pedestrian refuge, no traffic smoothing or calming
effect, no bulb-out benefits, no physical barriers between vehicles and other
people who are walking, bicycling or driving (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: I need to ask you to wrap up too please. I'm sorry.
                                                                        Page 85 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
