                          TRANSCRIPT
as 2.7 at 57. Total normal cost rate about 3.4 percent difference. Normal
cost rate for the City though is still about 5.6, 5.7 percent difference. I went
through this relatively quickly. I'd be happy to answer any questions.

Mayor Holman: My first question for you is do you have a 7:00 hard stop?

Mr. Bartel: Yeah, unfortunately I do. I wish I did not. Sorry about that.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we have 15 minutes only. That gives us
each 2 minutes. If you have a question specifically for Mr. Bartel, please put
your light on. If it will wait for Staff, then please hold your question.

Council Member Kniss: This should be fairly quick. On one of your very first
slides, you compared us with the other cities. Are they all CalPERS?

Mr. Bartel: No.

Council Member Kniss: Could you explain then if you are? I don't think San
Jose is CalPERS.

Mr. Bartel: My recollection is all but two. If we look at Slide 13, there's City
of San Jose which is not in CalPERS. They have their own system. I
thought, maybe it's under the Safety slide. Yeah. San Ramon Valley Fire is
in Contra Costa County. It's in CCCERA. All the rest I believe are in
CalPERS.

Council Member Kniss: Would you deduce in any way that those in CalPERS
will come out ahead in the long run over those that are self-insured or not?

Mr. Bartel: I'm going to do my best to give you a short ...

Council Member Kniss: Not that we can afford to get out, but ...

Mr. Bartel: Yeah. Let's take what I'll refer to as three groups. There's the
CalPERS group, which is the majority of the folks. There is the folks, San
Ramon Valley that's in a large system; it's just not as large as CalPERS. It is
true, I think what CalPERS is doing is what most systems should be doing.
In my opinion, CalPERS is absolutely moving in the right direction.
Historically they have not always been in the right direction. What I will tell
you is the City of San Jose plan, I absolutely think from a structure
standpoint they have been particularly for Police and Fire, maybe a little less
so for the federated plan, but certainly for Police and Fire, have been
absolutely moving in the same kind of direction that CalPERS has now
started moving in, maybe a little earlier than CalPERS. One of the things
you see is the San Jose rates being relatively high, unfunded liability being
relatively high, but I think that's a reflection of lower investment return
                                                                          Page 11 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
