                         TRANSCRIPT
the Research Park. My notion for the Research Park is that there will not be
more car trips for the Research Park going forward. That has to be
ultimately implemented.       If we start from that standpoint, then the
anticipation of future capacity needs may be getting changed as a result of
that approach. If the problem was only what we might face in 10 or 20
years, we might have one set of actions. We already have a problem. On
the additional lanes between 280 and Foothill, my first reaction was I'm
skeptical about moving in that direction. Upon thinking more about the high
occupancy vehicle lane possibility, I would be willing to consider that. We
have all experienced HOVs on the freeway. Between low-emission vehicles
getting passes and vehicles with two passengers getting to use them, they
don't move much faster than the other lanes anymore. If we did consider an
HOV, I'd want it to be foremost for buses and second for three-passenger
types of vehicles. We'd create something that would be a great efficiency
advantage for taking a bus. It's different in this circumstance compared to
El Camino where we were looking at taking away a lane for Bus Rapid
Transit and having no place for those cars to go. In this case we're talking
about adding one if it was specifically for transit or overwhelmingly for
transit. The path on the south side that you're talking about, going over the
hill, we should look at enhancing Old Page Mill. It is a great bikeway. I've
often thought of the same concepts that Robert Neff spoke about, which is
the potential to make it a one-way 15 mile an hour roadway for that mile. It
already is a right-turn only coming out of that. It's a hybrid right now where
certain sections are de facto one-way. I'm also intrigued by this shared path
on the north side through that whole intersection at 280. That seems like an
intriguing alternative. The round-about that you're talking about at 280, is
that a two-lane round-about? I couldn't quite tell. It looked like it from the
map.

Ms. Cameron: It's a 1 3/4 lane. A portion of it is two-lane.

Council Member Burt: I'd be interested later in understanding that design
more. I'm familiar with round-abouts. Have you looked at round-abouts for
Foothill and Page Mill and Hanover and Page Mill?

Ms. Cameron: We did not look at round-abouts for those locations. Round-
abouts are very right-of-way intensive. That would be a challenge in both
locations.

Council Member Burt: I was looking at Google Maps while we're sitting here.
Unlike almost all the other intersections in our City, those do have a lot of
real estate surrounding that intersection. Up at Foothill and Page Mill,
there's only one corner that has development. Down at Hanover, because


                                                                         Page 19 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
