                         TRANSCRIPT
a number of programs proposed to analyze why that's happening, to pilot
new programs to try to increase canopy in south Palo Alto, to monitor our
progress over time. We have already started targeting south Palo Alto
neighborhoods with our street tree planting. With adoption of the Master
Plan, a number of other programs will likewise bolster that effort to correct
the disparity between north and south. Coming towards the end of the
presentation, we're going to start talking more of the money end. What
does this mean if Council adopts the Plan? Obviously we need resources.
We need the technology. We need budget. We need Staff who is capable of
implementing all these new programs contained in the Master Plan. The
capacity must increase if we're going to increase the amount of work that we
put on the ground. However, we are not proposing any new full-time Staff.
We are proposing increases to contract capacity, to part-time and temporary
Staff, and other ways for us to increase capacity without adding FTEs. Quick
perspective on the Master Plan in relation to other plans.         This is a
collaborative effort where there are programs in the City's Comprehensive
Plan that direct the Urban Forest Master Plan to create programs, policies,
etc. Likewise, the Master Plan will inform the Climate Action Plan, the Parks
Master Plan. It will direct redevelopment or review of the Street Tree
Management Plan and the Tree Technical Manual, two major policy
documents that are underlying the Urban Forest Master Plan. I do want to
emphasize that successful implementation of the Urban Forest Master Plan is
certainly going to require collaboration between multiple City parts and the
community. The community is going to be key to this being a successful
Plan, and not something that sits on the shelf, but something that is a living
document, that we see tangible progress being made that we can report
back to Council. The end of the Plan and about the end of this presentation
is the implementation plan. The Plan proposes 97 new programs, 88 of
these are one-time for the ten-year implementation period, 9 of them are
ongoing. It's a ten-year period that's divided into three phases, but the
implementation plan also divides all of the programs into an annual
projection. Each program is scheduled. The ones that will require new
budget, there's a cost estimate for. The ones that will generate new
benefits, there's a benefit estimation for. The total cost estimate over the
ten-year time period adjusted for inflation is $2.1 million. The total new
benefits added is projected to be $5.3 million. The implementation plan is
not set in stone. There is certainly flexibility to move programs around to
try to generate efficiencies.     If there is timing issues where we can
piggyback on other programs and garner leverage or if we obtain grants and
we're able to produce programs for less money, then obviously we're going
to take advantage of those opportunities as they come. This is the last slide.
I do want to mention that we did conduct a CEQA process of potential
environmental impacts. We've proposed a Negative Declaration based on
the findings of our initial study.      This was routed through the State
                                                                         Page 72 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
