                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: We could use the model to look at different alternatives, different
circulation alternatives. It would be a very effective tool to look at motor
vehicle circulation.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Is there anything else we have that would look at ...

Mr. Mello: There's the regional travel demand model which looks at it at a
larger scale. We have some fairly significant sets of data that we collected
through the Bike Boulevard program that look at bicycle and pedestrian
activity along some of the corridors, some of which cross the Caltrain
corridor.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess just as a Council Member, what we have to look
at is the existing conditions report. When you come back with the first
phase of the circulation study, it might be good to lay out the alternatives
and what differences come out, depending on the assumptions you're
making.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I support the motion. If you think
about it, this is the biggest undertaking, the biggest project this City will
take on at least in the next decade. I don't want to guess what's going to
happen after that. This is massive. We all know that the status quo isn't
sufficient for our future needs, possibly even for our current needs. The
motion and this process gives this issue the attention, the time, the broad
community input, the Staff time, the Council time, the Council expertise that
it needs to do it right. We can't afford to do it wrong. I think it's definitely
time that this get elevated towards the top of our priority list of things that
we really spend a lot of time on. The sooner we do it and the sooner we
come up with a more concrete idea of what we want as a community, the
sooner we can start dictating to other agencies what's acceptable and what's
not. This lets us get to that point. I think it puts us in a much better
position of starting to get the decisions that we want from other agencies
and the resources that we want from other kind of measures that we'll need
to be able to fully fund this. I mean, I think it's exciting. Personally, I'm
very energized by the conversation we've had and the future of this. As
others have mentioned, this is the next 50 to 75 to 100 years of mass
transit on the Peninsula. It's going to impact so many different people and
walks of life and communities. Let's make sure that we actually do it in a
way that makes sense for 75 years from now.

Mayor Holman: I have a question, perhaps it's for the Staff before it's a
question for the maker of the motion. We've had this conversation this
evening, and we've had conversations prior to this evening about circulation
                                                                          Page 38 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
