                          TRANSCRIPT
to be the very last speaker when I speak to the Council. I can't do that
tonight because we've got so many of my constituents that have school
problems with their children. It's final exam time. There's a wave of illness
that's gone through the schools. Just because there aren't a lot of people
here tonight, let me assure that doesn't mean that—residents all over Palo
Alto are watching what you do for this long effort, long march for permit
parking. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speakers will be Chop Keenan, to be
followed by Tricia Dolkas, and 2 minutes each.

Chop Keenan: Good evening. RPP is off to a great start. We're only a few
months into it, but a lot of our original assumptions have proven to be true.
We had a lot of poachers in there, Caltrain probably being the biggest. I
encourage the additional annexation. The toothpaste effect needs to be
addressed. I think Staff's recommendation is excellent in that respect. The
2000-unit cap is premature. If it is a discussion, I think it has to be in
concert with more supply. It's the least able to pay who are going to be
affected by RPP. The concentric zones that Neilson talked about, I think, are
the way to go, but they need to be in combination with pricing and
enforcement. The furthest zones need to be the cheapest. The closest
zones need to be the most expensive. You need vigorous enforcement
throughout RPP. The very cheapest zone needs to be more expensive than
the $2 a day in the City parking lots within the District, the objective being
let's get the people who are working Downtown within the Parking
Assessment District.      The District is a co-op in support of common
commerce. The retail retention that you are very interested in and the
community is interested in depends on abundant parking. Those are my
comments. Thanks so much.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next, Tricia Dolkas followed by Elizabeth
Austin.

Tricia Dolkas: Hi. Tricia Dolkas. Nice to see you. I really am so pleased
that the RPP has gotten this far. Thank you very much Staff, Council,
everybody else who has worked so hard on it. It's definitely a great step in
the right direction, but it is not enough. I live right across the street from
Johnson Park. At first, the RPP gave us such sweet relief to the constant
issues of safety, access and usability of property and access to the park.
That's been going on for years, years and years. All kinds of stories. One
time I had to have a car towed from my driveway because I couldn't get out
of it to go to the airport. The countless times I've tried to back out and
nearly get hit by a car because I can't see it because of the parked cars. It's
been years. Now, it's kind of gone back to the way it was before, with what

                                                                       Page 37 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
