                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: If we gave you direction tonight and said, "I move
to approve the ordinance as drafted but we want these changes. We want
all existing formula retail when the ordinance is given to have a conditional
use permit so that they're not nonconforming," would that be an issue or
not? Can we stop my clock?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. It looks
like we might need to work on the vehicle by which we would accomplish
that policy goal. It looks like something would be able to be done with the
existing uses.

Council Member Scharff: When we started this, I'm sort of with—Jessica, I
apologize if I put words in your mouth. What I understood you to say is we
don't want to get rid of formula retail on California Avenue; what we want to
do is limit it to a certain percentage. I see you nodding, so I'm glad I'm not
putting stuff in your mouth. That's sort of my vision of it. We don't want it
to be all formula retail; we want there to be a mix of uses. What this does
suddenly is it basically implies that all formula retail is nonconforming. I
think that's a mistake. I have concerns about that. I'd like to see the
existing retailers get a conditional use permit. I also wanted Staff to walk
through—I guess it's on Page 6 of the ordinance which is the criteria that
Staff's put in here on how you would look at a formula retail issue. I guess I
say to myself—I'll use Council Member Kniss' example. Let's say a Pete's
does want to open up on California Avenue. Let's say, for whatever reason,
Starbucks closes their location, and Pete's decides they want to come in.
When you walk through these criteria, the first one you hit is the retail
personal service business will offer merchandise or services that meet the
underserved needs of the City's residents and visitors. You could make the
argument that Printer's Ink is a café right across the street and, therefore,
it's not underserved. You could also make the argument that a lot of people
really like Pete's. Therefore, if you're a Pete's drinker, it's underserved. I'm
not sure what Number 1 really adds to this, other than allows anybody who
thinks that there's any sort of competition from any sort of formula retail to
argue that that shouldn't be allowed on the street based on the conditional
use permit. I want to know if Staff had a reaction to that.

Mr. Lait: In that specific example, a Pete's could replace a Starbucks.
There's nothing about this ordinance that would ...

Council Member Scharff: Because the conditional use permit would go with
the—if you don't have a conditional use permit for the Pete's, you could do
that.



                                                                         Page 45 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
