                         TRANSCRIPT

Area posted photos of Chief Nickel and Perry celebrating the 40th
anniversary of the Emergency Medical Services. On social media, Perry
garnered 346 Facebook likes and 142 Twitter followers from places as far
away as Canada and Europe. Overall, Perry visited five elementary schools,
two middle schools and one high school, two community centers, 15 parks,
two libraries, 31 ambassador families, Tesla, Stanford Flying Club, two block
parties, eight Public Art Commission installations, ten restaurants, Canopy,
Avenidas, Palo Alto Medical Foundation and the linkAges TimeBank, Midpen
Media Center where the host from West Coast Songwriters wrote a song for
Perry, the Lucile Packard Children's Hospital Foundation Summer Scamper,
the Stanford Federal Credit Union, Play Fest, Downtown farmers market and
20 independent businesses. In addition, Perry also visited the Mayor's
office, the City Clerk's office, Santa Clara County (inaudible) exercises, the
Art Center, a police ride along, Animal Services and of course the
Community Services where Perry began his excursion at the May Fete
Parade and ended his travels at the Annual Chili Cook Off.            Without
exception, Perry has visited almost every corner of Palo Alto. Before his
tour, Perry visited Dr. DeHovitz for a health check and later Dr. Woo for a
dental check. He was given a certificate of health which you can see on the
board over there, pending a visit to Animal Services for his immunizations.
Once he was cleared, he was introduced at the May Fete Parade, riding with
Mayor Holman. Everyone who hosted Perry was enthusiastic. Families
opened their homes and hearts and fed him, took care of him and put him to
bed each night.       He visited schools, summer camps and after school
activities including baseball and soccer games, Irish dancing and swimming
tournaments. He was cuddled, kissed and adorned with bling at every place
he went.       Businesses and organizations invited Perry to show their
commitment to the community. Perry visited restaurants, independent
shops and professionals and got his annual taxes prepared where the lovable
creature category was ten out of ten. Perry's invitations transcended into
some once in a lifetime opportunities. He sang with the Addison Noon
Chorus at the San Francisco Giants game, had the kids' night menu written
in his honor at Hobee's and enjoyed special treatment at the Summer
Scamper. He was invited by the Sundance Flying Club for a private flight
above Palo Alto. Tesla let him spend the day and see their cars. Chef
Charlie Ayers from Calafia offered to cook with Perry, something he has
never offered to Sergey Brin or James Franco. Some of the most poignant
comments that I received during his travels were: "My children cried when
they had to say goodbye." "I love sharing my favorite places. It's so much
fun." "There were so many places to take Perry, where should I start?" "I
have learned so much about Palo Alto that I didn't know." From one mother

                                                                       Page 25 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
