                             MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.    Public Hearing: Adoption of a Resolution 9500 entitled “Resolution of
      the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Water, Gas and
      Wastewater Connection and Capacity Fees and Miscellaneous Utility
      Charges (Utility Rate Schedules S-5, G-5, W-5 and C-1)”

Public Hearing opened and closed at 7:51 P.M. without public comment.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
adopt the Resolution amending the following Utility Rate Schedules: W-5
(Water Service Connection Fees), G-5 (Gas Service Connection Fees), S-5
(Wastewater Service Connection Fees), and C-1 (Utility Miscellaneous
Charges), effective May 1, 2015.

Council Member Scharff requested an explanation for placing the Utilities
Legislative Guidelines on the Consent Calendar and the rate amendments as
an Action Item.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the rate item needed to be approved
by the Council as an Action Item under rate setting procedures. The Utilities
Legislative Guidelines were placed on the Consent Calendar consistent with
Council direction. A Council Member could request the item be removed
from the Consent Calendar. Staff felt Council time should be reserved for
items requiring a great deal of discussion.

Mayor Holman added that the rate item was placed as an Action Item to
allow public comment.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

10.   Discussion and Direction to Staff Regarding Establishment of an
      Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit (Continued from February 9, 2015).

Mayor Holman advised that Item Number 10 was a continuation of the
discussion started on February 9, 2015.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, recalled
issues and possible remedies raised in the February 9 discussion. Possible
remedies were grouped as either long-term ideas that could be analyzed in
the Comprehensive Plan Update or short-term ideas that could be
implemented on a temporary basis. Strategies discussed on February 9
included an annual limit of Office/Research and Development (R&D) square
footage; programs and performance measures that would directly address
the impacts of development; and slowing the pace of development by


03/02/2015                                                             117- 35
