                          TRANSCRIPT
I can't say that that's the case, but that's where I was left feeling. I felt that
way most especially, you could say, in the development section, which starts
on whatever page it starts on. It starts on Page 99. It doesn't say much
about protection of trees. It doesn't say anything about, I shouldn't say
that. It doesn't say anything about encroachment on tree canopy. It talks
about, under a footnote, under a figure it talks about this century old valley
oak died in 2004 as a result of some entrenching that happened in the '90s,
but we don't address what we're going to do to further protect trees from
that kind of activity. There's another section that talks about how recent
changes intended to expedite the permitting process allow permits to be
issued first, meaning before the site of the trees has even been analyzed.
There's nothing that follows through with that, to say what we're going to do
about it. That's what I mean. We're identifying some issues but we're not
following through to say here's how we're going to rectify that, improve the
situation for our trees and ensure that we're going to continue and enhance
our canopy. There's any number of comments I could make about a couple
of sections like this. The Number VII that I would like to add is address
development impacts. Council Member Scharff:

Council Member Scharff: What are we doing now? I was being distracted by
my colleagues.

Mayor Holman: Adding a Number VII to address development impacts on
trees. In that discussion.

Council Member Scharff: If we're just going to discuss it, that's fine.

Council Member Kniss: …long time ago.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “address development
impacts on trees.”
Mayor Holman: We are ready to vote on this. We are voting to approve the
Palo Alto Urban Master Plan and adopt the Negative Declaration of
Environmental Impacts; to direct Staff to schedule a Study Session within
six to nine months including but not limited to the following issues with a
second iteration of the Urban Forest Master Plan with greater discussion and
emphasis on native plant species, greater development of Goal Number five,
options for strengthening the vision statement, expanding canopy cover in
south Palo Alto, exploration of the role of agricultural landscaping, discuss
support for habitat, and address development impacts on trees. Also
incorporated into the Motion is expansion of the role of local environmental
groups in the Urban Forest Master Plan.


                                                                            Page 91 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
