                         TRANSCRIPT

of the world, whether you look at Europe, you look at New York, you look at
Portland. It's three things. A network, so we can't be talking about west,
south, north. We need the entire system to actually work. We need
frequency. The international standard is very clear, seven-minute intervals.
We can probably live with ten, but many of our systems have 20-minute,
40-minute intervals. That doesn't work as a business tool for getting
around. We need to solve the last mile problem. I think the good news
there is there's a lot of very innovative solutions coming from Uber to the
bike lanes that you're advocating. We really need to think about that as an
integral part of the system for planning our future and to keep this area
vibrant and competitive. Thank you very much.

Richard Brand: Good evening again. Richard Brand, 281 Addison, Palo Alto.
I'm a citizen who was very curious about where my sales tax dollars were
going. After Mr. Guardino from the lobby group, the special interest group
Silicon Valley Leadership Group, came in and talked to the Council and
couldn't answer a lot of really good questions that were posed to him, I went
to Joe Simitian. I said, "Joe, where's our money going?" Joe then went out,
and the rest is history. You've seen what he did. It took six months for the
County to get all the numbers together, but indeed they did. Now we know
that the money—Joe has told me this personally. He thought the money
may have been going to the greater County. As we've now found it, it was
going to the City of San Jose for BART, the BART connection from Alameda
County to the City of San Jose. I sent you an email; you've seen my specific
things. I voted for Measure A back in 2000. There was a promise in
Measure A to fund an east-west commuter connection rail line that's already
owned by San Mateo County called Dumbarton Rail. $40 million were
committed to that from VTA. They actually agreed to sit on the Board.
Council Member Kniss has been through this, so I can see she said, "Yes,
I've seen all this before, this movie." In fact, the money was taken back.
Now VTA doesn't even attend the meetings that still go on in San Mateo
County. Even though Menlo Park has now started a new look at how do they
re-fund the renovation of Dumbarton Rail with Facebook over there. Any of
you who have seen the backups on University Avenue, Willow Road, Marsh
Road, 237, traffic coming from the east to the west, Jim, I don't know how
EMC came up with 7 percent coming from the East Bay. That backup in the
afternoon, even on Middlefield Road, is horrendous. We've got a problem.
It affects us regionally and not just as a City. I'm running out of time
though. I really support the idea of Item Number 1. We need a study to
determine how do we get some support that we haven't had in the past from
VTA. I ask you to sign that letter and also stand up for the North County for
funding. Thank you.
                                                                      Page 66 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
