                          TRANSCRIPT
different revenue sources possible. I know one thing that we say here is
these improvements must be funded by Caltrain, High Speed Rail and/or
other external funding sources. One thing I absolutely think is that High
Speed Rail, I mean they're really trying to get away scot free without having
to provide any funding for mitigating these impacts. I don't know if we
should maybe be a little—I don't know if we want to be that prescriptive in
terms of what funding sources we have. As that comes back, it's something
that maybe we should look at. I also agree with Council Member Scharff, I
think, and maybe others in talking about the hybrid crossing option at
Churchill. If it is 3 feet or 4 feet or 5 feet elevated, what the tradeoffs of
that are, I think, is something that we should really consider. That could be
part of the conversation.      I like Council Member DuBois'—I mean it's
something that I had written, partner with other cities. It might not happen,
but I think it's a conversation that we should have to see what kind of
willingness there is in other surrounding communities and what that might
mean in terms of economies of scale on a bigger trenching option. I'll reach
out to some friends who are on Councils in Mountain View and Menlo Park
and other cities. I would encourage Staff to do the same to their colleagues.

Council Member Wolbach: My thoughts on some of the things that have
been said. I just want to let my colleagues know where I am at among
these issues. Definitely yes, I'm supportive of enabling Staff to go out and
do more study and to start really studying circulation options and studying
grade separation options and outreach to other cities to explore whether
linking up with other cities is an idea that has a lot of receptivity or is a non-
starter and we should focus on a more modest proposal. I definitely agree
with Council Member Scharff that we don't want to abandon doing something
very significant aiming for the perfect. We don't want the perfect to be the
enemy of the good. If there are things that we can do, partnering with other
cities, that actually give us cost savings, I'm definitely not going to say we
should rule them out in advance. We'd be crazy to do so. I agree about the
importance of Context Sensitive Solutions, and the importance of pressing
gently but pressing Caltrain to be very clear and join us in demanding the
transparency and realistic timelines and Context Sensitive Solutions, all the
things Council Member Burt has highlighted. On the question of grade
separations and thinking about our priorities as that goes, I guess the way I
would list my priorities when it comes to grade separations are safety first;
then circulation, improving the flow of people whether they're on bike,
pedestrian, cars, etc; third, cost, finances; fourthly, aesthetics. I don't think
aesthetics are unimportant; they certainly are, but I think that safety,
circulation and cost are more important than the aesthetics. Coming out of
this, there are a couple of things that I think we need to not lose sight of.
One, we actually heard it mentioned earlier by, I think, Adina Levin from
Friends of Caltrain mentioned it, value capture is something that we should
                                                                            Page 30 of 70
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/13/15
