                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt believed those were not the most useful averages. The
average growth from 2012 to 2016 was probably more than 100,000 sq. ft.
Between 2008 and 2012, the average growth was probably less than 50,000
sq. ft. A maximum of 50,000 sq. ft. along with a successful TDM Program
would be the best balance.

Council Member Filseth felt removal of unlimited office growth would affect
new development while TDM Programs would affect existing development.
To treat areas of the City differently was sensible; however, some issues
were Citywide. Staff should monitor issues, particularly since the Research
Park was excluded from the limit.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the current timeline to adopt a
Comprehensive Plan was the end of 2015.

Ms. Gitelman reported the last timeframe discussed was the end of the first
quarter of 2016. Some Council Members had expressed a wish not to
adhere to a strict deadline in order to thoughtfully and fully consider the
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Berman recalled the Council adopted the Comprehensive
Plan as a Council Priority. He asked when Staff could return with an
analysis.

Mayor Holman advised that in the pre-Council meeting Staff requested 30
days to receive FPPC feedback on conflicts of interest. The next available
date on the Agenda was May 4, 2015.

Council Member Berman inquired whether Staff would need 30 days to
perform analyses of all issues.

Council Member Burt was not asking Staff to perform analyses. Staff was
directed to provide a set of alternatives which would not require a great deal
of research and analysis.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff would provide a list of alternatives for
Council discussion.

Council Member Burt indicated Staff would identify alternatives and
additional considerations not included in the Motion.

Council Member Berman asked when Council Member Burt anticipated Staff
providing that information.

Council Member Burt replied at the May 4th meeting.


03/23/2015                                                             117- 140
