                            MINUTES
Ms. Tooker Stephens noted the IR Guidelines did not contain exceptions for
flood plains. The setback did not mitigate the height and mass of the house.
The large, square corners of the house blocked the entire area. She
requested the Council utilize an ombudsman to change the process and to
allow compromise.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted South Palo Alto was developed with modest-sized
lots resulting in modest-sized homes. Homes were designed to blend indoor
and outdoor spaces. The question was whether new construction that was
out-of-scale with a neighborhood reduced the value of the neighborhood.
During the Comprehensive Plan Update, the City and residents should
consider whether interpretation of IR Guidelines was adequate to fulfill the
goal of the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Burt requested the Appellant clarify minimally acceptable
changes to the proposed home.

Ms. Tooker Stephens wanted the home repositioned on the lot and the
height reduced. The proposed home dominated her backyard.

Council Member Burt explained that the IR Guidelines were created in order
to add details to Policy L-12 of the Comprehensive Plan. Perhaps the IR
Guidelines should be changed; however, the Council had to review the
proposed project according to existing Guidelines.      The Council should
review interpretation of Guidelines and the Guidelines themselves. A flat
roof was more compatible with the neighborhood than a pitched roof, and a
flat roof reduced height. The proposed project was below the height limit
set by the Zoning Code. The use of the vacant lot as a park was irrelevant.
The average lot size in south Palo Alto was larger than many lots in north
Palo Alto. Designating the narrow side of the lot as the front yard was
mandated by the Code. The Council should consider a change to the appeal
process. In some ways the proposed home was not compatible with the
surrounding homes; however, the proposed home was not massive or
monumental. The Applicant made several efforts to address Guidelines, and
addressed Guidelines better than other projects that had been approved. He
asked if the Council could identify specific changes without directing the
Applicant to begin anew.

Ms. Silver suggested the Council could identify changes and impose them as
Conditions of Approval. If changes were extensive, the Applicant would
have to redesign the project.

Council Member Filseth believed the Code was clear with respect to setbacks
and selection of front and back yards. The proposed home was larger than
the home next door; however, other two-story homes were located in the

02/17/2015                                                            117- 11
