                         TRANSCRIPT
Lynnie Melena: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Lynnie
Melena. I live in Barron Park, although, not in the area that would be
affected by a toxic release. However, I first became acquainted with this
issue at a meeting at Art Liberman's house in 2007 as a new member of the
Barron Park Association Board. As a city planner, I was shocked to realize
that this very hazardous use was right next to single-family houses. Ever
since, I've stayed engaged and I'm very happy that we're here tonight with
hopefully a resolution on this and Council support for the two new
ordinances. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Romola Georgia to be followed by Samir Tuma.

Romola Georgia: Good evening, Council Members, Mayor Holman and Staff.
I'm Romola Georgia. I've lived in Barron Park for 35 years, and I've been
writing and speaking to you since 2007, just after CPI released toxic nitric
acid fumes into our neighborhood. Today, I'm asking you one more time to
please make our neighborhood safe. I want you to know that problems
connected with this facility are ongoing. We live daily, weekly, monthly with
geysers of unknown vapors, alarms and sirens, noisy trucks delivering toxic
contents, and we had two other confirmed releases. One was just the day
after the Fire Department inspected. Would everyone here tonight who
wants toxic and hazardous materials removed from our Palo Alto
neighborhoods please stand up and give the Council a big wave? Here we
are. Great, thank you, thank you very much. I want to thank the Council
and Staff for its long work regarding risks and zoning and amortization.
Council has said that one of your top priorities is the health and safety of
residents. I think the risk of toxic and hazardous materials should certainly
be right up there with cigarette smoke as a health and safety risk. The
report and zoning material is long and very complex, but the issue is pretty
simple. Operations that use large quantities of toxic chemicals should not be
located right next to homes. Babies and young children and seniors also live
on our block. We're all sensitive receptors. I believe the City erred when it
approved moving CPI's operations from an industrial area in San Carlos to
just a few feet from our homes without any kind of noticing—Rod certainly
talked about noticing—to the neighborhood. It's time to rectify that error
and remove this danger from Barron Park. The news shows us daily that
earthquakes and industrial accidents are neither predictable nor preventable.
Please vote tonight to change the zoning rules and begin the process that
helps CPI move its facility and the toxic and hazardous materials away from
our homes. We've been petitioning you and waiting for nearly ten years.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: We don't encourage either support or displeasure with
speakers please. Samir Tuma to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.
                                                                          Page 57 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
