                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss asked if the Motion included Meeting Management.

Mayor Holman responded no.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Mayor Holman requested a Motion for items under Meeting Management.
Another Committee of the Whole meeting or referral to Policy and Services
Committee was possible.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to refer Meeting Management items to the Policy and Services
Committee and bring back to Council.

Council Member Burt advised that some of the items were already in the
discretion of the Mayor. He inquired whether the intent was to provide more
clarity that that discretion existed.

Mayor Holman stated clarity was good. It would be appropriate for Council
Member Burt to state that when the Policy and Services Committee reported
to the Council.

Council Member Burt believed it would be more of a reminder of the
discretion that existed.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to direct the Mayor to make a proposal to the Committee of
the Whole and they would respond to the Mayor's proposal.

Council Member Kniss asked if the Motion intended for Mayor Holman to
distill a proposal to its essence and present it to the Policy and Services
Committee.

Vice Mayor Schmid clarified that Mayor Holman could not present a proposal
to a four-member Committee because it would be a Brown Act violation.

Council Member Wolbach would not support the Substitute Motion. The
suggestions from the Mayor were already included in the referrals to the
Policy and Services Committee with a report to the Committee of the Whole.

Council Member Filseth interpreted the Motion and Substitute Motion as
involving a screening process. The difference between Council Member
Wolbach's Motion and Vice Mayor Schmid's Motion was who would do the
screening, the Policy and Services Committee or the Mayor. Either one was
appropriate.



02/17/2015                                                         116- 498
