                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid:       You might have answered my question in your
response. I have a general question. Fifteen years ago, the commercial
sector was ahead of the residential sector in terms of green waste and being
sensitive and voluntarily doing things, because it was easier. I was sort of
surprised that you moved to the residential sector rather than pursue the
commercial sector first. You're coming back to the commercial sector. It
does seem straightforward, but I'm wondering whether there are some
barriers that you haven't talked about in the commercial sector, resistance
there.    Is there an issue with waste storage, of keeping healthy
environments? Is the time of pickup often enough that you can keep
compostable foods out there sitting?        Is there enough space in the
commercial designs? I'm just wondering whether there are some issues out
there that are not evident in the material we have, that might lead to a
bigger problem on the commercial side.

Mr. Krupp: We spent some time talking to the Chamber of Commerce at a
public meeting and also met with the business districts in University Avenue
and California Avenue to go over some of these issues. Space constraints,
especially in the alleys, was a major issue. Timing isn't so much an issue,
because we offer service pickup, or GreenWaste offers service pickup every
day of the week except for Sunday. That's not an issue. One of the things
that we've worked on is the alleys especially Downtown is shared service, so
that places where there are constraints, limited space, where you can only
put one or two dumpsters, to find space so that people can share. Those
have worked successfully. We've seen tremendous improvements in the
quality of service in a lot of our alleys here in Downtown, because customers
have been willing to share. Some customers that hadn't had compostable
service are now on compostable service, because they don't have to bear
the brunt of the entire cost of the container. What we did find—I want to
talk, Ron mentioned briefly that what we heard from our commercial
customers was that there wasn't a direct interest in wanting to get
compostable service if it required more effort on their part. We talked
mostly to restaurants that didn't have compostable service. They're busy
people; they have to run a restaurant, tight margins. Generally, if they
didn't have compostable service, they didn't want to make the effort, even
though we often can show that they could save money. Consequently, in
places especially franchises that have franchises in San Francisco where they
have requirements for compost service, those restaurants said to us, "We
don't want to have compost service if it's not required. We just don't want
to make the effort." We're trying to overcome that barrier with this process.

Mr. Bobel: The one other thing you raised, Councilman Schmid, is the
vector issue. Our best response to that is what Ron was saying. Now if they
don't have compost service, they're taking a bag with food, they're putting it
                                                                       Page 23 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
