                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Potentially we can at least have six Council Members voting
on this. I have—Council Member Wolbach, is your amendment on vision?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes.

Mayor Holman: I have some comments too. Just quickly. Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I would just suggest a friendly amendment to
remove the last sentence of the vision, because that will be incorporated into
the new Safety Element.

Council Member Scharff: That's a good catch. I agree with that. We talked
about that a little bit.

Council Member Wolbach: Is that okay with you?

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, is that agreeable to you?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to remove the last
sentence of the Vision Statement, 'the City will be well prepared for natural
disasters and will grow and change in a way that minimizes public exposure
to hazards like fire, flood, and earthquake.”

Mayor Holman: I do have—I agree with that. I do have argument for
putting Bullets No. 2, 3 and 4 in the Vision Statement. Two, conservation,
because it only talks now about foster energy and water conservation. I
would like to see it talk about resource conservation including energy and
water. If that's agreeable to the maker of the Motion. Resources are
certainly beyond water and energy. Again, we're in the Natural Environment
vision statement.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, there is a reference there to elements of the
Natural Environment will be conserved where they remain intact and
restored where they may have been degraded. There is that concept in
there.

Council Member Scharff: I think that covers it.

Council Member Wolbach: I think "4" is still worth putting in.

Mayor Holman: "4" is in the Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: It's the only one I support.

                                                                        Page 46 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
