                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. De Luca: With regards to conflict of interest? There is something out
now with regards to conflict of interest, and it impacts members of Water
Boards. There was also a bill from Assembly Member Gomez with regards to
disclosure on campaign matters. That was something we were watching for
the City last year. This year's version is a little bit watered down. I can also
do another search, but those are the first two that come to mind.

Council Member Burt: Let me bring up the issue, see if my colleagues have
an interest in requesting that we pursue this as another piece of legislation
broadly on the topic. We've had this issue in Palo Alto for a long while.
Council Members whose spouses are employed in some way by Stanford
University are deemed to be conflicted on not just issues directly related to
Stanford University, but also issues related to Stanford commercial property.
Just a week ago, Council Member DuBois had to recuse himself because of
an office development cap that specifically did not include Stanford
University property. Because it could potentially impact some value of their
property and Council Member DuBois' wife works in mechanical engineering
at Stanford, there's some perceived or under law some conflict of interest.
There's no materiality that we can construe. Previously, Council Member
Klein, whose wife was an emeritus professor in the education department,
was as immune from any impact from the University as you can be, but he
had a similar conflict. This has been with us in Palo Alto for a long while. I
don't have the specific language, but we can certainly describe this as the
intent, which is to pursue modification to conflict of interest laws where
there would be a requirement of materiality for there to actually be a
conflict. I'm interested in whether colleagues think this is something we'd
like to have pursued. It's been an issue in Palo Alto for a long while.

Council Member Wolbach: I would be open to at least considering more of
that. Happy to hear what other colleagues think. SCA 5, Hancock's bill
about Prop 13. What do you think it's chances are of getting two-thirds?

Mr. De Luca: The Republicans right away said, "Good luck getting our
support." There's also some whispering within the hallways of the Capitol of
this is the strategy:     threaten legislation but at the same time get
signatures. It was announced on Tuesday of last week. By Wednesday
morning, Senator Huff's press release said, "You don't have our members."
Needing two-thirds, it's going to be an up-hill battle.

Council Member Wolbach: Slim to none.

Mr. De Luca: Definitely an up-hill battle.

Council Member Wolbach: As you know, we're on break starting July until
the middle of August. IF there are any gut and amends that come up that
                                                                          Page 40 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
