                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: What are you trying to achieve here? Why do we
need this?

Mayor Holman: I think it is—I read it as being different, and we did not
incorporate it into the Vision Statement, which I was fine with. I think this is
an area where we do pick up reference to our culture of innovation and a
balance of economic goals. We also talk about the diversity of the kinds of
businesses we want to support, that being local and regional-serving. Again,
this is not necessarily the final language, but this is the goal, the intention.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Would it substitute for Goal B-2? Diversity, Page 14.

Mayor Holman: It could. It could potentially.

Vice Mayor Schmid:     Rather than add more goals, just a finer reading of
that.

Mayor Holman: I wasn't trying to place it, but that could replace Goal B-2.

Council Member Filseth: Actually it looks a lot like B-2. Do you prefer this
to B-2 as stated?

Mayor Holman: I do. City Manager.

Mr. Keene: It's a little better language. I think it expresses the ecological
aspect of this more clearly.       That's what I'm seeing.       There is this
combination of factors that together play a role, not all separately.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. With that, Council Member Filseth, are
you good with that?

Council Member Filseth: Almost I think. The work "opportunities" to me
implies new businesses. We have a mix of new and existing businesses in
town. Goal B-2 needs to apply to all of them. What if you got rid of the
word "opportunities," and said "support viable business activities" or
something like that?

Mayor Holman:      Actually, I like the word "opportunities" because it
encourages, from my perspective as I read the words, and supports both
existing businesses and potentially new businesses. An opportunity is an
opportunity. An opportunity to enhance your existing business is also an
opportunity. Hopefully we won't get hooked up on one word.


                                                                          Page 81 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
