                         TRANSCRIPT
we've had discussions with those folks, if we've made commitments, we
should honor those commitments. Whether the City gives it out as a
subsidy and collects it again as a lease or just leases our parking garage
rooftops for free, that's an operational kind of decision maybe we leave to
the Staff. To the extent it's revenue neutral, great. That takes care of half
of it. That means the program costs $2 million. My thinking on this is, first
of all, I don't understand why we're singling out solar over other kinds of
local renewable energy. One, it's a couple of million dollars. It's not
nothing. Two, it doesn't reduce emissions, doesn't do anything for climate
change, doesn't accelerate the change to renewables. Arguably, it pulls
money away from that if you believe we have finite money. Three, it
overshadows the real thing that's happened in the world in the last ten
years, which is that solar has become real. Utility-grade solar, large-scale
solar, at 6 or 7 cents a kilowatt hour has become competitive with fossil fuel
power at least in the sunny parts of the United States. It doesn't need
government subsidies anymore. The price is still coming down. To the
extent that we're going to invest in renewable energies, we ought to do
things that really do cut carbon like fuel switching. If we're going to do
those things, then this program becomes a "nice to have" option. Council
Member Scharff talked about symbolism. The question is how much is the
symbolism worth. It's hard for me to imagine how residents are best served
by spending $2 million on this kind of symbolism. If we're going to be
symbolic about cutting emissions and global warming, let's do that
symbolism by investing in getting off natural gas or something like that.

Mayor Holman: I look to Staff to see if you have any responses to make to
anything that's been said up or down the dais.

Mr. Keene: One clarification; it probably doesn't need to be said. As the
City has been exploring this lease option for the solar, it was never part of
the design to transfer money from the Electric Fund to the General Fund. It
was how do we get solar on top of the buildings. We as Staff separately had
our own conversation similar to the concept of returning the funds back to
the Electricity Fund, so it was revenue neutral in that regard.

Mayor Holman: I have one thing to throw out there that's just a wild notion.
Tell me if there's any function to it at all or not. We had previously a Palo
Alto Green Program. It outlived its usefulness. Has Staff thought about any
kind of Palo Alto solar program to help defray some of the cost? Is that
even feasible or would it bring in enough? Has there been any thought of
that at all?

Mr. Keene: A couple of things. Obviously the idea of the Community Solar
Program isn't an exact match to the idea of Palo Alto Green as you point out.

                                                                         Page 39 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
