                             MINUTES
delayed. In order to verify he had the latest information, Mr. Beccaria called
Santiago Financial and discussed potential missing information. Mr. Beccaria
could not simply call or visit the DMV to obtain information. An attorney
could apply for information from the DMV to determine the ownership of a
motor vehicle.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if she found a difference in longevity for Buena
Vista compared to the other mobile home parks with which she had worked.

Ms. Nanda noted Buena Vista was an all age park. In her experience, there
was a difference in terms of longevity for a senior park. In her experience,
seniors were most determined to retain their homes and did not want a park
closure.

Vice Mayor Schmid requested a response from the Residents Association
attorney.

Ms. Aziz believed many residents had lived in Buena Vista for 20 years or
more. Mr. Brabant's report contained critiques of longevity and comparable
sales data. The park owner's expert stated permitting of additions was
ignored by market participants. However, most residents purchased their
homes with existing additions and paid more for those homes with additions.
The idea that residents received a windfall because appraisals assumed
additions were permitted was incorrect.

Council Member Kniss referred to Packet Page 214 regarding schools. She
inquired whether Ms. Nanda had dealt with the issue of schools in park
closures in other cities or had those closures affected senior citizens only.

Ms. Nanda had closed both family and senior parks.

Council Member Kniss requested Ms. Nanda comment. Ms. Nanda could not
know the reasons the Ordinance did not mention schools; however, her
experience or observations regarding the inclusion of schools in closures
would be helpful.

Ms. Nanda reported the six closures in which she participated did not raise
the issue of valuing schools in the manner suggested by the Residents
Association. She could not speculate as to reasons for omitting schools from
the Ordinance. She respected the Hearing Officer's conclusion that the
legislative intent to include schools was not present when the Ordinance was
drafted. In other closures, she had faced the issue of schools as a barrier to
finding another mobile home or other housing.

Council Member Kniss was puzzled by the Ordinance omitting schools.
                                                                        Page 10 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
