                           TRANSCRIPT
is the Chief says that we are also doing the same. That's one of the sources.
There's a lot of training that's going on. There's a lot that's going on that we
certainly don't see. Thank you for letting us know what the Chief was doing.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. Just quickly, Council Member Kniss
mentioned Sally Lieber who has been quite an advocate for this issue. I
really want to thank her for keeping us at the forefront. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It's very disturbing and very strong words. I guess I
was surprised at the training, outreach. Enforcement makes sense, but
there's implications that there is new legislation needed. Is that right? Is
there anything locally that we should be sensitive to in terms of laws?

Council Member Kniss: On new legislation?

Council Member Berman: If I might. There was a State law that just got
signed, I think, in the last couple of days extending the statute of limitations
on certain crimes that are particularly related to human trafficking. I don't
recall the details; I just saw a blip about it at some point in the last couple of
days. That's the only legislation I'm aware of.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess if there's anything we should be aware of on
the legislative side ...

Council Member Kniss: There's nothing I know that's live right now, other
than what Marc just referenced. That would kind of be a vague reference to
this. There's nothing that I know beyond that. I know in the past Sally
Lieber did carry legislation regarding this.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Berman, did you have something else to
say.

Council Member Berman: Yeah, just quickly. I'm glad Sally Lieber got a
shout-out, because she's been advocating for this for years. I also want to
thank—we all got handwritten letters from residents two different times over
the past couple of months. I thought that was a really impressive thing that
highlighted for me how many folks in the community care about this. I also
want to give a shout-out to the Palo Alto Weekly. For those of you who
haven't read it, there was a great article, looks like the May 8th edition this
year. The Palo Alto Weekly had a great article by Sue Dremann, "Hidden in
plain sight, Human trafficking reaches in Palo Alto, Silicon Valley." I'm not
going to read everything that's in it. At the end, they give tips for how to
identify victims, the industries victims are in, questions to ask a person you
                                                                         Page 100 of 107
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/5/15
