                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: As far as the other thing on the parking thing, I
was going to make that as a separate Amendment. I want to keep that
separate.

Council Member Burt: The Mayor pointed out that the overriding preamble
to the Motion is consideration, so any considering is redundant throughout.

Council Member Berman: We have that on "g" right now.

Council Member Burt: I'm sorry. I didn't ask for a comment.

Council Member Berman: It's never stopped you before, but I’m happy to
stop. I'll remind you of that the next time you do it.

Mayor Holman: Can we, please ...

Council Member Burt: Second, we may want to have a little more clarity on
limiting what direction we're giving to the Planning and Transportation
Commission. That could be interpreted as limiting to the current level or
limiting to some level. I would support limiting to some level. I don't know
that we have the exact balance today of restaurants. I think what we fear is
a significant additional proliferation of restaurants on Cal. Ave., so that it
fundamentally changes the balance of what exists between other retail
functions and restaurants. If that's the intent, I don't think this language is
clear enough in our direction.

Council Member Wolbach: As the maker of the Motion, what language would
you propose? I'm definitely open to suggestions.

Council Member Burt: "Looking at an appropriate level of limitation on
restaurants on Cal. Ave."

Council Member Wolbach: I would accept that. Council Member Berman?

Council Member Berman: Accepted.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Berman to replace in the Motion Part E, “Limiting
restaurants on California Avenue to the current percentage and,
independently, also to any extended ground floor district” with “consider
limiting restaurants on California Avenue.”

Council Member Filseth: I had a question as well. Is my understanding
correct on this that any of this can be overridden by a CUP that comes to
Council?

                                                                         Page 68 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
