                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Kawahara: I'm trying to think. Your question is whether the parking
assumptions in the CS zoning alternative were similar to that in the
proposed project.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. We're looking at a limited number of ground
floor parking spots, but we're also saying it should be under a TMA because
it's close to public transportation and other factors. Yeah, TDM.

Mr. Kawahara: I think the answer is yes, but I don't recall exactly.

Council Member DuBois: The architect made the point that the building's at
the max residential density, but that's without the State Density Law. In
fact, you're not using any residential density from the State law. Is that
correct?

Mr. Kawahara: Yeah, that's true.

Council Member DuBois: You're using the State law to get concessions.
When can the City effectively cut back on a concession? That's probably for
the City Attorney.

Ms. Silver: When the differential that we're analyzing is too much. That is
the nature of the analysis.

Ms. Gitelman: We have talked internally about whether there would be a
way to amend our Density Bonus Ordinance in the future. If this came up in
the future, we might not have to grant concessions if it was a situation like
this in which a density bonus has not been requested.             They're not
requesting any residential bonus. They're just requesting the concessions.
It may be possible to look at our ordinance in line with an interpretation that
wouldn't allow that in the future. There are other policy questions that
would have to be considered. That's probably a conversation for another
day.

Council Member DuBois: I did try to do some reading on the history of the
State Density Law over the weekend. Looking at other cities, it seems like
setbacks are a common concession. I didn't see any examples where office
space was a concession. Would you guys agree that giving a variance on a
setback is a common concession under the State Density Law?

Ms. Silver: It's a very common exception. The Density Bonus Law allows
concessions on any of the development standards. The amount of office
space is a development standard in this particular zoning district. As we've
discussed, it's not an on-menu exception. The Council made a policy
decision that they don't want to encourage the use of excess office space to
                                                                       Page 139 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
