                         TRANSCRIPT
Staff to continue the past practice of treating single-story overlay district,
SSO, requests as rezonings initiated by the Planning and Transportation
Commission so that no fee would be required, and (b) to return with an
ordinance updating the Municipal Code to reflect this change. Vote on the
board please. That passes unanimously on a 6-0-2 vote, Council Member
DuBois absent. Council Member Wolbach and Vice Mayor Schmid recusing
themselves.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Schmid, Wolbach not participating, DuBois absent

Mayor Holman: We turn now to consider Part 2 of this, which is to consider
referring policy matters that relate to single-story overlays and other
neighborhood overlays that could provide neighborhood protections to the
Policy and Services Committee or PTC for discussion at a later date.

Ms. Gitelman: Hillary Gitelman again. The next part of this item was placed
on the agenda at the Council's request. You asked us to place an item on
the agenda so that you could consider referring policy matters that related
to single-story overlays and other neighborhood overlays that could provide
neighborhood protections to the Policy and Services Committee or the
Planning and Transportation Commission to discuss at a later date.
Obviously from a Staff perspective, we have this single-story overlay process
which has worked to protect, in the Staff Report we identify as Council
Member Kniss indicated, 850 lots have been included in these overlay zones
as a way to protect the character of the neighborhoods involved. If the
Council wanted to explore modification to this process or consider alternates,
we would be happy to support that as a Staff; although, it would take some
effort. Our hope was that you would identify this as something to be
undertaken in the Comprehensive Plan Update that we're doing currently as
a priority item when that endeavor is completed. It's just as a way for us to
have the time and the energy to do the research that you would want from
Staff in terms of investigating best practices, ways that these have been
dealt with in other communities. As Council Member Burt indicated at our
last meeting, we'd want to get back with the folks that helped us design the
IR program to begin with, talk about what's worked, what hasn't, and how
that could be adjusted or amended, if that's a course of action that the
Council would like to pursue. The City Manager and I are happy to answer
questions about this, but we're interested in your thoughts.

Council Member Kniss: I'd be glad to move this on to the Policy Committee.
I have a question. It's one that Tom brought up to me. I don't remember
too many of the details. He indicated that there is a tract in Sunnyvale
where they have guidelines for Eichlers going up. Does this ring a bell with
anyone? If not, is it something that we could take a look at? Sunnyvale has

                                                                         Page 53 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
