                         TRANSCRIPT
of them don't stop for stop signs. Then we have the cars that are driven by
a lot of seniors. I don't think the Council at this point should be encouraging
bicyclists unless there is a dramatic change. Right now, the City streets are
too narrow for bicyclists. I'm fearful that there's going to be some terrible,
terrible accident. I think the City should be addressing, maybe making a
more walkable City rather than a bicycle City. Lastly, healthy aging. I've
addressed the Council before. 755 Page Mill Road is still a vacant site. I'm
hopeful that if it ever comes before the Council, the landlord wants to
convert it to office, that you deny that. He was granted a PUC back in the
'70s. I'd like to still see it kept as a facility for recreational for seniors.
Lastly, since I had a few more minutes, keep an eye out on the Old Pro. I
go there on Saturday nights and Friday nights. Make sure that they're
adhering to the Fire Codes, because it gets really, really crowded there.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Subhash Narang to be followed Keith Bennett.

Subhash Narang: Good evening. I'm here to request the Council's help.

Mayor Holman: If you could speak into the microphone, that'd be perfect.
Thank you.

Mr. Narang: Is that better?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Mr. Narang: Request the Council's help in addressing the dewatering issues
we have in Palo Alto. Mainly we understand from the Staff that they're
looking at this issue. They're going to be studying it further next year.
You'll keep the same policies as we have now in place for construction of
basements, dewatering, those issues. What I would like to request is your
help in making sure that the dewatering is done in a responsible fashion.
One particular issue we have right now that I would like your help is that
there are two houses right next to each other—you have a handout of
those—on Garland Drive which are going to be dewatered, I'm assuming,
starting next spring. One of the houses has already been dewatered for a
short period of time in rather not a comprehensive way. They had to stop
dewatering, and they'll start all over again in spring. There's a house right
next door to it that is also going to be constructing a basement. They're
adjoining properties. It will affect about ten houses around this area of
dewatering. I want to make sure that when the City gives the permits to
these people that they stagger this dewatering at least for now, do one at a
time. Do one house for about three months or four months or whatever it
takes, and then start the next one. Otherwise, we'll be taking out too much

                                                                           Page 75 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
