                          TRANSCRIPT
family to have a roof over their head, to be able to take care of their family
and bring up their family in a peaceful location versus the right to a
maximum return on an investment. The Affordable Housing Network is
based on moral and spiritual principles. We urge you to put people first and
stand up for the human rights of the residents who live in your City and who
helped build this City, and also for the residents of people all over Santa
Clara County, in the Bay Area who must have affordable housing if we're
going to even survive as a community. Thank you.

Rene Escalante: Good afternoon, everyone, City Council. I want to show
you that they've always shown the smaller units, but there's also large ones.
Right? Here's some of them that you can see. This is the interior of Unit 21.
Not everything is like it's been said to be when they show the smaller ones,
and there are several of them. It's not just what has been shown. I think
we need to be honest. I'm asking Council, now that you're making the
decision, please look into what decision you're going to make, because we're
all going to be affected. We're human beings, and we have feelings. If any
of you was in this situation, you would think differently. To me, for this unit,
the owner is offering me $29,000. In the neighboring town of Mountain
View, the value of it is $200,000. How am I going to feel and many of the
ones that live there? How are we going to feel about who's giving us the
money that is necessary to go buy another one? I'm not asking the owner
for money. What I want is to have my place replaced in a neighboring area.
If he can find a place for that lower value, that's fine. I won't complain.
Thank you very much for hearing me out. Have a good afternoon.

Amanda Serrano: Good evening, Members of the Council. I'm here one
more time to ask you for mercy, just mercy. I'm a transsexual. Like I did
say the last time, I'm not afraid to say it anymore. I'm going to say that I'm
representing gay people from Buena Vista Mobilehome Park and also to
people with disability. I'm fighting with a disease. I have a brain tumor,
and I have an artificial heart. It's hard for me to be around looking for a
new place to live. Right now, since I find out that they're going to close
Buena Vista Mobilehome Park, I've been suffering a lot of stress. I also been
diagnosed about PTSD. For me, all this stuff is killing me right now. Don't
know what's going to happen.           In the past, I've been applying for
apartments. Because of my sexual preference, I've been denied. When I
was at the mobile home park, I thought I find the right place to live. The
dreams that I always have, I have peace over there. I have other dreams
too. By closing that park, I feel like I been killing since they decide to close
Buena Vista Mobilehome Park. I been in the hospital many times. I spent
almost one year in the hospital with a heart disease and a heart infected.
Right now this situation is killing me. Like me, there's a lot of people in
Buena Vista Mobilehome Park with a lot of disabilities and gay people too.
                                                                          Page 8 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/26/15
