                          TRANSCRIPT
3 and 4 due primarily to the seismic inadequacy of those facilities. Some of
the responses since then we'll review.            Council's action on street
maintenance is one of our big infrastructure success stories to date. Even
before the IBRC had finished its work, Council decided to set a major goal
for improving the City's street conditions and Pavement Condition Index
scores. At that time, the annual budget was more than doubled, and a goal
was set that no street in the City would have a Pavement Condition Index
(PCI) less than 60 by 2021. That's equivalent essentially to having a
Citywide PCI of 85 which represents very good to excellent conditions. With
some additional funding in 2013, that 2021 goal was actually moved to fiscal
year 2019. The update is we are on track to meet the goal. Staff is out
actually doing the end-of-year survey of all City streets this week and next.
We expect that end-of-year score that we report to the Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC) to be 80. We think that'll probably give
us the highest PCI score in all Santa Clara County for 2015, which is good
news. That's the streets part. To address the keep-up and catch-up
findings, ongoing funding of $2.2 million per year was added. Since that
time, we've begun funding these catch-up projects, the $41 million that was
identified. Since 2011, that total catch-up amount has been reduced from
$41 million to $21 million just by each year including some of those projects
in our Capital Improvement Program (CIP). A CIP project was created and
funded to provide the Infrastructure Management System that had been
recommended. Council created the Infrastructure Committee to evaluate
significant unfunded projects like the Public Safety Building and to develop a
funding strategy for providing those projects.             The Infrastructure
Management System that was identified. This slide lists the primary goals
for that. Essentially what we're trying to build is a system that will keep an
inventory of all of our General Fund infrastructure assets, things like
buildings, parks, streets, and then keep track of and report on the keep-up
work that's needed to take care of them and any catch-up work that's yet to
be done. We want to be able to do that over the short and long-term for all
those assets. That kind of information will help us to plan more effectively
and strategically for the resources that are needed over time to properly
manage the City's infrastructure. We've got a diagram here of the proposed
structure of the IMS that we've been working on. If you see the top left
there, that piece is Maintenance Connection which is an application that's
already used by our Public Works facilities group. It's proposed to be used
to track maintenance history on infrastructure assets, capital investments
that we do through the capital budget in these assets, and then condition of
the assets. Questica is the other piece. It's currently being used, starting a
couple of years ago, for the City's budget process. That will be primarily
used to track the longer-term financial needs and also those deferred
maintenance or catch-up amounts. Obviously, a key thing is that these
applications will need to be integrated so that they can talk to each other, so
                                                                           Page 3 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
