                          TRANSCRIPT
Arastradero and Charleston, intersections there that will be at "F" in a few
years, our traffic models are telling us. If you look at the community
survey, traffic, parking, land use, quality of new development are all getting
scores very, very low, 10 to 25 percent beneath where they were four or five
years ago. We need to deal with these issues, and L-8 is the most effective
and concrete way of doing that. How can we retain balance between growth
and quality of life? How do we deal with jobs, employment, employed
resident ratio? How do we grapple with high housing costs? Where do we
find money for parks and schools in our community? L-8 is the most
effective way for the Council to make a clear statement.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I reread the Land Use Element, and it is great. I
really like it. You get excited about the future of Palo Alto just reading it.
I'd like to keep a lot of it, and I'd like to see us continue to implement it. I
think what Council Member Schmid just talked about is—I mean, L-I on its
own is a big issue. In terms of process tonight, we were asked three
questions. I'd like to see us maybe just do a round and motions on L-8 and
then separate motions on vision statement and goals. I think they're really
different things. Again, over the years we excluded these different areas.
We can say we have half of our cap left. Again, if you add in all the
excluded development, we're kind of there. I think we should really have a
discussion about where are we in terms of impacts and what do we want
under L-8 going forward, in the next Comp Plan. We had this discussion
about this interim 50,000 feet of office space with some kind of quality
measures, but that's only for two years. I really think that's kind of the
hardest work of the Comp Plan, is in L-8. Personally I'd be in favor of some
new program looking at some kind of annual growth limit Citywide. Also,
the different parts of the Comp Plan, there's a lot of different types of land
use in Palo Alto. We talk a lot about housing which—is there a plan for the
Housing Element to come to us? I don't think it was on the schedule, and I
think we really do need to add it.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank for that question, Council Member DuBois. We show
on our schedule an opportunity in February to meet with the Council and the
CAC to talk about this question about the Housing Element and whether it
should be adjusted. The Council did make a commitment in adopting the
Housing Element to come back and look at this question of whether some of
the sites should be eliminated in some areas, either in favor of new sites or
higher densities elsewhere.

Council Member DuBois: Good. There's also other land uses like R&D,
manufacturing, we've lost a lot of. Manufacturing is making somewhat of a

                                                                         Page 59 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
