                          TRANSCRIPT
City of Palo Alto did not conscript those people into the army and send them
off to kill people. It was the Federal government, that is, all of the whole
United States. It's everybody's obligation; they should just do it. The other
thing that's a little bit more close to home is the question, if the Council can
upzone at will, as it has done to the advantage of some and the detriment of
others, why can't it downzone the same property. I know you can't discuss
this either with me or among yourselves without putting it on the public
agenda. I'd like you to put it on the public agenda, because I see a situation
here with this trailer park in which these people are not exactly only renters.
They're also homeowners and investors. The put up the investment money
to put the structures on the land, then they supplied the workforce and the
consumers which made a town out of what had before been bare land. To
me, that's an investor just like me, just like you. I don't see why they can't
be granted the fairness and the courtesy of being zoned what they started
out as. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have Keith Bennett to be followed by Peter
Dreckmeier.

Keith Bennett: Hello, my name is Keith Bennett. I'm a resident; I live on
Webster in Palo Alto, on the edge of what I would like to call the dewatering
zone. It's an issue of significant concern to me. I'd just like to give you a
few facts. Based on the 2008 City Manager Report, for one basement
typically 8-10 million gallons of water is pumped. This year there were 14
basements that were dewatered in an area of roughly 1 square mile. That's
126 million gallons of water. That's 18 million cubic feet. This water is
pumped, and it is dumped down the storm drains. The water is useable.
The City puts a pipe there for trucks to pick up, and they put taps.
However, in practice only 1 or 2 percent of the water is actually used. Let
me give you a perspective on how much water that is. It's enough to fill
50,400 2,500-gallon water tank trucks. It's enough to fill a football field
including the end zones 275 feet deep. It's enough to supply 1,500 single-
family homes in Palo Alto for water for one year based on the average
monthly usage in July of 226 gallons per day. It is also enough to lower the
water table in 50 percent porous clay soil by 13 inches over an area of 1
square mile. I don't believe that the 2008 report that says effects only go a
few tens of feet are consistent with these kinds of numbers. The 2004
study, upon which the City policy is currently based, states that there may
be impacts, as I mentioned, of a few tens of feet. It seems to me that
considering the intensity of this dewatering, the localized impacts are
probably significant. They can include ground settling. Dewatering is just
that; it reduces soil moisture. Tree roots go down about 7 feet; the water
table in that area is about 8 feet below ground. If you lower it by, let's say,
4 feet to make a basement, it is now out of the zone of the tree roots. I
                                                                         Page 24 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
