                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I wasn't talking about anything Council Member
Wolbach had to say at this point. I was talking about the issue of AB 744
and the fact that .5 ...

Council Member Filseth: Page 20.

Council Member Scharff: Yes, page 20, or 18 in the slides. How's that?
Page 20, correct. That was not saying that what Council Member Wolbach
was saying was not appropriate; it just wasn't what I was talking about.

Ms. Silver: I apologize. Did you have a question?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, I had two questions.

Ms. Silver: I missed them both.

Council Member Scharff: It's all right, no worries. The question I had was in
the Staff Report. It says that we can—it allows Council to increase the
parking requirements and if an appropriate parking study is completed which
overrides AB 74 if you do the parking study. That's what it seemed to
indicate in the Staff Report, and it seemed to indicate there were two
possibilities. One was a Citywide parking study, and one was a project. I
wanted you to address the differences in the two studies, whether or not we
could do this and how that worked.

Ms. Silver: Sure. This is language that actually is in the State law that
gives cities an out, if they perform these traffic studies.

Council Member Scharff: Are they traffic studies or parking studies?

Ms. Silver: Parking studies, excuse me, yes. It's not something that
specifically overrides the State law, but it gives cities more discretion. The
language was copied from State law in order to avail ourselves of this
exception.

Council Member Scharff: What I wanted to know was to understand how the
exception works. If we don't understand it right now, that's a perfectly
acceptable response. I just was wondering, if we did understand it, how it
works.

Ms. Silver: My understanding is that a project-specific parking study would
not be allowed, that it has to be a Citywide parking study.

Council Member Scharff: What I would really like to be in the parking lot
that we've talked about today is the possibility of how those studies would
work and how we could start doing that study as soon as possible, so we
                                                                       Page 74 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
