                         TRANSCRIPT
a pretty important direction for us to be going in, aside from following
Council Member Scharff's fundamentalist flag that he's been flying.

Council Member Burt: First I feel obliged to respond to the last comments.
The public's comments on all sides of this have been valuable, but we as a
Council are not supposed to simply do a tally of how many speakers speak
at a Council meeting. We make our decisions on listening and hearing the
public and reviewing the facts. In this case, I happen to agree with many of
the speakers tonight, but I have to make my decision based upon looking at
the facts and interpreting them as best I can, not just doing a head count.
In the interest of maybe getting us out a few minutes earlier, I want to
concur with Staff. The stop sign concept is premature. There are a lot of
pros and cons as to whether that's a good idea or a bad idea. I wouldn't
support it, and I hope we're not going to spend time debating whether to
direct Staff on something as specific as that tonight. I do want to ask Staff
on two issues that are directly related to the project and whether they
should be considered in the EIR or not. It's a late hour, and I should be
more clear on this. One is the issue of the daylight plane on the single-
family home. Should that be considered outside of the EIR consideration?

Ms. Silver: Yes. The EIR found no shade and shadow impacts, but there are
some zoning considerations. I would lump that with entitlements.

Council Member Burt: The safety issue that I brought up earlier on the sight
line exiting from Sherman. Should that also be outside the EIR?

Ms. Silver: The Grant issue?

Council Member Burt: I'm sorry. Yes, Grant.

Ms. Silver: Yes. That can also be a condition of approval.

Mayor Holman:      I mentioned previously, members of the public also
mentioned previously, that there are some things in the Statement of
Overriding Considerations that are not applicable. I also have concerns
about precedents. There is a good amount of language that I would like to
eliminate from the Statement of Overriding Considerations.

Council Member Scharff: Which packet page is that (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Packet page 351. Right now it says development of a new
office building on this site generates increased rental, blah blah blah. It
talks about the draft California Avenue Concept Plan, blah blah blah. To me,
it should be edited to say "development of a new office building on the site,"
and then skip down to the third from last line, "supports related planning
                                                                       Page 93 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
