                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Migdal: It's time now to open things up for discussions. We'd be
interested in your feedback, areas or things that you'd like to see done that
aren't being done, etc.

Mayor Holman:      Does Staff have any wrap-up before we go to Council
Members?

Ms. DeMarzo: No. We wanted to leave it open, so that there was plenty of
time for discussion and questions.

Council Member Berman: I'll kick it off. Thank you guys very much for the
presentation tonight and for all the work that you guys do outside of the
check-ins with Council. Jim nailed it in his opening when he talked about the
value of public art and how it can cause you to stop and think and ponder
and enjoy, stop you in your tracks. It caused me to go through experiences
that I've had with that and all on trips and a lot of international trips. It
made me realize that those are the times when I'm wandering around a new
city, just looking around, and soaking everything in and seeing neat things
and having them have an impression on me and realize that I should
probably do that in Palo Alto one weekend day and just wander around and
enjoy all the art. Whenever I'm out in Palo Alto, I'm always rushing around.
You don't get a chance to sit back and enjoy it. I love a lot of the new art
that you guys went through in your presentation. I was going to highlight
Brilliance because the first time I saw it was in the evening. All the different
pieces were lit up different colors. It's so amazing. I haven't been back
since and need to go. Is it the Cloud Forest? Is that the name of the piece
at Mitchell Park? I could list them all. They're all fantastic. I haven't been
out to the water treatment facility to see those yet, but I'll have to go check
them out. I was glad that we got an update on the mobile app. Thank you
for a lot of the work that you're doing personally on it, Jim. That is a neat
thing that will open up accessibility to a lot of our pieces for folks. A couple
of random thoughts that I had during the presentation. I don't know if you
could do this. I don't know if it'd be PC to do this. Having maybe a two-
hour or four-hour, an all-day map of different public art pieces in Palo Alto
that folks should look at. You give out different options for different time
limits, some of the more prominent pieces that we have and a map for folks
to get to those. Maybe it's that I want that personally for a weekend day.
I'm being selfish, but it seems like it could be a neat idea. I can't remember
if I brought this up before or not; maybe I haven't.              We get some
developments in town that don't turn out as aesthetically pleasing as we
might have hoped. In private developments, it'd be more difficult. I was
thinking about the affordable housing complex at, I think, Homer and Alma
and the wall that exists on Alma as a part of that. Is that something where
public art might add a little value and soften the visual elements? It could
                                                                           Page 9 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
