                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump:      Madam Mayor, we might appreciate the more general
statement, because there will be a consultant coming onboard to assist the
airport. We should probably hear from those experts about exactly how to
structure it. We fully understand that the Council wants full participation by
neighbors and interested stakeholders.

Mayor Holman: Very good. Council Member Filseth, speak to your second.

Council Member Filseth: I thought it was pretty clear that Council Member
Kniss made a Motion, not a "D" Motion. I just had one question. If we
proceed and adopt this, when does the interim ordinance go into effect?

Mr. Sartor: Please ask your question again, Council Member.

Council Member Filseth: When would the ordinance go into effect?

Mr. Keene: The resolution.

Council Member Filseth: As a resolution. Then the City would come back
with an ordinance.

Ms. Stump:      You would adopt the minimum standards by resolution.
Resolutions generally go into effect right away; however, this is a fine point
of municipal law. In the event that some citizen group or a number of
citizens were interested in circulating a referendum petition, we would
advise to allow that same 30-day period that applies to an ordinance.

Council Member Filseth: I'm surprised the County hadn't done this already.
I think it's high time we did it. We should do it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I actually just wanted to mention a couple of
things in recognition of the comments that we heard from the public.
Actually I think one of the speakers referenced it, but I want to make sure
it's really clear. Regarding the airport noise issue that we already suffer in
Palo Alto, Council Member Filseth and City Staff have been working very
diligently on this. We are very focused on that. I appreciate you're also
paying attention to it. Thanks for continuing to not just to keep working on
that. I know that Council Member Filseth and Staff are doing their best on
that issue. As far as the concerns that these standards might be too low,
something is better than nothing. I definitely want to make sure we're
careful not to overshoot when it's an interim ordinance. Because we haven't
had the opportunity to go through that extensive stakeholder input process,
I don't think that now is the time to be adopting very, very stringent

                                                                           Page 92 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
