                          TRANSCRIPT
single-story home on Metro. I've been living with homes which are kind of
like any other American neighborhood with high-rise or taller homes.
Privacy has never been an issue. I'm also on the perimeter of Greer, which
is a busy street. Privacy should be of a prime concern for me rather than
the Metro Circle and the Moffett Circle which is more on the secluded side.
If this gets passed, what happens is, the implication is that there is a
tradeoff between open space and indoor space. On a 6,000 lot size, if I
have to expand to meet my growing needs, I have to expand basically take
away a line from my side yard, backyard and basically the green space that I
have to basically conform to my expanding needs. Additionally, there's been
some concerns about lighting. The single-story overlay does allow a home
to be at 20 feet. It's going to be closer to the fence. It's going to be more
denser. Lighting is still going to be constrained. The homes are still going
to be high. They're aren't going to be the usual size. They can go up to 20
feet. Our consideration from standpoint where we have folks who are no to
SSO is that this is discriminatory to smaller lot sizes. If I had an 8,000 or
10,000 lot size, a single story is fine. I do not have the luxury of having a
lot of open space, green space. The only option is if I have to expand in the
future, I would have to go two story. That's my point.

Mayor Holman: There's a question for you, sir.

Council Member Burt:     Can you tell me, do the lots on Greer have deed
restrictions as well?

Mr. Tauiliani: (inaudible). Deed restrictions?

Council Member Burt: Yes.

Mr. Tauiliani: No, I don't know (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: Covenants, CCRs on ...

Mr. Tauiliani: I don't have that data point.

Council Member Burt: Maybe later speakers if they know.

Mayor Holman: Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait.

Council Member Burt: Perhaps later speakers can clarify. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Yes, yes. Later. Thank you so much. The next speaker is
DanDan Yu, to be followed by Andrew Vainshtein. I'm sorry, it's very hard
writing to read.


                                                                        Page 114 of 132
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 11/30/15
