                          TRANSCRIPT
necessary to hold the event at Cubberley and some other issues. Hopefully
this is one of—just a first start of these types of things. It was really neat to
see folks of all sorts of faiths and backgrounds and kids playing together on
Saturday. One other thing that I quickly want to mention is this is the
second time that we've had folks reach out to us about a resolution
regarding human trafficking. Is there a way that we can kind of fast track
this to a conversation or do I need to write a Colleagues Memo about it?

Mayor Holman: I asked Council Member Kniss, because we did get those
today again. I asked Council Member Kniss if she would mind taking the
lead on getting a Colleagues Memo written quickly, so we can get that on
the Council agenda. If you'd care to join Council Member Kniss in that, I
mean, I'm certainly interested in doing that. If you'd also care to join
Council Member Kniss on that memo, let her know.

Council Member Kniss: I have a number of notes to me indicating support.

Council Member Berman: Duly noted.

Council Member Kniss: Send your check.

Mayor Holman:      You have at least two more supporters.          Yes, Council
Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I just wanted to say that Staff should be getting
you that memo on the fight between ABAG and MTC. The meeting is
Thursday night at ABAG. If you have any comments you want to get to me
before the meeting, share any perspectives, give me a call. I actually want
to ask the City Attorney, I don't think I have any Brown Act issues in talking
at all to my Council Members on this, do I? I don't know. Unless we were
going to take some action.

Molly Stump, City Attorney:      I'm sorry.   Clarify for me which Board are
you...

Council Member Scharff: I'm going to the ABAG meeting. I'm not sure
there's four people who actually want to talk to me about it. I basically
offered, after they read the memo, if anyone wants to call me and give me
their perspective, that would be great. I just want to make sure—do I have
to say after I've talked to three, I can't talk to any more? Is that ...

Ms. Stump: It may be. It may be. Why don't you and I confer about what
the scope of the issue is.



                                                                         Page 99 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
