                         TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager: Just because somebody's not on the steering
committee of the Board, doesn't mean they're not engaged in the work of
the Board and the Board's work. It's a good comment for us to receive, and
we'll take it under serious advisement. Not every issue involves some of the
specialty areas of some of our Staff. We don't want to have a Board of 30
people meeting. We can assure that the role of the Urban Forester and the
forest and the flora and the fauna, as Council Member Burt was talking
about, are an integral part of our sustainability focus.

Council Member Scharff: I forget exactly how many programs there were in
here. Was it 98 or 90?

Mr. Passmore: 97.

Council Member Scharff: Obviously it's a tremendous amount of work
putting 97 programs together. I compliment you on it. I read through a lot
of them and was impressed with what you came up, that you managed to
put a bunch of disparate views in the community together and come up with
plans on these things. It's a great first step. There's a budget in here of $5
million over ten years, roughly, if I recall. Some of those things we're going
to spend early on. Is that in the CIP already? I haven't looked. I know I'm
supposed to know the answer to that.

Mr. Passmore: No, it's not currently in the budget. We did not want to
propose budget before we came before Council to propose adoption of the
Plan. If the Plan is adopted, we would come back with a Budget Amendment
Ordinance to implement the Year one programs as outlined in the
implementation plan.

Council Member Scharff: That makes sense.

Mr. Passmore: The Year one spending is approximately $120,000 above
what we're currently spending.

Council Member Scharff: We ramp that up fairly quickly to get to $5 million.
I forget how the spending goes.

Mr. Passmore: It's not an even expenditure through all the years, because
there's some large expenditures.        For example, the Comprehensive
Conservation Plans that address management of open space and our native
ecosystems in the Foothills and Baylands are going to be a very large
expense that are projected in Year seven or so.

Council Member Scharff: Lately we haven't been doing this. We've been
funding our plans that we pass like this. My concern also would be, I think it
                                                                         Page 80 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
