                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, to the amendment.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to speak against the amendment. I think
there are unintended consequences that go the other way as well, which
we've seen with CPI and the issues like that. Once you put in a Tier 3,
obviously people make an investment.            Then it's a 15, 20, 30-year
discussion about if you want to change that. That's a large unintended
consequence. We are talking about dangerous Tier 3—CPI's not even Tier 3.
CPI is now in Tier 2. I don't really think we'd want to invite those kind of
uses into the community and limit, frankly, land uses around them for that
30 years.      That's a big decision you're making.        I think that is the
unintended consequence you wouldn't want to do. Now I did suggest that if
Staff sees something or hears from people about why you may want to have
some exceptions to that general rule, I think that'd be fine as we go through
the ordinance process, which we are doing. We're going to go to Planning
and Transportation and move through that. I think it makes much more
sense to eliminate Tier 3 rather than leaving that out with the unintended
consequence that we could frankly be limiting other land uses then for a
really long period of time. If the community wants to get rid of that once it's
in there, we no longer can do that. I think the other thing we have to realize
is that this is a conditional use permit that's usually granted by the Director
of Planning. It doesn't come to Council. There are a couple of conditional
use permits that have been granted that I didn't agree with. I think they
were a mistake, and I think a lot of people—I mean that's not attacking the
Director's decision. We could make a 30-year land use decision without
oversight by the Council and without an understanding of what's happening.
To me that's a huge unintended consequence.

Mayor Holman: I guess I understand, but I think there is a lack of clarity in
the amendment, Council Member DuBois. It says to replace in the Motion
that Staff be directed to prohibit Tier 3 uses. I think it's also "and replace
with Staff to review Tier 3 use restrictions and suggest improvements in the
ordinance when it returns to Council." Isn't it "and also"?

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) replace it with (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Now that gets us clear. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I am familiar with what Title 19 thresholds are like.
Our industrial areas are light industrial. They're not heavy industry. Title 19
size of facilities that have this level of hazardous materials really don't
belong in light industrial areas in urban environments. We've seen an
evolution as two things have happened over the last 50 years or so here.
We've become more urbanized in Palo Alto, and long term it'll be even more

                                                                            Page 77 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
