                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene reiterated that the purpose of the Manual and initiatives was for
the City to become active with legislation. If the Council wanted to make
changes, it could adopt the Manual and instruct Staff to add detail.

Mayor Holman suggested Council Members propose a Motion to approve the
draft Legislative Program Manual and draft Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic
Initiatives, and then propose changes.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council could reframe some topics or make them
more specific.

MOTION:     Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Schmid to approve the Draft Legislative Program Manual and the Draft
Spring 2015 Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic Initiatives documents.

Vice Mayor Schmid felt approving the documents was a way for the Council
to proceed. Staff could gather ideas for elements from Council Member
comments and at a later time discuss an update of strategic initiatives.

Mr. Keene requested the Council clarify the process for Staff returning.

Council Member Kniss felt the Council should not refine the list of initiatives
in the current discussion. The State lobbyist would interact with Staff, the
Council or the Committee.

Mr. Hackmann reported the State and Federal lobbyists would attend fall and
spring Committee meetings.

Council Member Kniss added that the Committee could hold conference calls
with the State lobbyist.

Mr. Keene advised that Staff received a weekly or biweekly update from
State lobbyist.

Council Member Kniss suggested the State lobbyist attend a Council meeting
soon.

Mayor Holman noted the deadline for legislators to submit proposed
legislation was Friday, February 27, 2015.

Council Member Filseth stated the Council should focus on legislation that
directly affected Palo Alto as taxpayer dollars were paying for lobbyists.

Council Member Berman believed the list of initiatives was a way for the City
to inform representatives of the City's priorities. The Council could also
identify three to five tangible initiatives to target in 2016.

02/17/2015                                                                 117- 22
