                          TRANSCRIPT
what I have to do to isolate it, whether to get a crew or by the SCADA
system, we can make it safe. Now, doing this for seven years, I have not
been in a position to where I take the phone home and there may be a call.
For me, sometimes the anxiety kicks in, but you know you care. If you don't
care or don't respect electricity, you're in the wrong career. We need help.
We need operators. Before I came, four operators got poached to Santa
Clara. More recently, two weeks ago, a guy we were training left to Santa
Clara. That was devastating for me because I thought he would stay. When
I got there, Jesse thought I would leave. He wouldn't even talk to me. He
was like "You're going to go." The other thing is what we do, which is key.
If PG&E—we communicate with them from about 101. If they cut us off or if
something happens and we have a rolling blackout, etc., it's up to us to
redirect the power starting with our critical customers, Stanford Hospital,
police, fire, customers and probably City Hall last. That's what we do. Apart
from talking to customers at 101, from a larger scale we control basically all
electricity goes through this office, goes through our little 12 x 20 SCADA
screen. We can't do it by ourselves. I like working for the City. Again, you
guys—I put on 20 pounds; you guys are taking care of me here. We just
can't do it alone. I don't have time for a haircut. We just need the help.
You guys hear our voices. They're going to negotiate what they have to
negotiate, but we need operators. Two guys running a 24-hour system, we
just need help. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.        Come back any time.       Mary Sekator to be
followed by Peggy Quillman.

Mary Sekator, SEIU: Hello, Council. My name is Mary Sekator. I've worked
for the City for 25 years, one of the many longest employees. This is on
behalf of my colleagues and the Palo Alto regional wastewater treatment
plant and my fellow City employees and SEIU Local 521. At the wastewater
treatment plant, we prevent public health crises, protect marine life and
assure water quality for this City and its residents. Palo Alto is a premier
city, large in part to its professional, skilled and knowledgeable City
employees. To keep the City great, we ask you to thoughtfully consider our
union proposals and carefully evaluate the challenges ahead. We have lost
many dedicated wastewater treatment plant operators and employees,
because they understandably left for higher wages and better benefits. We
are losing skilled and professional City workers every day from all
departments.      Even Valerie Fong, the City's Utilities Director, has
acknowledged that staffing turnover is a critical issue. She told the Palo Alto
Weekly in the November 19th issue that she fears institutional knowledge is
leaving the City and that the focus has to be making sure that we have in
place folks who can carry on.        As we already face uphill battles in
maintaining our deteriorating wastewater treatment plant—I know we've had
                                                                           Page 73 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
