                          TRANSCRIPT
referred by the Finance Committee for Staff to come back. It's a very meaty
and huge item for the organization. Unfortunately, we have some time
limitations today. It was very difficult to calendar the item. We had it
originally on September 15th, but that got bumped. Mr. Bartel has to catch
a flight to Southern California, so he only has an hour. I'm going to try to
hush up here so we can get to his presentation. I wanted to tell you one
thing real quick. We have one correction that is an important correction
where we made a typo. It's on packet page 15 of your Staff Report—our
Staff Report, excuse me—or page 12 of the report itself. Right below the
contribution projections for Safety, there's the second line, second sentence
that talks about the funding ratio for Public Safety. We listed it at 60.9; that
should be 68.9. It's a big, big, big difference there. Packet page 15 or 12 of
the report. It's correct in the actuary reports and everything else. It's just
when we picked it up, we didn't pick up the right number. The thinking
today was that we would have Mr. Bartel start his presentation. We kindly
ask that you allow him to complete it. Hopefully we can do this in about 30
minutes, and then give you an opportunity to then—you choose, Mayor, as
to how you want to divide the time remaining. With that, let me turn it over
to Mr. Bartel, unless you have any other comments.

John Bartel, Bartel and Associates President: Thank you very much. I really
want to start this off with a couple of comments. Number one, I absolutely
apologize for having to catch the plane, but the meeting tomorrow morning
in Southern California is at 8:00 a.m., so I didn't really have any other
options. I apologize for that. Number two, I want to tell you something that
I do my best every time I talk to Council to try to say the same thing.
Hopefully I've said this to you all before, but it is a great honor for me to
speak to you all. I will tell you I don't like my work; I love my work. I
absolutely look forward to your questions. I am confident, because I've
talked with you all before, that you are engaged on this topic. There's two
reasons why I'm sorry I have to close at 7:00. Reason number one is I am
confident I would enjoy the conversation. Number two, it may cut your
questions short. Sorry, sorry, sorry about that. We're going to go through
several things. I'm going to go through some of these slides very quickly
and try my best to get to what I think are the important ones. The most
important one is really what I refer to as CalPERS' upcoming issues.
Sometimes when people see the term "issue," they think of it as necessarily
bad. I'm going to give you a little caveat here. I'm a lifetime resident of
California. I don't know whether I consider myself the leading actuary in
this, but I think I know a lot about what CalPERS is doing. What they are
doing, these three things that we're going to talk about. My little editorial
comment is I think they are absolutely moving down the right path. I may
not have said that if we were talking about this issue a few years ago. Thing
number one that they're changing is what I refer to as a contribution policy
                                                                           Page 2 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
