                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We are.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “mixed use projects that provide
space for cultural amenities such as but not limited to art galleries and
studios.”

Council Member Kniss: Not that they're not attractive. This is a lot. We're
up to what, ten of them now.

Mayor Holman: Let me hang one ornament on this tree. I wanted to get it
out there and listed, because we don't get this kind of amenity. That's why I
wanted to specifically list it. Thank you all. We are ready to vote. This is to
evaluate applications subject to the annual limit using the following criteria:
density of development in the context of underlying zoning and
surroundings; the ability to avoid or address potential impacts on traffic and
parking; quality of their design including their attention to human scale
where the buildings meet the street; their compatibility with surroundings
and their overall architectural quality; their environmental quality; the
monetary and/or nonmonetary value of public benefits offered; mixed-use
projects including substantial housing; mixed-use projects including retail;
mixed-use projects providing space for cultural amenities such as but not
limited to art galleries and studios.

Council Member Burt: Your amendment triggered this. I'm a bit troubled by
how specific that amendment is. What it did trigger in my mind is that
we've given no guidance on how these things would be comparatively
weighted, what's most important. I would love to see more art galleries and
studios. I don't think it's anywhere near as important as other of the
selection criteria that we have listed here. I'm troubled that we haven't
given that guidance. As it stands right now, would Staff interpret this
motion to treat all these equally?

Mayor Holman: I'm aware and was aware that we hadn't ranked these. I
was thinking that we could rank those and rate them when they come back,
after public vetting and after Planning and Transportation Commission.

Council Member Kniss: Yeah, let's do that.

Mayor Holman: Is Staff okay with that?

Council Member Burt: If Staff is perceiving that they've received some
general guidance from our comments as to what's most important and
they're not going to treat this as a starting point of all these being
tentatively equal in importance, I'm okay with giving them that discretion.
                                                                        Page 84 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
