                          TRANSCRIPT
clear our community values environment, open space and parks. I think C-
28 is important. In terms of the vision for the Community Services Element,
I agree with Staff's recommendation, which is in my motion here, to update
the existing vision statement with minor revisions for Council review. I think
we talked about this several months ago. I think the current vision is great,
and we should largely keep it as is. In terms of structure of the goals and
the organization, I have to say that I did attend the CAC discussion on this
element. This was kind of my take-away which would be to keep in this
element to have a mix of the current Comp Plan and the PTC version. My
proposal here is that Goal C-1, efficient delivery, is pretty much as-is in the
current plan. Goal 2 is customer service. Goal 3 would actually pull from
the PTC draft. I called out here, I think it's important that this Comp Plan
has a policy really focusing on developing Cubberley Community Center. I
think we heard a little bit of that tonight. Goals 4 and 5 are new goals from
the PTC draft. I did reorganize these a little bit, and I wanted to explain that
to Staff. I think C-5, health and well being, was actually C-1 in the PTC
draft. A lot of the confusion I'm seeing at the CAC meetings has to do with
kind of comparing the old and the new. I think if you keep the numbering of
the old elements and add the new elements as new numbers, you might just
avoid confusion. That's the only reason I moved it down here to the bottom.
That's my motion. It may be premature, but I thought I'd give it a shot.

Mayor Holman: Is there a second? Council Member Filseth has seconded.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to organize the Comprehensive Plan Update as follows:

For the Community Services Element, direct Staff to update the existing
Vision Statement with minor revisions for City Council review and adopt the
following organization of:

A.    C1 – Efficient service delivery (Current); and

B.    C2 – Customer service (Current); and

C.    C3 – Maintaining Parks and Public Facilities (PTC) – CAC to discuss
      policy to focus on planning and development of Cubberley Community
      Center; and

D.    C4 – Planning for the Future (new); and

E.    C5 – Health and Well Being (new).
Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you need to speak to your
motion any further?

                                                                         Page 52 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
