                          TRANSCRIPT
in the context of the neighborhood and also circulation and also potentially
daylight plane. Would that be a Motion that would provide appropriate
clarity to the parties, particularly to the Applicant? I'm just trying to get a
better sense of the process and make sure that whatever we end up with,
whatever Motion we end up with, has enough clarity that we've put
ourselves and everybody in a good position to move forward.

Mayor Holman: One comment on that. The HRB doesn't address circulation.
That's what I heard you saying.

Council Member Wolbach: Those would be separate things. I believe the
Motion was intending that one piece of additional information we would be
expecting would be a study about circulation, particularly as it relates to
Lane 30 onto Kipling Street. The other part was to look at the historical
context including how the design of this building relates to the context of the
neighborhood.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to ask Council Member Schmid. When
you said it doesn't address compatibility on University Avenue, how would
you address that? Are you looking for them to make a smaller building?
What's your concern?

Vice Mayor Schmid: The base issue virtually everyone has brought up is
massing, the size and scale of the building.

Council Member Scharff: Not just in a historical context for you?

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's right. Although, the sharpest discrepancy is on
the Kipling Street side. There still is the University Avenue set of buildings.
It does...

Council Member Scharff:   How would you address that issue in an
Amendment? I may not accept it, but how would you?

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we need to vote on the Motion that's
before us. We're fishing, and I don't think that's a good way to proceed. If
there is an Amendment to be offered, it can be offered. We're fishing. I
would suggest that we vote on the Motion.

Council Member Scharff: Unless you want to make an Amendment, Greg.

Mayor Holman: I didn't hear him being forthcoming with an Amendment.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED FAILED:                     4-5 Berman, Kniss,
Scharff, Wolbach yes

                                                                       Page 84 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
