                          TRANSCRIPT
been open-door committees that have invited participation and attendance,
but they are not required to follow all of the formalities of a Brown Act body.

Mayor Holman: Having to do with that, correct me if I'm wrong, Council
Members could make recommendations. Council Members could make
recommendations to the City Manager, and he could select from the
recommendations from the Council. The other thing that we could adjust
that process with is—even though the working group would be advisory to
the City Manager as opposed to the Council, if that's the way the Council
wants to go—it could also include reporting to the Council. What happens
sometimes is it gets lost; the Council doesn't see any minutes. We don't see
any outcomes; we just have a Staff Report that includes no input from the
committee. We lose a lot. I don't see any reason why we couldn't do both.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can make an observation? The process
that was used for the Housing Element update that went efficiently last year
was what the City Attorney described. The City Manager solicited interest
from members of the community and selected from the applicants a
balanced group that worked with the Staff. We had regular reports to, in
that case, a Council Committee, but we were able to share the work of the
committee. Ultimately it was their recommendation that came forward for
the Council's action. That's a model that has worked quite recently. We'd
be happy to follow that model and solicit applications from people at the
Summit and encourage people who don't get appointed to participate in the
meetings, which would be public meetings and noticed even though they
would not be required under the Brown Act. That's, again, what we did with
the Housing Element group.

Mayor Holman: You're right, though there is a difference there. There was
a Housing Element Committee, so people reported to that. There were
people on that Committee, actually at one point in time there was a Planning
Commissioner on that Committee who sat at the table with them. We had
some direct input. What I'm looking for is direct input.

Ms. Stump: Madam Mayor, the important thing for the Brown Act is if the
Council sets up the committee by vote tonight, that is a Brown Act body.

Mayor Holman: My proposal was that the Council could submit names to the
City Manager, and he could select from those and names could also be
coming forth from the Summit. He would have a pool of people to draw
from.

Ms. Stump: Yes. I wasn't clear. It's not just the composition of the
committee. It's the establishment of the committee. The motion on the
floor now would create a Brown Act body.
                                                                          Page 42 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
