                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: That final reading, if we've given clarity on what's
going to be in there, that's a different issue from—their issue is they want to
make sure that April 1st, they've got something. Oh, I see. You're counting
the calendar to April 1st.

Ms. Stump: I am.

Council Member Burt: It's all of March, and it's got to be mid-February then
you're saying.

Ms. Stump: I am, yes.

Ms. Gitelman: Vice Mayor Schmid, if I could just interject one thing. We're
talking here about the fact that whatever zone system and pricing system
we land on will have to be entered into the permit sales system. I mean,
there is some actual build-out time once we make a decision. We were
hoping that this evening we would get those recommendations from the
Council so that we could prepare the Ordinance and Resolution accordingly.
We'll obviously try our best, but the earliest we could get your direction on
these things would be the better, if we're going to try and hit that April 1st
start date for Phase 2.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, we're about 2 hours behind schedule.
We have a lot of stuff to cover. I'm still not supportive of this motion. I
think it's getting close. I'll propose some friendly amendments, possibly
unfriendly. I emailed them to you, David, but maybe one at a time. Again,
I think we left this idea of is there a boundary to the Downtown District. I
would propose a replacement of "B" with directing Staff to return with a
proposal for the outer limit of the Downtown RPP and creation of a
residential RPP for easy annexation by streets that opt in.

Council Member Burt: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Schmid: No, because we're talking ...

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. Did you guys accept it or ...

Council Member Burt: No (inaudible).

Council Member DuBois: Okay.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You were not talking about the time.


                                                                       Page 71 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
