                             MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach suggested the Council assign Boards and
Commissions to lead Priorities. The Historic Resources Board (HRB) and
Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC) could work on Healthy
City/Healthy Community.      The Architectural Review Board (ARB) and
Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) could focus on the Built
Environment and the Comprehensive Plan. He inquired whether the Council
could accomplish that and provide clear direction as to where those Boards
and Commissions should focus their time.          The City/School Liaison
Committee should have more substance. Perhaps a third Council Member
could be assigned to that Committee.

The City/School Liaison Committee could draft proposals regarding Project
Safety Net, Cubberley, bike routes, traffic, shared use of fields and gyms,
and land use issues.

Council Member Berman indicated the Council should attempt to provide
direction to Committees, Commissions, and Boards and carefully consider
how to provide those directions and topics for review.

Council Member Kniss commented that it was difficult to provide specific
directions from nine different people. Attempting to alter the City/School
Liaison Committee did not disparage it; however, the PAUSD Board had its
own challenges and charges. That would be a very interesting direction, but
the Council should be aware of sensitivity at that Committee.

Council Member Burt advised that certain issues on the horizon lent
themselves to having a greater dialog through the City/School Liaison
Committee. Council Member Berman expressed concern about delegating
too much of the Cubberley issue to the City/School Liaison Committee. The
Council could circumscribe which issues it delegated. Committees did not
make decisions but provided recommendations to the Council. The role of a
Committee was to hold deeper discussions and vet topics to allow the
Council to reach better decisions more efficiently. Few infrastructure issues
would need to be vetted by a Committee. He questioned whether the
Council would have less discussion of the Comprehensive Plan if a
Comprehensive Plan Committee vetted it and made recommendations to the
Council. Instead of creating Council Committees, perhaps the Mayor could
appoint two liaisons. The Healthy City Healthy Community concept was
new. He was unsure whether that should be referred to the Policy and
Services Committee or created as an ad hoc Committee.

Council Member DuBois suggested a Comprehensive Plan Committee would
allow Council Members to work on the Comprehensive Plan more often. The
Council could apply the model of the Housing Element and Regional Housing
Mandate Committee to the Comprehensive Plan Committee. Perhaps the
purpose of the Comprehensive Plan citizens group could change from

02/17/2015                                                           116- 490
