                          TRANSCRIPT
National Research Center compares our responses to other jurisdictions who
do some sort of a survey that asks a similar question to the questions in the
National Citizen Survey. If our percentage says higher, it means our
responses are generally 6 percent higher than cities who had comparable
questions. One of the key things to note about this is if you look at the last
two items on that list, quality of services and Palo Alto as a place to retire.
Although the response rate of excellent and good was not as high, it was
similar to benchmarked cities. That means that sometimes, even though we
might have a lower rating, it doesn't necessarily mean we're doing worse
than other cities. If you go and look at what other cities answered, they're
going to have a similar response rate to that type of question. It may mean
that overall people don't have as high of a perspective of those types of
questions. This year, the National Research Center changed the format for
the report. In the past, they compiled the questions in general in the way
they were presented in the survey. This year, they put the report into three
separate categories, which they referred to as pillars. They were community
characteristics, governance and participation. Within each of those pillars,
they had nine facets. They put the questions in one of those pillars and a
facet within those pillars. One thing about that is sometimes the questions
felt a little bit forced into a category, where they didn't necessarily seem like
they fit very well. Because of this format, that was the choice that they had.
It's our understanding that they plan to continue this format in the future.
We'll probably be talking to them about ways to help it suit our needs a little
bit better, where some of the questions felt a little bit too forced. This next
slide, I put several questions where citizens generally rated the questions
high regardless of what geographic subgroup they were in. That means
either overall north or south or one of the six geographic areas. I've listed
those here; I'm not going to read them all to you. I wanted to point out that
there were some general areas that regardless of where citizens live they
rated it high. Conversely the same thing. There were some areas where
citizens generally rated the questions low. Overall you might notice the
mobility. Some of the things that people are well aware of typically got
lower ratings: feeling of safety after dark, overall built environment Some
things we typically hear; so I don't think there's any surprises with those
questions. This year we asked six multiple choice, custom questions. We
worked with the City Manager's Office and the Planning Department to
identify questions that might help with some of the future planning for the
City of Palo Alto. Of those six questions, one was regarding where might
multifamily housing be located. Another one was what kind of support
would residents have for transportation-related investments. Another one
was how easy is it to travel during the workday through Palo Alto.
Availability of public parking in Palo Alto during the week. The speed of
growth in Palo Alto. Overall for locations of multifamily housing, there
wasn't a single area that received high overall support; although, the area
                                                                          Page 4 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
