                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: This is true on both dates.

Council Member Burt: Mayor, I'm not sure that that's correct. I thought it's
only if we elect to not do it as an Urgency Ordinance. It had been directed
to Staff to be an Urgency Ordinance. Staff has made a recommendation that
we do so otherwise, I thought in the Staff Report. It's as yet not determined
whether it would require eight votes.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member Burt. The FPPC
has advised that Council Member DuBois needs to recuse himself from the
growth meter item however the item is structured. The recusal would apply
regardless of the mechanism that the Council chooses to adopt the
ordinance.

Mayor Holman: I think Council Member Burt's questions is does it require or
have we determined yet if it would require a majority or eight votes.

Ms. Stump: A regular ordinance requires five votes. An Urgency Ordinance
would require eight votes.

Council Member Burt: That's right. As the Council sent it to Staff, our
direction at that time was for an Urgency Ordinance which would require
eight votes. If I recall my reading of the Staff Report correctly, they have
come back and recommended that we change that guidance or change that
direction so that it not be an Urgency Ordinance. To my knowledge, the
Council has not yet changed their direction. As of now, it would require
eight votes. Is that correct?

Ms. Stump: Staff, please correct me. We're not actually bringing ordinance
language for adoption on that date. What's being requested is direction to
the Staff to come back. It would be when the ordinance is back before you
that you will absolutely need eight votes if you choose to adopt it as an
Urgency Ordinance.

Council Member Filseth: Briefly, should we consider the possibility, since
this is a pretty important one, that maybe we reshuffle between the June
15th and the June 22nd some other item, so we could treat this on the 15th?

Mayor Holman: The Clerk and the Staff and I can do that. The June 15th
agenda goes out this Thursday.

Mr. Keene: Given the band of all the issues that have been coming before
the Council and prospectively will and the amount of time you have to spend
on them, we're probably going to be pretty limited on what can be moved.
For example, on the 15th we've got the budget. We've got the Fry's plan
                                                                      Page 67 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
