                          TRANSCRIPT
tolerance and the confidence that we feel with those managers. We're doing
the same thing. We talked with the Finance Committee at the last meeting
about maybe refinancing our own debt that we may have including the
Enterprise Funds. If we're paying 3, 4 percent and we're earning 2, maybe
we need to look at that.

Council Member DuBois: A quick last one. Would one option be to—would
the difference in that return be significant enough to pay down? If you're
getting 1.9 and you now get 4, do you just take that 2 percent additional
return?

Mr. Perez: Right. That's the idea, that you're building up those funds.
That's what John was talking about. You seed it and you start growing that,
so when the negative swings come, then hopefully you have enough to buy
you time. That's the way I would look at it from a beginning for us. When
we experience a significant downturn, we kind of scramble and put a freeze
on the organization.     We froze every position that became vacant.
Operationally, that's not necessarily the best thing, because you're not
picking and choosing necessarily. We kind of did, but we were pretty
desperate and we blocked everything. If we had that money set aside,
maybe it allows us to be more selective on what positions we freeze. It
gives us maybe a year, let's say that we have a year or two years of
funding, to make the hard decisions with more time.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Just a couple of things. I think looking at this is, of course,
important. I think also looking at it perhaps in context to the extent that it
make sense would be a good thing to do too. I thought Council Member
Filseth asked a really good question about how much X percent, Y percent,
of raises would impact this. Also, last year the City Council instituted Public
Safety impact fees. I think those were fully loaded, but I'm not sure.

Mr. Perez: Yes, with the numbers that we had at that point.

Mayor Holman: They were fully loaded, so I don't know if it makes enough
difference to look at that in terms of what happens to the part that is the
load, we'll call it, should that be put into this to help keep pace. We should
be adjusting our impact fees regularly anyway.

Mr. Perez: Yeah. I mean Walter could probably speak to the adjustments of
the fees. That's part of the review he does on an annual basis with the
departments and how we come to you with recommendations on
adjustments. At times, very few. Walter can correct me; we had a couple

                                                                         Page 25 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/9/15
