                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Council Member Wolbach, I don't think we'll be on hold with
anything, but we have lots and lots to do. Council's last meeting for the
year is on the 14th of December. We will not be bringing it then. That
packet is published three days from now. We will be talking about January
at the earliest. I think that initial discussions will have begun at that point,
and we will be able to figure out what is an appropriate timing, I think. We
may need to come back to you for clarification with respect to various
possible features of an ordinance.

Council Member Wolbach: Obviously you'd mentioned before we can't really
tell somebody you can't come in. It's going to be difficult for us to have a
high level of requirement placed on them, I would imagine legally. As
Council Member Scharff said, we don't want to be the City that stops Google
Fiber from coming if they're able to come soon. This question of Google
going to all but 5,000 homes or even all but 500 homes, hopefully that's
getting higher, more ubiquitous access. Hopefully that's part of what the
City can negotiate. Obviously, I think we all agree that having access for as
many Palo Altans for whatever fiber system is out there, I think that we all
agree that that's a goal. Hopefully that's open to negotiation based on the
motion as it stands right now. Potential. Let me rephrase. The motion and
the direction to Staff through this motion allows Staff to negotiate with
Google for higher access and more ubiquitous access to broaden from 85 to
95 or even 100 percent of homes.

Mr. Keene: I haven't read it, but that was certainly the intention that we
had. Obviously again, the CAC letter to you actually had some specific
recommendations about being able to close the gap, if you're 100 percent,
that actually might have some benefit to kind of incentivizing other aspects
of the conversation with Google. We'll just double check, but I think we
have that in there.

Council Member Wolbach: Just let me know if we need any amendments to
give you more opportunity to negotiate on these priorities.

Mr. Keene: I think we're good. I think we're going to have to come back to
you all for your approval of anything we put together.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd certainly encourage at least keeping that
under consideration. Sorry. One other thing I guess I just want to make
sure it's really clear and what we're giving you allows you to negotiate is the
option—I think we were kind of hinting at this; I just want to be clear—
potentially in exchange for helping us lay our fiber network, lay our own next
to theirs, a third-party company like Google, we might potentially be able to
negotiate that we would keep ours dark for X number of years while they

                                                                           Page 105 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
