                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: When I looked at kind of every bit of the section
between Alma and Middlefield the other day, I was assuming that the Water
District is concerned that they have a concrete berm and then a steep bank,
so you'd need a fence. Is there something I'm missing there?

Mr. Mello: I think one of the biggest issues is there's ramps that travel down
from our surface streets ...

Council Member Burt: Let's break it up into two parts. Setting aside the
ramps for the moment, but just their other concern where there aren't
ramps.

Ms. Syed: The ramps are only in three locations. Where there are not
ramps, there aren't significant design challenges in the areas there is the
width for a Class 1 path. That isn't ...

Council Member Burt: The three ramps that they have, do they need all
three because they can't get vehicles under some of the places that we have
road crossings or could they have fewer ramps?

Ms. Syed: There's two things. There's the ramps, and then there's the flood
wall. There's three locations where we have flood wall structures, and then
there's four locations that there are ramps.

Council Member Burt: I'm asking about the ramps. Do they need all the
ramps?

Ms. Syed: We haven't gotten that far in the conversation. It's something
that we could ask. At their starting point, they would probably say, "Sure,
we want to maintain our existing ramps." It's something that we would
resolve in the design process.

Council Member Burt: One of the concerns I have with the discussion with
the Water District, I asked our Water District representative, Gary Kremen,
whether he was familiar with the issues that apparently have been going
back and forth between our staffs, and he didn't know anything about this
problem. There's, I think, a natural tendency of a staff like the Water
District staff to push back and not be accommodating. Part of their mission
is environmental and recreational. I think some of these things that could
have practical solutions, we could get the Water District to be more
accommodating. There are other aspects that appear more problematic and
couldn't easily be overcome. That's why I'm wanting to understand. Out of
the Staff alternatives, I didn't see any proposal that would look at a hybrid.
Basically, continuing to explore using as much of the creek right-of-way for a

                                                                           Page 29 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
