                          TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager: That's out at Lucie Stern.

Mr. Shikada: Existing signage at Lucie Stern, which would be similar to the
lettering that would be placed at the community room. Also interior once
again. For the life of me, I was shocked to learn that you get to the Police
Department through the Council Chambers. It was not necessarily intuitive,
so the signage here being a little more descriptive. It still might be a little
imposing to walk back here, but nonetheless a little more clear. Additional
interior signs relating to the public art that's coming. Once again, more
interior signs existing which will be replaced by more up-to-date, again
reflecting some of the current layout of the building. We're also working on
some of the wording that would be used to emphasize the Development
Services Center, which is clearly a destination for many visitors to City Hall.
We'd want to be very clear it's across the street. Garage entrance signs.
Also pretty self-explanatory in terms of what would happen here. This
showing the lobby on the A level, both current existing down below and
proposed on the upper slide. I actually had a personal experience yesterday
coming in, not on the A level here but on the B level, with a couple of
families that in the afternoon were trying to get to University Avenue. Since
the elevators are not operating on the weekend, needing to navigate their
way to the stairs in order to get back up to the street and then over to
University. It really pointed out to me the limitations on the existing
signage, especially down on the lower level. Here a little more emphasis in
terms of the type of change that would be used to demonstrate and provide
directional signage both for pedestrians as well as for vehicles. Here's the
display emphasizing the current A, B, C levels of the garage, which are
proposed on the next slide to go to P1, P2, P3 convention to try to minimize
or reduce some of the potential confusion on the parking levels, to be
specifically parking levels. Finally, this providing a little more detail on the
breakdown of the categories of signage.            As I mentioned early on,
recognizing some potential interest in reducing some of the costs of the
contract. What could be involved here would be deletion of some of the
elements of the contract, should that be Council direction. The last two
slides just have point of contact. I'd like to acknowledge the work that
Matt's done, including some feedback that I've given him since looking at
the package, coming new to the City. We could do some tweaking on some
of the messages that are on signs, once again, to reduce some of the text,
simplify, have very consistent messages, in particular visitors first time or
infrequent to the property. The last slide is simply the title. With that, City
Manager, any comments or turn it back to the Council?

Mr. Keene: We'll be available to make comments or answer questions as
Council discussion unfolds. I want to also acknowledge and thank the work
of Brad and the team in Public Works.
                                                                         Page 18 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
