                         TRANSCRIPT
recently the Library Advisory Commission when we went through the
[Library Service Model Analysis and Recommendations Report] (LSMAR)
process and the funding process. I tried to strip adjectives to stay in my 30
seconds. I hope that you'll ask questions, and I'll answer appropriately to
your needs.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thanks for applying. The Human Relations Commission
is an important one. They deal with a wide range of issues. What priorities
would you have going in there to be our key issues?

Ms. Stinger: I don't have an agenda, but my priority is diversity in our
community. That would be age, gender, and particularly economic diversity.
I've always felt that that's really important in a community. I think that was
reinforced today in The New York Times by a study, it was probably on
National Public Radio (NPR) also, about how much a child is advantaged by
having exposure to a better school system and a better community. I think
the part that that article omitted—I don't want to say that, because maybe it
wasn't part of the study. I think the other part of that is how much
advantaged children benefit from exposure to disadvantaged children or how
much a community thrives by diversity. I'd like to be part of ensuring that
we remain a diverse, heterogeneous community.

Council Member Kniss: That's intriguing. I'm thinking how to word this.
Maybe in the second part of your life you decided to go into the Peace Corps.
Tell us what motivated that and where did you end up and was it something
you really enjoyed.

Ms. Stinger: It was life changing. I enjoyed it tremendously. I guess one
day I was driving up Highway 101 to Genentech, caught in traffic which I
thought was terrible. I had no idea what traffic would be like today, but at
the time it seemed horrendous. I said, "You're either doing this because you
need to," at that point we had an education fund, a pension fund and a
house to manage. I thought, "Either you're doing this because you need to
or you want to or you can do something you've always wanted to do." I
wanted to explore lifelong learning and wanted to give something back. I
wanted to see if I could learn a modern language. I had the experience of
living in another country. I had the experience of giving something back,
but older years just aren't good for learning Arabic. I wasn't so successful in
that regard. I had a fascinating experience. It changed what I was able to
do in the next decade. It opened up doors to me; it gave me new exposure,
new appreciation for different lifestyles.

Council Member Burt: Hi, Valerie.

Ms. Stinger: Hi, good to see you.
                                                                         Page 5 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
