                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you all very much for coming. I believe you sent
your comments to all of the Council Members, I do believe.

Mr. Man: Yes, I did.

Mayor Holman: If you come to the rail and see the City Clerk, he has
something for each of you.

Mr. Man: Thank you.

Bob Wenzlau: My name's Bob Wenzlau. Perhaps I was a tiny instigator in
what we enjoyed tonight. The high school students are showing what it's
like to be civically engaged and equally applying science. I'm the Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) of Terradex. What we've been working on for about
ten years is to improve the mapping of these groundwater plumes. I wanted
to make a couple of comments. Number one, the students in their research
were right on that we actually can look to what the City of Mountain View's
been doing and study their Ordinances. Another thing that the City of
Mountain View does that I think is worthwhile is that they've worked to have
their planning department be more informed of the occurrence and having
accurate maps of where the groundwater plumes are. This is something that
I've been working with Staff. Better planning decisions can be made if we
have better mapping. One of the challenges we have in this space is that
the responsible parties are not obligated to turn in maps that local
government can use. I've been working a little at the State level to ask that
there be uniform mapping obligated on RPs when they turn in maps, so that
the local government can have a unified map so that they can make
informed discretionary decisions. Finally, another initiative that we've been
working on is more collaboration between local government, our different
cities, Palo Alto, Mountain View, Santa Clara County Environmental Health.
Environmental Health can provide a resource to the discretionary planners
so that they can make informed decisions about land use. Not every
discretionary planner can be informed and smart as to these environmental
hazards. Equally we've watched Santa Clara Valley Water District come into
this, because they've been starting to recognize that the northern part of the
county, even though we view the shallow groundwater as not being a
resource, is going to need to be looked at this way. Again, I wanted to
reinforce what the students brought forward today. I wanted to elaborate
on it for a moment, because they've hit upon a vital and important topic in
our City. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for being a mentor to these young people.




04/20/2015                                                             117- 322
