                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: To get that broad outreach, are you comfortable,
Council Member Burt, with the "a" through "f?"

Council Member Burt:    Yeah.   I have some other stuff, but I went out of
order there.

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to ask a question of Staff. What was the
resolution of the committee and the Brown Act? Is it covered or not?

Female: We decided it was.

Council Member Filseth: It is Brown Acted.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm in favor of the Motion, but Number 3 we should
look at carefully. Earlier this evening, we spent three hours discussing a
Motion about California Avenue retail protection. The City Manager at the
end said, "If you could give some general guidance, we could have done this
much more efficiently and effectively and come back with the kind of details
that you would need." We have an opportunity now in our Comp Plan to
follow the advice of the City Manager. You articulated it very well. On
Number 3, rather than state that the vision statements and goals set by City
Council, we haven't done the vision statements and goals yet. What comes
before that is what are the critical issues. There are 20 issues out here that
we need to resolve and deal with to get to the vision statement. If we
substituted in Number 3 "the CAC will work on policies and programs. The
Council will work on defining issues, choices, options, measurements." Are
those the type of words that you're looking at? Then we could set up a thing
like ID Number 5669. We could have a monthly program where the Council
could set an agenda beforehand that each month we would meet around an
issue or a set of those issues. The CAC could then have that material
available when they sat down with the wording.           The CAC would be
responsible for working on the wording with Staff, but the Council at the
same time in this dialog would be meeting on issues and discussing those
top ten or twenty issues that need to be addressed, give direction on. Let
me propose that as Amendment to the maker of the Motion.

Council Member DuBois: I would change a different part of this sentence.
You're talking about the interaction between the committee and the Council.
It's appropriate that we own the vision statement and the goals. The second
part of this statement about Staff bringing topics to the CAC and then to
Council. Could you change where it's about the interaction between the CAC
and the Council? Leave the first sentence the same, and say that ...



                                                                       Page 112 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
