                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I brought some notes. Council Member Scharff
already said most of them, so that's good. His comments are spot on. The
grid security issue, we're talking about 0.5 percent of Palo Alto electricity in
the early 2000s. You're not talking very much security there. A couple of
things. On page 9 of the Staff Report, it says that one of the main reasons
for the low participation rates in this program is "attributed to the
comparatively high rates that property owners in Palo Alto charge for
releasing their rooftop space," which I would read as a City subsidy is going
to go to property owners. I'm not sure that's the right thing to do. The
point was made, and it's a good one, that the City last year decided that to
the extent we buy local clean energy from other kinds of sources than solar.
The dialog revolved around the anaerobic digester, which we're going to pay
market rate for those, the avoidance cost. I don't understand why we would
single out solar for a subsidy versus other kinds of local green energy.
Here's the arithmetic. $310,000 a year over 20 years, discounted at 5
percent, the total over 20 years is $6 million. The net present value of the
whole program is about $4 million. This program is going to cost the City $4
million, and I'll get to the lease rate, the other point in a second. It's going
to cost $4 million, and it doesn't reduce carbon emissions. It doesn't do
anything about global warming. It doesn't accelerate the transition to
renewable energy. As Council Member Burt correctly pointed out, we've
been subsidizing renewable energy for many years now, but those subsidies
cut emissions. This program doesn't cut emissions. It seems to me if we're
going to spend $4 million on renewable energy, we should actually reduce
emissions. There are a number of good ideas floating around out there that
would do that, switching away from natural gas for example. It seems to
me if we're going to invest $4 million in emissions reduction, we ought to
focus there instead of one kind of solar for a different kind of solar. I've
asked that of a number of people, and some people have talked about that.
How would you prioritize this against some of those programs? The answer
is we've got a lot of money, so let's do that too. Here I get to indulge in
some histrionics, but I've been sitting in Finance Committee meetings for
three weeks now. This is the capital budget for this year and the next five
years. We're going to burn down the Capital Infrastructure Reserve by
about $20 million between now and 2020, which means we're spending
more money than we're bringing in. We need to be careful here. The point
is a number of things that we would like to do are not even budgeted yet,
rebuilding the Baylands boardwalk, the Animal Shelter, provision for
subsidies for heat pump water heaters and other kinds of fuel switching
stuff. That's not even in here yet. My point is it's not that it's not a good
thing to have renewable solar or local solar, it's that we're going to run out
of money before we run out of good things to spend it on. We've got to
prioritize. Council Member Scharff is exactly right on the 1.5 million with the
parking garages. To the extent it's revenue neutral, great. To the extent
                                                                          Page 38 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
