                            MINUTES
Council Member Kniss inquired whether the loss of retail shown in the CMP
Report applied to the City as a whole.

Ms. Gitelman responded yes. The net loss for the longer period was less
than the net loss since the recession.

Council Member Kniss asked if the loss likely occurred in Downtown or
elsewhere.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff could analyze the CMP data to determine in
general in which areas the losses and gains occurred. Staff did not have
sufficient time to perform that analysis prior to the meeting.

Council Member Kniss requested a rough estimate of whether losses
occurred mostly in Downtown or mostly along California Avenue.

Ms. Gitelman would need to analyze the data prior to responding. Ground-
floor retail protections applied to most of the City. The area of Downtown
outside the Ground-Floor (GF) Combining District was not subject to ground-
floor protections.

Council Member Kniss questioned the loss of retail space while sales tax
revenue increased.

Ms. Gitelman could only speculate that the strength of retail districts were
responsible for increased sales tax revenue.

Council Member Kniss asked if formula retail would be determined by a
certain number within a certain area or the usual formula retail.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the Council would need to consider that when
discussing a permanent ordinance.

Council Member Kniss felt restaurants had a limited cycle for success. Few
restaurants remained successful for a long period of time.

Council Member Burt noted Mr. Moss' data indicated retail decreased by 6
percent. Retail appeared to have decreased by 40-plus percent. Without
the increase in hotel/motel, the reduction in overall retail would have been
more than 6 percent. He inquired about potential retail loss in pipeline
projects.

Ms. Gitelman had identified three projects in the pipeline.       The 429
University Avenue project represented a retail loss of approximately 1,300
square feet. The net change at the Compadre site would be a loss of 2,500


04/06/2015                                                           117- 176
