                         TRANSCRIPT
we're showing a very significant decline in number of tree-related services
completed. I don't know if we know what that means. It raised a little
alarm for me. Are we investing less in our tree maintenance? Is there some
explanation for that?

Ms. Richardson: On page 45, where the data table is that corresponds with
this, footnote number 2 said in 2011 it was the first year since 1989 that
trees were officially counted. Prior to that, the numbers were estimated.
What you're probably seeing is the difference between actual and estimated
amounts showing up there.

Council Member Burt: That's an interesting comparison in itself. The
estimates were apparently higher than the reality, not surprising if they were
unchecked estimates. Good explanation. On page 13, the percentage who
visited a neighborhood park or City park had a statistically very significant
jump from 2013 to 2014, from 46 percent to 62 percent who did it once a
month, more than once a month. That's a good number, but I don't know
what to make of it and what caused it. I don't know whether Rob or
anybody has any idea. It's not when the Mitchell Park Community Center
reopened and drew people to Mitchell Park perhaps, or any other major
investments. If you don't have an explanation, I will leave that as an open
question and look for what it does next year. There are a couple of things.
We had swings that were beyond what is the margin of error, but don't quite
make sense. I've got a lookout on whether that margin of error has
something wrong with it in some circumstances. On page 14, in the lower
left there's a green building with mandatory regulations. The valuation of
new green buildings dropped significantly. I saw that also was on a different
graph, maybe it's the new permits dropped drastically, so maybe that's what
tracked there. If that's the explanation, then I'm okay with that. Although,
I was surprised by the dollar value of permits dropping significantly from
2013 to 2014. I don't know if that's Stanford Hospital or Lucile Packard
Hospital related. Peter has some insights.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director: Peter Pirnejad, Development
Services Director. In short, we had some very large projects in the last few
years that completed. VMWare was one. Stanford Hospital was another.
We had some other large projects that came to a close. With that, the total
square footage of value of projects went down. That's what you're seeing
here. You do see a similar trend in the valuation of projects. The total
number of permits is pretty stable. It's just some permits are valued much
higher than others.

Council Member Burt: That would explain the green permit numbers.


                                                                       Page 15 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
