                         TRANSCRIPT
funding and the transportation, but they actually do the—they regulate and
quite extensively. I think that would prevent the other two. I think what we
need in the RHNA numbers, and we've all been on the same page, is the
issue of reality checks. That's not what we've seen, is the reality of what's
expected and what's real. We need more of that. Now, we have to look at
whether whatever arrangement comes together at the end, if that will get us
to something that's a little more reasonable and real. I don't know if we'll
see that from them. That's the challenge.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks for that answer. I think it's all pretty
complicated, though. I think putting everyone in the same building is going
to be a real challenge.     There are already a number of interesting
conversations that have gone on. The chance that ABAG may be in with
MTC makes me somewhat uneasy.

Senator Hill. Yeah. It may be. I just think it's depending on what they
develop in the next few months, depending on how they plan to implement it
and what their end goals are in terms of the plans, I think that's really what
we have to look at and carefully and to see what the make-up will be.
That's where I will count on your help to advise me, because I think
legislatively something will have to be done. That will be very helpful.
Thank you, Liz.

Council Member Kniss: Good. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for those responses and upload of information.
The technology question and then housing supply as well. Small topics.

Senator Hill: Why don't we skip that one. Thank you, Cory, for the question
on privacy and technology. I had legislation this past year that somebody's
really raised for me a concern and that's how we balance our civil liberties
with the need to know, especially in light of what occurred over the
weekend, or Friday, in Paris. How do you balance that need? One of the
issues that has been troubling for me is the use of license plate readers by
private entities as well as law enforcement and public safety. Then as we
saw the use of cellular intercept technology and how that has kind of
mushroomed in California with very little or any public discussion and the
implementation of it with no policies or privacy policies in place for any of
them. The legislation I had and the Governor signed in both accounts,
whether it's cellular intercept technology, which as you know is a little
suitcase device that you can put in this room and all of our cells will go to
that, cell signals will go there rather than to the tower or someplace else.
That could intercept and take whatever information off of that as necessary.
It bothered me. The license plate readers, how is the information used?

                                                                            Page 9 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
