                         TRANSCRIPT
look at the 35,000, let's call it 35,000 square feet—I know that. I can't read
that. This is very hard to read. I apologize. Let's call it 35,000 square feet
off the 120, that's still a major hit to the California Avenue area. I don't
know what the answer to that is, if we have complete applications there.

Council Member Scharff:       I would move that if they submitted the
application in 2013 or 2014, that's fine. We took this up on February 9th,
the first time. That's when people had notice of it. We probably had notice
11 days before that. I don't think anyone would be affected by that, who
didn't have notice. If you've been working on this for two years, you should
be grandfathered in.

Mayor Holman: Did you mean to include if their applications are complete?

Council Member Scharff: No. If I get a second, I'll speak to why. Tons of
people have gone to the ARB. That's not submitting an application. These
are the people that have submitted an application, worked on this and spent
substantial amounts of money on this.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to exempt projects in the pipeline since 2013 or 2014 from the
Development Cap.

Council Member Scharff: What Director Gitelman said earlier struck me.
There are a number of applications like the one on Cambridge, for instance,
where Mr. Pearce spoke to us tonight. People have gone to the ARB; they've
spent a bunch of money as well. I assume they've drawn up plans, that kind
of stuff. They're not included in this. The people that have submitted these
applications have gone through this and spent substantial amounts of time
and substantial amounts of money over the last, if it's '13, over the last two
years. If it's '14, over the last year. To now say that we're going to hold
their approvals for what could very well be—under our thing we're now going
to wait until March for them to know whether or not they're in the queue.
That's blatantly unfair to them. I can't support that.

Council Member Berman: I completely agree with Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Burt: That's an important consideration, but I don't think
the initial year of submittal should be the sole basis that we determine that.
I'm looking at the list. There are some that were submitted in '14 that were
not complete, and they're still not complete. I don't think that those should
be necessarily approved in the pipeline. I'm not going to be able to support

                                                                       Page 88 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
