                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Because there has been a fair amount of reference to
Kipling Street, Staff prepared a slide that showed the historic resources that
are on Kipling Street. It might be informative to put that up.

Ms. Gitelman: We do have a slide that shows the context down Kipling
Street. We'll try and get that on the screen.

Mayor Holman: The other questions, let me do a quick search here. I think
my other questions have been asked already. If Staff can put that slide up,
that would be helpful. I guess it does beg the question that in the,
Preservation Architecture I think was the firm. I don't think Staff answered
the question who selected the firm. The Applicant did the analysis and paid
for it. Who selected the firm?

Mr. Lait: That was the Applicant's consultant.

Mayor Holman: The report that was done looked to me to focus on, it says,
"Additionally, the property and the structure are not located in or near an
identified historic district, and the making of any such district does not
appear to have even distant potential." Was there analysis of these historic
structures that are prolific on Kipling? Was there analysis of that actually
being a district? I couldn't tell that there was.

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Mayor. I'm going to ask the City's environmental
consultant to respond to that question.

Katherine Waugh, Dudek: Hi, I'm Katherine Waugh, Senior Project Manager
with Dudek. As you said the historic architectural report was prepared by
another consultant, but peer reviewed by Dudek's architectural historian as
well. In terms of evaluating those specific homes or buildings on Kipling
Street, that was not specifically done as part of this study, and it's also not
required. What was evaluated was the general characteristics of the area,
particularly focusing on the subject buildings. There was a general finding
that there was a lack of integrity to comprise a historic district.

Mayor Holman: By the subject properties, not the adjacent property. What
I'm getting at, does this project have potentially an impact on the historic
properties that are near adjacent? Is that a district that also this project
could have an impact on? That was my question. Some of my wonderings
were about the analysis.

Council Member Wolbach: I apologize if it's been discussed and I wasn't
aware of it. This is a question both for Staff and also for colleagues. Has
there been in the past a discussion about changing Kipling to be a one-way
street? I ask this because of the context of the question about traffic and
                                                                       Page 68 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
