                          TRANSCRIPT
court has indicated that the fact that there are expenses that make water
available if necessary to the city, that it's not paying now for irrigating the
golf course and Greer Park, means that the City should be paying for those
expenses as well. It's water availability. Whether the water is recycled
water or whether it's water that other customers are using, all ratepayers
including the City that happens to be using recycled water right now should
be paying for those water capital improvement expenses. For example, if
for some reason it's not possible, such as a break in a pipe, to use the
recycled water for City irrigation, then the City has water available to it that
everybody else is paying for but the City isn't. That's wrong and it results in
the wrong rates. Finally, not tonight but in the future, if you agree that
there's one 12 percent increase or if you do a second 4 percent increase, the
drought rates that would be proposed need to correlate with the cost of
service. Thank you.

William Ross: I'm commenting on Agenda Item Number 6 as a residential
ratepayer and as a business ratepayer. Regardless of what happens to the
Capistrano case, and I don't know if the recent request for depublication was
mentioned in the previous Staff hearing, there's evidence before you tonight
that suggests that the rate study does not follow a method that would
comply with Proposition 218. Specifically, this is a reasonable basis that was
adopted by Capistrano but it's applicable here. Water is an inclusive term
including both potable and non-potable water. Government Code Section
53750(m). In the third week of April, you started your much-delayed
Environmental Impact Report on the recycled water system. There's an
interrelationship between potable water and non-potable water. To the
extent that non-potable water is available, it reduces potable water
consumption. Nothing in this rate study acknowledges that. These are
standalone computations.       That's not allowed.      There should be an
integrated basis between those two sources. Otherwise, you can't come up
with what the actual rate is that's based on the various categories
presented. I could say it this way. It could be reasonably argued based on
your own DEIR that because of the lack of recycled water, development
that's been occurring is being subsidized by the residential users. What you
have in this report is something that's backwards. You're trying to meet
budget projections. You're not basing it on a cost analysis. This would be
true regardless of whether Capistrano ends up being the law or some
regulations formulated by the State Water Control Board. I find it unique
that the rate study, although commenced in 2012, does not mention the
shortage, the regulations implemented by the State Water Resources Control
Board or anything to do with your now five-year out-of-date Urban Water
Management Plan and the projections. It needs to be rethought based on all
those factors. The basis isn't there for you to make the evidentiary finding

                                                                           Page 9 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
