                          TRANSCRIPT
deviate as they see fit. They're going to go together with everyone.
They've been told that they couldn't, but everyone's going to work to try and
get some changes with that so that it could improve that as well some other
issues. I will work whatever I can. I kind of understand the system a little
bit, how to see if I could help in some way. Thank you. Tom.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, maybe you want to clarify one
thing. In relation to the sales tax measure, you made mention to the
Senator's support for that. I think you need to clarify maybe what support
you intended by that comment.

Council Member DuBois: He covered like allocating a percentage to grade
separations and not just to BART. That's what I was referring to.

Mayor Holman: Okay, good.

Senator Hill: I certainly support that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Senator Hill, thank you for coming. It's always good
to see you.

Senator Hill: Always great to see you too, Liz.

Council Member Kniss: I thought Greg would bring this up, but I don't think
you really addressed it, Greg, is MTC-ABAG. I'd like to weave the Air Board
in there as well. I don't know if the entire Council is aware, but there is a
plan to move that entire organization into one building, which is on Main
Street and fairly close to the train in fact. I think there's a sense that MTC is
kind of that giant sucking sound, as it pulls ABAG perhaps in. I'm not sure
that Air Board isn't uneasy as well, which seems kind of interesting.
Between the three, the transportation and the RHNA numbers that have
come out of ABAG and what goes with Air Board, I think there's some real
uneasiness. You served on Air Board for a long time; you may have also
been on MTC; I don't recall. Talk a little about that and also about where
that would leave the RHNA number if indeed there is a merger.

Senator Hill: I don't know on the RHNA numbers if there were a merger. I
don't think there would be in a merger with the Air Board with the other two,
but there certainly should be a closer relationship between the three that
could work, especially related to air quality and transportation and housing,
as you know it by your tenure on the Air Board. My reason for saying I don't
think there would be a merger of the three including the Air Board is
because of the unique regulatory authority of the Air Board. They're not the
                                                                               Page 8 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
