                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I just want to be very clear. From Staff, is there
anything that we've not addressed yet tonight that you need to hear from us
this evening about?

Mr. Lait: I mean, we'll get by doing what we're doing. I will tell you the two
items on that list right there are daily challenges for us. The bottom line is
it's not going to be a short conversation. I think it's appropriate for that to
come back when we come back with the ARB findings. I think the basement
discussion is—that one actually may be quick. I mean, you either agree with
us that it's exterior walls or not. If it's not that quick, then we can bring that
one back too.

Mr. Keene: I would add support to that, even though I think we should be
ending up now. If you can really do this in 10 minutes or something and if
you can't, if you start getting into it, then we ...

Council Member Kniss: We can't do it before 11.

Mr. Keene: ... ought to pull the plug on it or something. If you can give a
quick response as Jonathan maybe naively thinks that you can, we could do
that. If not, I just think if we start going down a rabbit hole, then we ought
to (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: I'm willing to take up (crosstalk).

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I still have the floor.

Council Member Scharff: Hmm?

Council Member Wolbach: I think I still have the floor.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid (inaudible) Cory does still have the floor.
That's right.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. I don't think that any of these can be
done in the next half hour, let alone all four of them. I support the Motion to
move forward—to continue everything. I don't think that we were prepared
because of the paragraph at the top of page 19 in the Staff Report that
Council Member Kniss just read. I don't think that Council nor the public
was fully prepared for engaging in these items this evening, and we should
defer it to a later date.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The first item here has gone through the Policy and
Services Committee with a recommendation. The height exceptions we
                                                                         Page 108 of 110
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 12/7/15
