                              MINUTES
If the Council was interested, then Staff could pursue it further. A nexus
study for housing impact fees was underway, and Staff could present that in
the next few months.

Council Member Burt inquired about other community problems resulting
from development and whether those problems could be addressed through
a cap or other means. Presumably a cap would result in some sort of a
competition among projects. The community expressed concerns about
architectural quality and public benefits. He assumed those would be
included in selection criteria for cap projects.

Ms. Gitelman had not jumped to the conclusion of a competitive process. If
it was a competitive process, then Staff would have the opportunity to
ensure selected projects were of the highest quality. Those could go on the
list of community concerns to be addressed.

Council Member Burt referenced the December 8, 2014 Staff Report
addressing the issue of whether an EIR would have to accompany an Interim
Ordinance. He asked if Interim Ordinances had a good chance of not
requiring environmental review.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, explained that in general an
Interim Ordinance of 12-18 months was more likely to be adopted without
performing environmental review based on the premise that it would not
actually change the physical environment. That was the basis for Staff's
analysis that Interim Ordinances of short duration generally did not require a
full EIR.

Council Member Burt noted the Staff Report referred to a period of up to two
years. If the Comprehensive Plan process required approximately two years
for completion, then an Interim Ordinance could align with a permit
measure. He asked if up to two years was the correct timeframe.

Ms. Silver indicated no specific time period was stated in the statute.

Council Member Berman noticed that an Interim Ordinance for a hard cap
was one of multiple interim measures the Council could choose. The Staff
Report referred to a current and immediate threat to the public health,
safety, or welfare. He inquired about the level of additional traffic or parking
impact that could be considered a threat to public health, safety or welfare.

Ms. Silver reported that in terms of the Interim Ordinance definition of
health and safety threat, the bar was fairly deferential to legislators. Courts
had found severe parking and traffic impacts to be a sufficient finding.


02/09/2015                                                                116- 467
