                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I actually neglected to point something out that I
think is quite important. Under existing rules where neighborhoods have
deed restrictions, CC&Rs, as Amy French pointed out, without a single-story
overlay owners of those properties are by the CC&R restricted to being one
story and by our City Code restricted on the amount of lot coverage that
they can have. With the single-story overlay, if you assume that CC&Rs are
legally binding, you actually become allowed to build a bigger house than
you would be able to do under the CC&Rs. Is that correct?

Ms. French: Greater lot coverage, not a bigger house. Bigger house is floor
area. We're not saying bigger house.

Council Member Burt: Yes, but if currently the floor area is limited by lot
coverage and not by FAR, which is the way it is right now, if they're only
allowed to go one story under their CC&Rs, then it's lot coverage that limits
the amount of floor area they can build. Once we have the single-story
overlay, lot coverage no longer limits it. They're allowed to build as big of a
house as we would allow under our floor area ratio limits, but they can do it
all on a single story. Do you understand?

Ms. Gitelman: Amy can correct me if I'm wrong with this. I believe that you
can have the greater lot coverage for a single-story home even if there's no
SSO. With the CC&Rs ...

Council Member Burt:      Is that correct?    I thought you said otherwise
(crosstalk), Amy.

Ms. Gitelman: Amy, can you handle that?

Mayor Holman: I believe it is correct. Individual review encourages people
to build single-story homes. I can't say that it guarantees you the full FAR
though.

Council Member Burt: I thought earlier Amy had said that only with the
single-story overlay it allowed the larger lot coverage.

Ms. Gitelman: We'll confirm that and let the Council know subsequently.

Council Member Burt: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I'll be supporting the motion. Just to be clear, though, the
lot coverage and the house size, it is limited though by setbacks. You have
to satisfy setbacks obviously. Just to be clear on that, you can't just totally
build here, there and everywhere. It makes absolute sense to do the Greer
                                                                          Page 130 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
