                          TRANSCRIPT
Member Burt and I have commented how there needed to be zoning
changes to the California Avenue area anyway. That is granular already.

Ms. Gitelman: The California Avenue area as defined in the concept plan is
quite a bit larger than the Fry's site. It's not just incrementally larger. It's
ten times the size; I'm looking for the exact size. A 115-acre California
Avenue plan area. It would be a significant challenge and planning effort to
do a coordinated area plan with that level of specificity for the entire area.
I'm not saying we couldn't do it, but that's envisioning a much larger
planning effort than we've laid out here, the 18 months and the $300,000.
That would be more than a notion, to get down to the level of specificity,
development standards, design guidelines for 115 acres instead of 15.

Mayor Holman: How does Staff envision the coordinated area plan, let's say,
for the Fry's site in the context of the California Avenue area and the
Comprehensive Plan Update?

Ms. Gitelman: The coordinated area plan tries to take a broad policy
framework that would be articulated in the Comprehensive Plan and the
concept plan, and build upon that to create more specific development
standards and design guidelines, a fiscal analysis, a whole lot more site-
specific work than can be done at a policy level.             The two are
complementary. The question we have for the Council this evening is about
the timing or sequencing of this. Jim asked me, "What do you feel about
doing it now versus doing it later?" I had to confess I'm agnostic. This is
the classic policy choice. Do we do it now? Then we're trying to do a bunch
of things at one time. In one sense, that stretches our resources. In
another sense, that means we're very well coordinated. Do we defer it to
later and say goodbye to the transportation funding? That's our question for
you this evening.

Mayor Holman: The Fry's site is 15 acres. For the time being, let's set aside
the context and the California Avenue area and the development that we've
seen coming down the pike. On that 15 acres, Fry's has an extended lease
at this point in time. That doesn't occupy 15 acres. Is there any assurance
or any communication with the property owner that they don't plan to do
anything with the rest of the site until Fry's is no longer present? Are we
foreclosing opportunities if we don't carry forward with a plan for the site?
We're leaving the site vulnerable.

James Keene, City Manager: I don't think either of the alternatives, which
are sounding somewhat nuanced, would say we would end up in a situation
where we would not have a detailed plan applicable to the Fry's site. The
question is when do you want to have that. I had a conversation with the

                                                                          Page 72 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
