                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Of course. Where this comes up, you have the
plan. You don't need to actually go out and measure it or something like
that. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, it appears you've come up with
something else?

Council Member DuBois: I was going to try a Motion if nobody else had any
comments.

Mayor Holman: I hadn't had a chance yet, but I don't think I have anything
that you guys haven't covered. I do have one. If you don't mind, can I ask
a couple of questions first?

Council Member DuBois: Sure.

Mayor Holman: I had asked about—on packet page 21, for instance, under
18.15.100. Fifty-nine years for modern income units and at least 55 years
for low and very low units. Did Staff come up with a response to why the
difference? Is that the maximum we can require by State provision or what
is the ...

Ms. Silver: Yes, it is. I think that deals with the next batch of items. We're
skipping ahead, but yes, that is the restriction that's required by State law.

Mayor Holman: Sorry, I had this as the end of Group 3. Sorry about that.
Let me just see if there was ... Yes, there was another one which was a
question having to do with—on ordinance page 6 under 18.04.030,
definitions, A53, facility. Is facility—I asked this the other day. Does facility
mean a structure, a building or the combination of structures, buildings on a
parcel? How do we define facility when there are multiple structures?

Mr. Lait: Each building is part of the facility. Under definitions, the
definition of facility—again, it's not a definition we're changing—it's just,
one, to provide for context. I mean, this actually is the definition of facility
in our Code, and maybe we need to revisit it. It is a structure, building or
other physical contrivance or object. It's that which is on the parcel.

Mayor Holman: Just looking to see if that was something we wanted to put
in the parking lot or not. I think my other questions have been added.
Council Member DuBois, back to you if you have a Motion.

Council Member DuBois: The Motion would be to approve the changes in
Group 2 with Staff's suggested changes to the ADA language and with
changes to the Zoning Code interpretation and the interpretation on land

                                                                         Page 60 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
