                         TRANSCRIPT
two neighborhoods or ultimately when you reduce the thing, suddenly
there's ten neighborhoods. If we can't identify our ability to respond and
how timely we can be, that generates another problem. I feel like we want
to be able to report as we usually do on both speed and the effective
engagement and process and at least having some discussion and a
thorough Staff Report prior to you adopting it. That's more in keeping with
the way we typically do business, make decisions.

Council Member Kniss: My request on this would be that you get us as
much information as you can. I understand that the community is certainly
feeling a sense of urgency around this. I don't disagree with that. I have no
issue with the overlay per se. What has come to us is the waiver. Could I
ask Hillary if she would come up? Our Planning Director. We had a brief
discussion about this today. One of the things we discussed, perhaps she
would be willing to talk about the fact that a waiver was given before and
how that was given.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Council Member Kniss. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. First,
let me say that the Finance Committee did ask for quite a bit of additional
research, all of which we have not been able to do to date including how
many neighborhoods might take advantage of this kind of program, what
past examples or instances have been. I do know that there has been one
recent instance in which we did not charge a fee. I haven't been able to
research past single-story overlays. I believe there are nine currently in the
City. I think the reason there was no fee charged previously is we treated
the proposal as a City-initiated proposal rather than as one where the
application had come in from the neighborhoods. Even that, I'm not entirely
sure. It predates my time with the City. Also as we discussed at the
Finance Committee, it's clearly a policy decision. This is a fee that has been
created for cost recovery, to help offset if not totally cover the cost of
processing these applications. The Council could decide that they wanted to
lower or waive that fee on an ongoing basis. I was talking to the City
Manager about the fact that there is a little bit of a difference between this
and the typical rezoning application that we get, because there are
provisions in the Municipal Code, 18.12.100, that specify exactly the
development standards that would apply. The type of standards and the
language that would apply to a district that's designated with a single-story
overlay has already been resolved. If the Council were to reduce or waive
the fee, we would appreciate your explanation and understanding that it's in
the intention that the existing Code provisions apply. If anyone were to
pursue a district that wanted to modify those, that would be more akin to
your typical rezoning and take the level of effort and the fee associated with
a more typical rezoning.
                                                                        Page 48 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
