                          TRANSCRIPT
Even though I agree with the sentiments of Council Member Burt, I just
think they're impractical in terms of getting all this information, going
through it, when I made those points. If we put it off like this and discuss it
after we approve the Comprehensive Plan, I can live with that.

Council Member Burt: First, I don't envision this ad hoc committee as being
principally Staff-driven. I see it as principally a group of policymakers sitting
down, going through the pros and cons with some Staff support on looking
at the list of PCs and breaking that down. The bulk of the discussion would
be having an opportunity for having a thoughtful, deliberative process on
looking at these pros and cons. I'm in no rush to reinitiate the PC, but I
actually think that this process of the ad hoc committee would inform the
Comp Plan process. Right now, what are we doing? Are we saying that the
Comp Plan is going to go through and make this determination? Is this
something that the Council should be giving the guidance on? We were
ready to consider an action that would eliminate it before the Comp Plan.
That's preceding the Comp Plan. Why would we not consider an action that
would give us an informed decision making before the Comp Plan? I don't
quite follow why we'd be willing to take a deliberate action to affirmatively
eliminate PCs, but not be willing to take an action to figure out whether we
should continue them. If we elect not to continue them on the basis of
putting some guidance on determining alternatives that would achieve the
objectives that would be lost if we didn't have PCs, I think that would also be
very useful for the Comp Plan process. If, for instance, we were to say, "We
think that an affordable housing overlay looks promising," let's give that
guidance to the Comp Plan. If we don't go through this process, we're not
going to provide that. That's my reason for not supporting the amendment
to the substitute motion.

Council Member Kniss: I will be supporting the amendment and not go into
great detail at this point.

Council Member DuBois: My motion was not a reaction. I've given this a lot
of thought. I've been tracking PC zoning for several years before I joined
the Council, and I've seen analysis of the list of PC zones. I would ask Vice
Mayor Schmid to reconsider the original motion. We've tried to reform for a
long time. I think we can lead by ending a bad program that's really
outlived its usefulness. There are examples in the Minutes of other cities
and how they do it.

Mayor Holman: I just want to speak very briefly to this. I'm finding myself
aligned once again with Council Member Burt. I think that going through the
process that is the substitute motion will help inform us on a lot of different
levels. The things that need to happen as a community, as a Staff, as a

                                                                           Page 75 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/24/15
