                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. Helming: No. We ran those numbers. It helps, but I think it was about
180 basis points below our minimum IRR threshold.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. The question's for Utilities. My
understanding is if we did this, it would result in a rate increase. Are there
any Enterprise Funds that would pay the net loss of 150,000 a year,
assuming we did the lease for the garages? Does it actually have to go to
the ratepayers?

Ms. Ratchye: I guess it would be a choice. I guess the General Fund could
contribute that. That would be, I guess, a Council decision.

Council Member DuBois: Is there any other way to finance it or does it have
to go to the ratepayers is my question.

Ms. Ratchye: Reserves are ratepayer funds too. The 16.5 cents and the
extra cost would be part of the Electric Fund expense and would be
recovered from electric ratepayers one way or another, either from Reserves
or from raising rates.

Council Member DuBois: I have a question for the Members of the Finance
Committee. Was the intention to kill the program and not get to 4 percent?

Council Member Scharff: I'll take that question if you want. I'm happy to
(crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Why don't I first have the Chair of Finance respond to that
please and make any other comments while you're at it regarding the
Finance Commission resolution.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The Finance Committee met in March and discussed
this. The issues that seemed important in the Finance Committee, one, that
the subsidy given—that is the difference between the market full cost price
and the rate guaranteed, over the three years of the program—had grown
from about 5 percent to 60 percent. The CLEAN Program was focused
almost exclusively on benefits flowing to businesses. The market rate for
large solar projects, as has been pointed out, has dropped significantly and
is available and filling our RPP requirements. We're facing a year where
utility rates on the water side this year and gas and electricity in coming
years are going to be escalating, so a sensitivity to the ratepayers. Those
were the critical issues that were discussed at the Finance Committee.



                                                                         Page 29 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
