                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: On the single-story overlay, we've been getting
emails. We've had speakers at Finance Committee and all of that. The
question we were thinking about is what is the best way to take this up.
Should we put money in the budget and say, "Go ahead. We're going to
waive it on a one-time basis"? Council Member Schmid recused himself.
The three of us were fairly firm in that I didn't hear any dissent on it. What
we wanted to do was take a thoughtful look at this and say to ourselves,
"Maybe we should do away with the fee. Maybe it should be a fixed fee.
Maybe we should do nothing. Maybe we should waive the fee once." What
we needed was to understand what we should do, have a Staff Report,
understand the history. There's been a lot of people that have made claims
that no one's paid this fee. If so, why do we have this fee? Why should we
waive it on periodic times? Maybe what we should do is get rid of the fee
and have a policy on that. What does that look like in terms of our other
policies? The concept here was that this would come to Finance in short
order, so that it wouldn't be a delayed process. We'd have a Staff Report.
We'd understand what's going on. We'd understand what's happened in the
past. We'd say to ourselves, "Here are the different options." Members of
the community could come and talk about it. They could read the Staff
Report. We could vet this and come up with a sound approach and then
recommend that to the full Council. That was the recommendation of
Finance, that we do that in a deliberate and thoughtful manner, as opposed
to saying "Let's put money in the budget to waive it this one time." Why not
take a deliberate and thoughtful approach as long as it's in a timely manner?
That seemed the best approach. That was Finance's thought on that. We're
open to hearing what the rest of the Council thought.

Council Member DuBois: Back in March, I made a Motion to agendize this at
a future meeting. Staff came back and said it would probably be most
expedient to do it as part of the budget process. I appreciate what you're
saying, that you guys took it seriously and you were going to have it come
back to Finance. There are a couple of issues we need to talk about. Our
Individual Review process isn't working. We're hearing that. It is costly to
have all these appeals come to Council, to have Staff time to deal with them.
We already have the Ordinance on the books, and it has a very high
threshold. I think it's 70 percent and goes down to 60 percent if there are
CCRs in place that already had a single story. There are plenty of details in
that Ordinance. To me, when you look at it, we're asking our citizens to
jump through a bunch of hoops. Because of this idea of cost recovery, the
fee has gone up significantly. There are policy issues that we should think
about, and that's fair. We're also in a heated real estate market. We can't
afford to take a year. People are asking for help now. We've heard that
there are groups that are going through all the steps and they're ready to
apply. They're asking for help with this barrier of the fee. We need to find a
                                                                        Page 46 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
