                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, I don't (inaudible). Excuse me.
Council Member Scharff, I don't see you looking to respond to this. Are you
just waiting to see what other people have to say?

Council Member Scharff: I was going to wait to see what you had to say.
I'm happy to respond to it. I actually think if we can make the retail
decision tonight, I think that helps Staff. If there's a lot of concerns about it,
we can split it and have a vote on that separate from the rest of it or we
cannot make the decision tonight if Council Members want to think about it
some more.

Mayor Holman: Let's see where other Council Members are then. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:   A quick question.       You eliminated Staff's
Recommendation Number 1. I just wondered if there was a reason for that.

Council Member Scharff: I eliminated Staff's recommendation for what?

Council Member DuBois: Point 1.

Council Member Scharff: I thought it was just gratuitous frankly, didn't
mean anything. I didn't include it.

Council Member DuBois: I think there's a lot of interest from the merchants
to get as much as parking as possible. I think it would be good to
understand—it sounds like it's going to be too expensive looking at three
floors underground versus two floors. Again, you're not asking for us to
specify, but I prefer the retail option. I think you heard that preference from
several people, so hopefully that remains in the mix.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt. Is that your name? Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I'd suggest we just go back to the Staff
recommendation as it appears in the Staff Report. I'd actually be open to
exploring consideration of housing instead of or in addition to the retail. I
don't want to narrow down the choices at this point. I'd offer a friendly
amendment to just stick with the Staff recommendation.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:           Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member XX to:

A.    Review and accept the Public Safety Building Site Evaluation Study of
      California Avenue Parking Lots C-6 and C-7 for construction of a new
      Public Safety Building and public parking structure; and
                                                                         Page 101 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
