                          TRANSCRIPT
feet, we're saying that they have to fully impact the net increase, which I
think is what this says. In that sense, they do have some greater means to
address it, because they can address the entire building, the baseline and
the net. They might have to go further and address neighboring projects. If
I can't address everything onsite, I may have to buy GoPasses for my next
door neighbor and put in bike racks adequate for both mine and theirs, if I
want to do the project. This is the kind of competition that we want to
create on exceptional projects that would be what we need in the future to
have development without exacerbation of our current problems.            As
written, I won't support this because it doesn't go far enough. There are
other impacts on the development when we're having 150,000 square feet
per year that are part of the consideration. There's a temptation if people
say whatever is their greatest concern represents the totality of concerns in
the community. The quality of the projects themselves and their impact on
the street and the neighborhood, those are other concerns as well. We
haven't addressed those. That does go to the issue of what we're going to
look at in aggregate at the end. If we're going to exempt every project that
fully parked but it was an ugly, incompatible building, then I wouldn't
support that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I support the comment of my colleagues, Council
Members Filseth and Burt. This is moving in the right direction. It has some
of the right words in it, but there's a couple of stoppers. Number one, the
use of exempt. We're beginning to talk about what are the criteria and
processes we will use to select projects. Rather than exempt them from the
limit, they should be the ones that are preferred choices. The jobs/housing
imbalance is a critical factor we have to look at. To improve it means that
you could have a jobs/housing imbalance of 2.99:1 and be exempt. What
we're trying to do is get a balance between job growth and residents in
town. This is moving in the right direction, but as stated with exempt and
improve and substantial, it doesn't quite make it.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate the feedback from colleagues. First,
I’m very open to friendly amendments to improve this. I understand where
you're going, why the critique was raised that the jobs/housing imbalance
improvement is not sufficient. My intention here was that a project that in
itself provides full mitigation of its jobs through housing would be exempt, if
it also provided full mitigation for its transportation impact. If there are
better ways we can word that, I'm open to that. As far as other impacts
that are not identified here, I fully recognize that there are many other
impacts of development. These are the two most frequently cited by us and
by the community. That's why I highlight them. We're talking about
essentially a two-year pilot. If there are others now that you'd like to add,
I'd be open to adding them. If there are others we find over the next couple
                                                                        Page 68 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
