                          TRANSCRIPT
That's how the ordinance is drafted. Is your question then why wouldn't we
make it a conforming use?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess I read the paragraph to say that was one of the
things you were considering imposing.

Mr. Lait: If I can further sort of vet this out. The Council had asked us to
explore the possibility of when there is a change of tenancy to require that
tenant space to become a conforming use. What we're asking is—that's not
addressed in the ordinance that's before you. We believe that requires a
little bit more time to compare that to other nonconforming provisions of the
Code. We just also wanted to make sure that we weren't in some way
creating a problem for the property owner from a legal perspective.
Perhaps, Albert or Molly can speak to the legal part of that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Good. I guess the only thing I wanted to add to that is
when the Staff looked at it, they would ask the question, does this create
incentives to maintain tenancy, which would be, economically speaking, that
perverse move.

Mr. Lait: Understood.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The last question I have is just given the fact that there
are a lot of issues up in the air that will be decided almost on a case-by-case
basis of how many franchises there might be there, of what kinds of
businesses might be there, would it call for a review, a periodic review say in
five years, of just sitting down and saying, "Is this working?"

Mr. Lait: I think that's fair. With any ordinance, you want to make sure that
the intent is being achieved. I think that's appropriate.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess, one of the things you note in the retail is
things are changing so quickly. Certainly, in five or ten years you might
have different perceptions. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just curious. I guess, one of the things that
was deferred was opaque windows on the ground floor. Why was that a
difficult one?

Mr. Lait: It was not so much that part, but the second part of the motion
which was to apply that provision to existing businesses. That's the part
that would have required a little more time to explore. How do we get


                                                                        Page 39 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
