                          TRANSCRIPT
than to absolutely reduce the number by fiat. Lastly, for the safety issues
that people have brought up, I suggest utilizing daylighting intersections,
making sure the corners are clear so that if the parking is used, that there's
visibility and addressing the safety problems. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, and our
last speaker is Richard Brand.

Herb Borock: Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Members, a year ago when
you enacted the Resolution for this Program, Norm Beemer pointed out that
when it came time to annex additional areas, there would be areas that
didn't have an employee parking problem before you enacted it in the first
place. I think it's a mistake to extend the employee program further into
those areas. Any annexation should prohibit employee parking. I believe it
had to be done by a Resolution because Staff has developed a paper trail
that says a simple annexation that's not part of a Resolution would allow
employee parking. A new Resolution would be required for those kinds of
annexations that had employee parking in the current boundaries and no
employee parking in the new boundaries. I don't think there should be a
piecemeal annexation. We know from experience that if you extend it to
one block, it'll just push it to another block. Using the boundaries of the full
area would work best. A walking distance of a mile people will do to avoid
paying anything. As explained, people with scooters and skateboards and
bicycles will go further. Item 4 that was removed from the Agenda was for a
200-space parking garage, 214, said two separate things in the Staff Report.
One, it was part of the strategy of excessive spillover parking. The other
was it was part of the strategy for growth. If we're talking about reducing
parking by 200 spaces a year, is it going to be in that 200-space garage?
Then we'll need 10 garages. Another thing is the idea Judy Kleinberg and
Neilson Buchanan talked about of housing Downtown. It seems to me if
people want to live an urban lifestyle where they don't need a car, then
people living in residences in the Downtown Parking Assessment District
should not be able to buy a Residential Parking Permit. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Our last speaker is Richard Brand.

Richard Brand: Richard Brand, Professorville. Good evening again. Isn't it
amazing? Two and a half years ago, RPP was an ugly child that a lot of
people didn't want to touch and many spoke out against it. You know what?
Now it's a beauty child. I applaud you Council Members who held fast and
pushed Staff to instigate this Program. I think we're hearing the results of
that. I also think that contrary to what people are saying, Phase 1 has not
been as successful. It's helped. It's been a lot. In my area, curbs are full
again. Phase 2 is what we have to move forward on. We do have enough

                                                                        Page 45 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
