                         TRANSCRIPT
information and then immediately translate that into an Ordinance that
night, that's a little rough.      We won't have given Staff direction on
incorporating any of these things in an Ordinance. If we could get whatever
portion of this information we have in a January meeting, then we can give
that additional direction for what we'd want to see in the Ordinance.

Council Member Kniss: Why don't you add that in, Pat, that we should have
a Study Session in January (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: Okay, okay. Yeah.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to add to the Motion, “schedule a Study Session in January.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: Hillary, do you have a comment?

Ms. Gitelman: Excuse me, Vice Mayor Schmid. I just wanted to interject
that we actually do have quite a number of items coming to Council in
January including a joint meeting with the Comp Plan CAC that basically is
going to take all our bandwidth for the meeting of January 19th. Then we
have additional items sprinkled throughout the month. We're already quite
engaged, shall we say, as a Staff in preparing for Council. If we're going to
try and get the Resolution and the Ordinance on the Council's Agenda in
early February, that means the Staff Report really has to be written in early
January. There's not a lot of time to sneak another meeting into the
schedule.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Could we put January/February?

Council Member Burt: Sure.

Council Member Kniss: That's fine.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, I'm not going to accept that.          I think
Staff will bring it as soon as it's ready. I have faith in them.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER to replace in the Motion, “January” with “January/February.”

Council Member Burt: I think from a process standpoint, I don't understand
how we can tell Staff what to put in an Ordinance until we've gotten some
feedback on these items.

Council Member Wolbach: I think what Staff was suggesting was that we
can have an Ordinance, and then this further work can be an update to the

                                                                      Page 69 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
