                         TRANSCRIPT
that we'd then approve. That's a recipe for us spending another eight hours
over the next year and a half discussing this project in Council meetings.
There are improvements that can be made. The guidance that's given here
is accurate. For University Avenue in the middle of Downtown, this is a good
mixed-use project.

Council Member DuBois: I agree we need to honor existing rules. For too
long this body has not done that. People keep saying this is following all the
rules, but we have City Code 18.18.110 which is our context space design
criteria. It's time we start to enforce that. One other 50-foot building
doesn't set context. You also have the President Hotel which was pre-50-
foot height limit. I feel that we're ignoring Kipling Street. This project's
going to have a huge impact on that street, and it's completely out of
context. I will not be supporting the Substitute Motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The current Motion on the floor states to go to the
Historical Resources Board. It is hard to think of them being asked to look
at compatibility with Kipling Street without addressing mass in some way. Is
this current Motion dealing with the issue of mass?

Council Member Scharff: It gave the HRB direction to say whatever they
think is necessary. No, it does not specifically deal with mass. If the HRB
said that the mass should be different, but I don't think that's what they do
at HRB. ARB does, but I don't think HRB does that. I think HRB purely
deals with historical context. Maybe someone else can help me out here. I
assume what HRB could say is, "This project denigrates the historical
context of Kipling Street, and therefore, you shouldn't do it because it's too
big." That would give us a report that said that; at which point, we would
look at mass. They would say how it's too big, how big it should be, I
assume, that kind of stuff. That's the only way I see it dealing with mass.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I like the project, because it is mixed-use, one of the
first on University Avenue to deal with mixed-use where you have retail,
office and residential. On the other hand, if you deal with the compatibility
in the Kipling district, the mass issue is a big one. There should be some
recognition of that in the Motion.

Council Member Scharff: What would you suggest?

Vice Mayor Schmid:     I'd include the sentence about readdressing siting,
scale and massing.

Council Member Scharff: At the Historical Resource Board?


                                                                       Page 80 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
