                         TRANSCRIPT
providing additional parking beyond the 460 spaces including a standalone
public parking structure over to—that's redundant. That's redundant; we
don't need the "including that." You're good there? Greg, you understand
why I took that part off?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, fine with me.

Mayor Holman: With that, I see no other lights. We ought to do every item
at 10:30. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: Thank you colleagues. Council ...

Mr. Keene: One hour on target.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, it is a quarter to 12:00. What is your
pleasure about the bridge? It seems to be that we will be taking this up.

26.   Next Steps for the Highway 101 Pedestrian/Bicycle Overpass Project:
      Direct Staff to Cease Negotiations With Moffatt & Nichol, Issue a new
      Request for Proposal (RFP), and Seek Additional Funding.

Mayor Holman: We go now to Item Number 26, next steps for the Highway
101 pedestrian/bicycle overpass project, direct Staff to cease negotiations
with Moffatt & Nichol, issue a new RFP and seek additional funding. That is
what is before us. I'm sorry, Molly. We never got back to the CC(2) zoning.
Does Staff have a presentation please?

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Yes, Mayor Holman, we do have a
presentation. Brad, do you have that up? All right. I'll turn this over to
Brad Eggleston, our Assistant Public Works Director.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Good evening, Mayor
Holman and Council. We'll try to go quickly through this as well. There's
our overview of the presentation. Some brief background. We had the
design competition December of last year.           The guidelines for that
competition specified a construction budget of $8 million. The Moffatt &
Nichol design team submitted information that included a construction cost
of $9-$9.5 million with a $1.9 million fee. At the Council meeting where we
discussed the results of the design competition, Council selected the Moffatt
& Nichol design team and directed us to negotiate a design contract with
them but also to independently verify the constructability and cost of that
design. After receiving that direction in March, we were able to coordinate
with Caltrans and have them do a constructability review. They confirmed

                                                                     Page 103 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
