                         TRANSCRIPT
B.   Delete Municipal Code Section 18.85.207(e) – The monetary and/or
     non-monetary value of public benefits offered; and

C.   Direct Staff to return with administrative scoring procedure to Council
     to be used to rank projects. Give projects in the pipeline after March
     31, 2015 but deemed completed as of June 15, 2015 more weight in
     the process; and

D.   Program to return Council in two years, before it would cease to be in
     effect, to be either affirmatively continued or modified/replaced.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member DuBois, do you care to speak to your
Motion?

Council Member DuBois: I think I explained "A" a couple of times. "B,"
again I think this whole process needs to not look like a mini PC. Again, part
of this was to make it have hopefully more clarity and consistency for
developers. I think trying to get to a more quantitative scoring mechanism
would help. In "C," I guess what I'm expecting is for Staff to come back
with something that says there's so many points per project and this is how
you earn points. Hopefully that's a process that can be applied pretty
efficiently and will be understood by Staff and developers. The last point, it
wasn't clear to me what happened in two years, so I just wanted to have it
come back to Council while it was still in effect so we can decide.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, speak to your second?

Council Member Burt: Yes. I'm going to offer a couple of amendments.
One is under the selection criteria in the Ordinance, we have "A" through "I."
What I see there is actually a series of groupings. I see "A" and "B" as
impacts and "C" as related to design, "D" as environmental quality "E" as
benefits, "F" "G" and "H" as uses, and then "I" as the pipeline. The
pipeline's been dealt with separately. It's become part of the weighting. I
would recommend that we ask Staff to group the weightings in those six
categories.

Council Member DuBois: I deleted one of those categories.

Council Member Burt: Sorry. I wanted to come back to that. Let me speak
to that one, which is "E." I don't like the way "E" was worded, monetary and
nonmonetary. It kind of goes back into what did it cost the developer as
opposed to what benefit did the community receive. I actually do think we
could see creative benefits to the community from projects as one of the
selection criteria. I think it would be different from a PC, because for the
most part the PCs are judged by just those benefits. We have all of these;
                                                                      Page 113 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
