                             MINUTES
vehicles prior to installing improvements and during a six-month trial period
of improvements.

Council Member Berman requested Mr. Rodriguez respond to Ms. Ellson's
comments.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that proposals did not address the multiuse pathway.
He agreed that signage was needed so that bikes and pedestrians were in
the correct location. Sharrows next to that was a good idea, and Staff could
include that in the design.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff had received community feedback
concerning that. The side of the street without sharrows seemed to be
mostly commercial space.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the curb-to-curb width of El Camino Way was 40
feet. The cross section contained 7-foot parking lanes, two 10-foot travel
lanes, and a 6-foot bike lane.

Council Member Berman felt the changes along Churchill Avenue were good,
and asked if the changes would take some of the PAUSD property.

Mr. Rodriguez clarified that the property was owned by Stanford University.
Staff would negotiate with both Stanford University and PAUSD.

Council Member Berman inquired whether Staff had funding for Churchill
Avenue improvements but not for Maybell Avenue improvements.

Mr. Rodriquez replied yes. The Maybell Avenue Project was funded through
the Concept Plan Line stage. Staff could negotiate a contract for full design
and present it to the Council for approval.

Council Member Berman asked if that would occur through the Budget
process or a Budget Amendment Ordinance.

Mr. Rodriguez proposed utilizing funding from the Bicycle Program.       The
Council funded that with $1.2 million per year for five years.

Council Member Berman encouraged Staff to return to the Council quickly for
funding.

Mr. Rodriguez remarked that children on bikes typically remained in a
designated bike lane rather than riding in the roadway or on sidewalks.
Vehicles also respected a bike lane. Hopefully changes would alter students'
behavior.


01/20/2015                                                            216- 348
