                         TRANSCRIPT
197,000 businesses out of town, because now we're down to 3,000. When
we exempt the small businesses and the not-for-profits, do you have any
gut sense do we then—I mean, obviously then we cut that number from the
3,000 number down. We start to get a handle on really which of the larger,
important businesses, are any of them saying they're not going to
participate or they're not—what kind of an enforcement problem do we really
have? I think that would be helpful as well in getting a handle on that.
Clearly I don't want Staff calling every small sole proprietor who doesn't
have—hasn't registered and spending all that kind of time on it. The other
thing, I was totally unclear of why we need an FEIN number from people.
What do we use that for? Why do we need that?

Mr. Fehrenbach: That's a critical identifier for businesses. As we use the
data from the Business Registry, especially as it relates to comparing and
making basically comparisons with other data sets that are available, it's the
critical link that allows us to know ...

Council Member Scharff: You're saying other people do data sets where
they have the FEIN, and they publish it? They publish other people's FEIN,
and you compare companies' FEIN with other FEINs?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Not necessarily published sets, but sets that would be
available to the City in a confidential manner.

Council Member Scharff: We get other confidential information from taxing
authorities is what you're saying?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Certainly.

Council Member Scharff: Got it. I would, therefore, probably support most
of your—in fact, I think I support all of your recommendations. All right,
(inaudible) good. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: A few things. One is kind of at a higher level. I'd say
that these have been a lot of valuable questions and comments. I didn't see
any question about whether we should take these and refer them to Policy
and Services for when you have absorbed some of this and come back with
your draft next set of questions, so that can be fleshed out. I'd be
interested in what colleagues think about that.        I have a number of
questions, comments, and I may need a second cut. Maybe some other
folks will need a second cut at having time to do this. One is I didn't see it
trying to capture essentially average number of employees onsite or full-
time equivalents. If a business has X number of employees, but either from
                                                                       Page 24 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
