             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT

                                                             Special Meeting
                                                            October 26, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:03 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
           Wolbach arrived at 6:08 P.M.

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Study Session on Status of Palo Alto Bicycle and Pedestrian Program.

Mayor Holman: Our first item this evening on the agenda is a Study Session
on the status of the Palo Alto Bicycle and Pedestrian Program.

James Keene, City Manager: Turn it over to Josh Mello and Sara.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official:        Good evening, Mayor,
members of Council. Tonight we'd like to update you on our progress on the
City Bicycle and Pedestrian Program. This evening I'm joined by Sara Syed
who's a Senior Transportation Planner in our division. She started back in
April, and she joined us from the VTA Engineering and Construction Division
where she was a project manager for transit, capital projects. Prior to that
she worked for BART as well as the City of Oakland and was a researcher at
UC Berkeley. We're honored to have Sara here. She's been managing the
bulk of the bicycle and pedestrians projects. She'll be a valuable asset
tonight as we move into the Study Session. As most of you know, back in
2012 the City of Palo Alto adopted the 2012 Bicycle and Pedestrian
Transportation Plan. It was completed by a consultant under contract for
the City. This identified kind of the ultimate build-out of the City's bicycle
and pedestrian network Citywide. It identified different types of bikeway
facilities as well as pedestrian improvements at assorted intersections and
some important gap closures, particularly along the Caltrain/Alma corridor.
There's several gap closure projects identified that are shown in red on

                                                                      Page 1 of 80
