                         TRANSCRIPT

do have a dilemma of having the applicants who represent these different
things. I don't think we had many applicants who were renters or under 35.
Interestingly, we did have 27 applicants, as I count them, from south Palo
Alto and 29 from north Palo Alto. We selected 6 from south Palo Alto and 11
from north Palo Alto. We weren't very successful in that, but we did have
the applicants there. Frankly, I went into it thinking, "Maybe we didn't get
so many applicants from south Palo Alto," but we did. I think it's correctible.
I've heard from members of the community who I think would be very good
additional candidates who are now interested in participating. I think we'll
see other people come forward if we reframe this and say we're going to add
some Committee members. If it is at the selection of the Council, I think
that's fine. The intention will be to give greater diversity to south Palo Alto
neighborhood representation. Great. I do disagree with the characterization
that this is really a political decision predominantly. I'm certainly not doing
it. I'm not running for reelection. My concern is not for political and vote-
seeking or any of that. I simply want to do it to have a good process, to
have it being diverse and representative of the community as a whole and to
get a good Comp Plan. That's my objective, not political ones. I just want
to say I don't buy into that characterization.

Council Member Berman: I agree that I very much like the idea of these
minority opinions. I also like the idea of the subcommittees. We did both of
those on the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission. We actually had two
sets of subcommittees on the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission over a
period of 18 months. Four that initially dealt with four issues. As we dug in
more, we identified other issues that we did a whole other set of
subcommittees. It was a good way to have more robust dialog with a subset
of colleagues on the committee, get a certain level of expertise, and then
come back together and hash those out in the bigger group, that I thought
was really valuable. The first thing I want to say is we're adding more work
onto Staff's plate, I'm sure, with making this process more thorough than
we'd initially promised. I'm cognizant of that and know that Staff will let us
know the repercussions of that which are other things that you guys won't
be able to work on. We do need to make sure, if we've got the Committee
and we've got the process, let's make sure that it's one that is deemed
valuable at the end and that everybody feels good about. I think the
minority opinions are good. I think the subcommittee idea is a good one. I
also think that if we do open this up to a new round of applications, I know
that I will be encouraging younger renters from south Palo Alto to apply. I
think that the lack of age diversity on the CAC for the development of a
document that's meant to be forward looking for 15 years is unfortunate. It
may well be that not enough young people applied the first time. I know
                                                                       Page 119 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
