                         TRANSCRIPT
speakers, if you want to speak to this item, that you do so in the next couple
of minutes. Thank you very much. Welcome David.

Public Hearing opened at 11:13 P.M.

David Hammond, Applicant: Thank you, Mayor and Council. I'd like to get
my—it's coming.

Mayor Holman: If you'd be sure you speak into the microphone, it's a little
low for you. There you go.

Mr. Hammond: Again, good evening, Mayor and Council. I'll be as brief as I
can. Things have changed a little bit. We still have the 72 homes, R-1. We
are in the floodplain, and we do have the CC&R. Someone will tell you a
little bit later in their presentation that has a ten, 25-year limitation. You
have it in your packets from our original application, the actual CC&R. What
it says is 25 years plus ten-year extensions until somebody turns it off,
basically. It is in effect. We have had a couple of defections, and so now we
have 51 yes for a total of 71 percent. The boundary was chosen—originally
we thought about only Metro Circle or only Moffett Circle, but the boundary
was chosen because it was indicated in the ordinance that it should be
logical and it should be ... We saw it as filling out what had already been
approved for the rest of the tract. Van Auken Circle was approved with 61
percent. What we've done. We did the letter of information. We got the
petition which, as I understand it, is a contract. The people that signed that
contract, signed a petition saying that all 72 homes would be in what they
signed. I don't know if someone takes part of that out, whether that petition
is still valid. I just don't know. That's something that someone else would
have to comment on. Hopefully you will reinstate the thing. Sixteen of the
owners are nonresidents, so if we want to look at the percentage of
approval, it is over 80 percent of those who are resident. This sort of
describes this. You'll see from the presentations that we're—first of all, most
of our homes have been remodeled one way or the other. You start with a
three-and-one, and you have kids, and the three-and-one doesn't work
anymore. Most people have added bedrooms and bathrooms. We are
multigenerational, multiethnic. We have young families with newborn, one
this year. We have some of us that are like me, that are seniors. I'm
probably the oldest. We have ownership longevity anywhere from one year
to 50 years. That's what we looked like originally; those are the original
homes. We understand what the limitations of an SSO are that it will allow
us to maintain scale. It'll keep the homes within 20 feet high. If we don't
have it, the homes could get 30 feet high, and they'd be two story. We also
understand that it will not give us design compatibility. We hope maybe in
the future it will do that. We disagree with what the, all in good faith,

                                                                          Page 109 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
