                         TRANSCRIPT
on the video where you can watch that, that would be great. That's not in
the motion right now, but that's something we can work towards. I like the
motion; I'll support it. I hope that Council Member Kniss will reconsider.

Council Member DuBois: I don't find this motion clear in terms of what
happens to the Ordinance. I would propose an amendment that Section C of
the Ordinance would read, "As soon as possible after each Council meeting,
the verbatim minutes would be distributed publicly."         We're producing
verbatim minutes, but it's not clear what is happening to them.

Council Member Kniss: I didn't hear that, but that's good that that happens.

Council Member Scharff: That's acceptable.

Mayor Holman: You're saying produced. Do you mean publicly available?

Council Member Scharff: The way I see this working is we give this broad
direction. You clarified something that's important. The City Attorney
comes back with an Ordinance. We see the Ordinance. We vote on the
Ordinance. If we're unhappy with it, we can make changes.

Council Member DuBois:      The Ordinance would come back on Consent
though

Council Member Scharff: That's true.

Council Member Burt: I wanted to get clarification on what this means, that
verbatim minutes would be publicly produced. Rather than produced, you're
talking about provided to the public. Right?

Council Member DuBois:        I'm specifically referring to Clause C of the
Ordinance which is fairly detailed.

Council Member Burt: What does that mean?

Council Member DuBois: It says that copies will be made available to every
Council Member, City Manager, Department heads, newspapers, be made
available to the public on the front counter in the Clerk's Office ...

Council Member Burt: Are these all hard copies?

Council Member DuBois:       ... the table and bulletin board in Council
Chambers and City libraries except the Children's Library.

Council Member Burt: You're talking about hard copies?


                                                                       Page 61 of 63
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/6/15
