                             MINUTES
AMENDMENT: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
direct Staff to look at locating an additional bedroom on the first floor to
reduce the second-floor mass.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-5 Holman, Schmid yes

Council Member Wolbach felt the Amendment for Condition Numbers 6 and 8
should incorporate a more specific time period, such as life of the home.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to modify Section 6 – Conditions of Approval,
Condition Number 6 – “Trees and vines will be maintained for the natural life
of the home.”

Ms. Gitelman indicated "natural life of the home" was unusual language but
comprehensible.

Council Member Wolbach suggested 20 years, 50 years.

Ms. Gitelman recommended retaining the language of "life of the home."

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-1 Schmid no, DuBois, Scharff absent

14.   Policy and Services Committee Recommends the City Council Amend
      Policy and Procedure 1-48/ASD (Procedure for Sale/Transfer of Surplus
      City-Owned Real Property) to Address Unsolicited Offers and Provide
      for Broad Marketing of City Lands Through Use of Electronic Media.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer, recalled the Council reviewed and
discussed the Santa Clara County Grand Jury Report in September 2014. At
that time, the Council referred to the Policy and Services Committee
(Committee) Policy and Procedure 1-48 relating to the sale and transfer of
surplus City-owned property. In November 2014, the Committee heard the
item and made two recommendations. The first recommendation was to
specify that unsolicited offers would be referred to the Council as
recommended by the City Manager. The second recommendation was to
market City property broadly using appropriate modes of advertising
including electronic media.

Vice Mayor Schmid reported the Committee voted unanimously in favor of
the two recommendations. He dissented with respect to Section A.3 in that
it should be more explicit as to whether the City Manager could present an
unsolicited bid in an Open or Closed Session.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
approve the Policy and Services Committee recommendation to amend

02/17/2015                                                             117- 18
