                          TRANSCRIPT
think we need to make sure the flow really makes people go through their
data and update it. You shouldn't be able to just pay and submit so we have
your data that they didn't update because they didn't have to. You've really
got to think about how those screens are designed and make sure that they
update the data. Nobody's asked it yet; I was surprised. We started off
with like 200,000 businesses, and we've whittled it down. I guess, what list
are we using and how's that whittling process worked?

Mr. Fehrenbach: We started almost two years ago now by putting together
nine different databases, had information from the City's coffers, so utilities
info, fire info, some Dunn and Bradstreet information, various public
databases that were available and certain private ones that were available to
the consultant. That's how we got to a huge number of 200,000. Then it
was a culling process, getting rid of duplications, getting rid of companies
that were slightly spelled differently. We ultimately—at the beginning of this
sort of process of passing the ordinance, I believe we're down to 6,700, if
my memory serves me correctly. Deleting then home-based businesses,
transitory businesses, and ultimately businesses that have multiple entities
that are essentially incorporating the same people, we got down even
further. Ultimately, our efforts culminated in a physical survey of all the
business districts. We sort of put those lists together along with various
people that called us, and that's how we continue to cull the list even
further.

Council Member DuBois: Just quickly, I guess I've used up my time. I think
you had some interns helping. Did you guys do things like go through all
the stores at Stanford Mall and make sure they're all registered and that
kind of stuff?

Mr. Fehrenbach: We went through all the stores at Stanford mall. We have
not yet done any of that compliance-type work. We don't currently have
staffing for that type of work, but we know all the stores that exist in the
shopping center and we know those ...

Council Member DuBois: I mean, just an example. I mean, there's like—I
think Council Member Berman was figuring out the largest ones that are
missing and knocking them off.

Mr. Fehrenbach: Sure, yeah. That's good feedback. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: I would just echo I support totally tying use and
occupancy permits or City parking lot permits to the need to register. I see
this evolving as you have to have a Palo Alto ID before you do any of these
things, and that's registering. Thanks.

                                                                        Page 22 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
