                          TRANSCRIPT
Public Hearing opened at 7:56 P.M.

Steve Pierce: Madam Mayor, members of the City Council, I'm Steve Pierce,
a long time resident of Downtown North. I am, yes, the applicant for a
project on Cambridge. I've looked at this ordinance in sort of great depth to
see how it would certainly affect us as well as the area that we're involved
in. I'd say at outset that I am very much in support of protecting our small
retailers. I think the intrusion of chain stores, I think, does that. The
portion of the ordinance that I do not think is going to render the kinds of
results that people are hoping will occur is really the extension of this R
overlay onto Cambridge. Before I sort of dig into why I don't support that, if
it is the desire of Council to pursue this nonetheless, I would suggest some
modifications to the ordinance. Jonathan has suggested one that I put forth.
The buildings on Cambridge tend to have 100-foot depths. Those depths are
really too great for retail, particularly the small retail that is desired.
Therefore, I suggest that non-retail uses be allowed on the non-street-facing
portions of Cambridge. Secondly, I think we need to have carve-outs as the
ordinance is unclear about parking on the first floor as well as lobbies to
second floor office space. If we do pursue it, those are changes I think that
would make this work better. With respect to why I can't really support
extending retail onto Cambridge, it's really for a number of reasons. Retail
is kind of a unique use. It's really not one of those things where you can say
zone it and they shall come. Retail really needs a lot of really sort of
nuanced things to be able to locate. Basically Cambridge is not a good retail
location for a number of reasons. From a retail market standpoint, it is not.
Retail needs a critical mass. It needs retail on the right, retail on the left,
retail across the street; that's how it works. That's why University Avenue
works, Cal. Ave. works. That's why shopping centers are set up the way
they are. There's a critical mass. Right now the notion is if we extend it in
there as we get buildings that are remodeled, they'll be required to have
retail, so organically retail will have to occur there. This really doesn't work
with retail. A retail user is going to look at a building with offices on both
sides and parking lots across the street and say, "This is not a place I can
survive." That's why organically it doesn't work. That's why, like I say,
Downtown where you've got solid zoning, it really does work. If you can beg
me another couple of moments.

Mayor Holman: If you could just wrap up though, quickly. Thanks.

Mr. Pierce: Sure. Another thing we need to consider too is the buildings
there are really suitable. I did a little survey. About 85 percent of the
buildings were built as office buildings, do not have store fronts, etc. about
half of those were built in the last 15 years. They're not going to convert.
They're not going to be remodeled. Now, what we're down to is small
                                                                         Page 36 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
