                          TRANSCRIPT
be leaving the Commission. Maybe it would be particularly appropriate to
have them make comments. Asher, would you care to go? Not to put you
on the spot, but I'm putting you on the spot.

Asher Waldfogel, Utilities Advisory Commissioner:        Thank you, Mayor
Holman. I really don't have anything to add to that introduction. I want to
thank the members of this Council for the opportunity to spend the last
couple of years devoting my first Wednesday nights of every month to the
Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) for a couple of years.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Other Commissioners?

John Melton, Utilities Advisory Commissioner: I have a couple of things I
would like to recommend to Council as I am leaving the Commission. This is
perhaps my last chance to say some things to you that I think are
important. The first is following up on the comments about the importance
of reliability in the utilities. I really believe that is the thing that our
customers look to us for first, reliability. The water has to flow; the
electricity has to flow; the wastewater has to flow. Cost effectiveness is
good, but reliability is the top thing. In that context, five years after we
learned the lesson of having a single point connection, we still have not
gotten our second point connection in our electric supply. Doing whatever it
takes to get Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) and Department of
Energy (DOE) and Western all lined up so that we can make a connection
out on the west side is perhaps the most important thing that needs to be
done. I would ask that the new UAC and this Council push on that as hard
as they can. The second thing I would like to say is 11 years ago, when I
first joined the UAC, my first vote on the UAC was to make a
recommendation to Council on whether or not we should pursue Fiber to the
Premises, at that time called fiber to the home. It's only been 11 years,
folks. I know there are things on the table. By the way, the first vote I took
where I voted yes and said, "Let's do it," that proposal fell apart over a legal
issue that came to the surface. Since then there have been several other
pushes at that, all of which haven't gone anywhere. We're now in the
middle of another push, and we've got City Staff developing a proposal.
We've got Google considering us as a possibility. We've got other carriers
that all of a sudden recognized that Google is going to be a competitor, and
they're starting to compete. Comcast, Verizon and such. I would urge
Council to make this the last run. Either do it now—if that's what the
analysis turns out to be the right thing to do; that hasn't been determined
yet—or accept the fact that we've missed the boat and it's too late to do a
municipal fiber project. The commercial world of Google and Comcast and
Verizon and all of those guys are going to do it, and they are going to take
care of it. There will be Fiber to the Premises, but it won't be a municipal

04/20/2015                                                              117- 270
