                             MINUTES
the big issues or questions to be addressed as part of the Comprehensive
Plan Update. If the Council had growth management strategies that it
wanted tested and discussed at the Summit and as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update, they should raise those at the current time.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether one Motion should contain both
interim measures and long-term measures.

Mayor Holman requested the Council focus on the Motion on the table.
Council Members should propose topics for consideration in the
Comprehensive Plan Update in a separate Motion.

Council Member DuBois asked if the Motion should explicitly state that
measures were to be defined and evaluated as part of the Comprehensive
Plan Update.

Mayor Holman felt it was clear to Staff from the Council's many comments
that interim measures should inform the Comprehensive Plan. It did not
have to be stated in the Motion.

Council Member Burt agreed it was not necessary.

Council Member Filseth believed the Council should proceed to a vote rather
than continue to add exceptions to the Motion.

Mayor Holman advised that the Motion should exclude Stanford Research
Park by clearly and definitively addressing single occupancy vehicle trips and
restriction of conversion of R&D to office.

Council Member Burt agreed that those things should move forward. He was
struggling with whether they should be included in the Interim Ordinance or
as additional guidance for the Comprehensive Plan discussion. That would
be a basis for excluding the Research Park from any consideration of a cap in
the Comprehensive Plan. They were part of the Comprehensive Plan rather
than the Interim Ordinance.

Mayor Holman wanted to see progress prior to the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Burt concurred.      Between now and adoption of the
Comprehensive Plan those two measures should begin to move forward. By
the time the Comprehensive Plan was adopted, they should have solidified.

Mayor Holman agreed. Suggested the FAR for Neighborhood Commercial
(CN) Zoning should return to 0.9.



03/23/2015                                                             117- 145
