                         TRASNCRIPT
Beth Minor, City Clerk: Mayor Holman, I do. We have no majority vote at
this time. We have Council Member Berman voting for Mark Harris; Council
Member Burt voting for Arne Ballantine; Council Member DuBois voting for
Mark Harris; Council Member Filseth voting for Arne Ballantine; Mayor
Holman voting for Marianne Wu; Council Member Scharff voting for Arne
Ballantine; Vice Mayor Schmid voting for Ramarao Digumarthi; and Council
Member Wolbach voting for Marianne Wu. We had three votes for Arne
Ballantine, one for Ramarao Digumarthi, two for Mark Harris, and two for
Marianne Wu.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, you heard the votes. Please place your
second ballot on the dais please.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Could you repeat the numbers again?

Mayor Holman:      Just who got how many votes, not by name of Council
Member.

Ms. Minor: Arne Ballantine, three votes. Ramarao Digumarthi, one. Mark
Harris, two. Marianne Wu, two.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: I have no cards from members of the public to speak under
Oral Communications.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: I have one speaker to speak to Item Number 5. City Clerk
has placed an at-places memo for Council Members to provide a bit of a
clarification to Item Number 11. City Clerk, would you like to go through
that or you want me to go through it while you're counting ballots? Okay.
Item Number 11—excuse me just a moment here. Item Number 11 is the
adoption of a revised Ordinance amending Section 2.040.160, City Council
Minutes, of Chapter 2.04, Council Organization and Procedure, of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code to require Action Minutes and a verbatim transcript of all
Council and Council Standing Committee meetings and delete the
requirement for Sense Minutes. When I went through this again these last
days, I noticed something that I think was the Council's intention. Forgive
me if not. If you look at packet page 153 under 2.04.160(b), three lines
down it says City Clerk shall post draft Action Minutes on the City website
and transmit a copy to each Council Member. I believe that is consistent
with the Council Members' intention. If you turn to the next page, though,
under "C" it says—I'm going to try to combine this—a verbatim transcript of
the proceedings shall also be prepared as soon as possible after each Council
                                                                       Page 41 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
