                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We're talking about the amendment right now. We're not
going back to Council Member DuBois. We're talking about the amendment.
Council Member Berman?

Council Member Berman: I think that's a separate issue.

Council Member Wolbach: Perhaps it was my mistake. I thought that that
related to what we're trying to do with "G" here.

Mayor Holman:     Given that, vote on the—Council Member Filseth.           To the
amendment.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry. I'd just like to hear Council Member DuBois
comment on the amendment, if he wants.

Council Member DuBois: I feel like I'm doing a lot of talking tonight. Again,
I feel like we're in a really critical time in the market. There's a window right
now, I feel, to talk to these providers before announcements are made. I
don't want to see us wait. We say an RFI G1, we're talking six months from
now when we see results. I mean, we're just stringing this thing out, so I'd
like to get started. That's where I'm coming from.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, vote on the amendment please.
That amendment fails on a 5-4 vote, Council Members Berman, Scharff,
Holman and Kniss voting yes. What's wrong there? It fails with the four
no's, yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Berman, Holman, Kniss, Scharff yes

Mayor Holman: We go back to the main motion. Any Council Members care
to speak to the main motion?

Council Member Scharff: I do.

Mayor Holman:     Going back to the main motion, so Council Member
Wolbach, Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of questions. Just a little bit of clean-up
maybe. It's tricky because the lettering is a little off. Anyway, under "B(a),"
it just seems like the wording at the front-end is a little bit unclear. Was
that the wording that you had intended?
                                                                         Page 66 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
