                          TRANSCRIPT
economy, the real sharing economy where people would come together to
do things together that they could not accomplish separately. If groups of
two or four families could come together and buy a single property and
construct on it a multifamily dwelling, they would save the money that would
otherwise go to a developer. What I’m asking is that you change zoning for
a half-mile radius around the three train stations, University, California, San
Antonio, and pre-approve modular prefab net zero energy units to shorten
the timeframe for design and planning approval. Think about it. If we were
looking for a place to buy and tear down and build new, it's at least a year.
Actually, we've been trying to buy for four years here. It's at least a year to
find a place and successfully bid on it, a year to design and then a year to
construct. Middle income families cannot tie up money for that long.
There's my email address if you have any questions. Thank you for the
opportunity.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming. Jeanette Tucker to be followed by
Adam Rifkin.

Jeanette Tucker: Good evening and thank you for your time. I too am a
teacher at Gunn High School special education.

Mayor Holman: Can you pull the mike down closer. There you go. Thank
you.

Ms. Tucker: Yes. I can just yell. I speak in front of teenagers all day. I
wanted to ask the City to consider to continue with affordable housing. I am
the product of affordable housing in this community. My parents were on a
wait list for 12 years to purchase our home. My brother and I were able to
go to the school system because of this. Once I entered the education
sector, I put myself on the wait list on several cities. I now live in affordable
housing because of that. Unlike my coworkers, I am able to participate fully
in school functions, and it's easy for me to be involved in my community. I
hope that you will consider that factor in making this decision. That was it.
Thank you. That was really short.

Mayor Holman: Adam Rifkin to be followed by John Kelley.

Adam Rifkin: Hello and thank you for your time. My name is Adam Rifkin,
and I live on Middlefield Road between the Greenhouse and Greendell. I've
been a Palo Alto resident for 15 years as a renter. I'm asking the Council to
include more housing as part of the Comprehensive Plan. My family and I
came to Palo Alto; we love it here. Came here from southern California,
because I'm a start-up founder and this is the place to be. I chose Palo Alto
over the other cities around here because of the community and the
diversity. I love it here. I love the people here. It's interesting because
                                                                         Page 36 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
