                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: When you put in the boundaries, you included the
SOFA area. We have a specific plan for the SOFA area. Does that already
tell you where you can build office and where you cannot build office? What
I'm getting at—so I'm not opaque—is should that be included within the
boundary area that we're talking about? We've done a specific plan for it, so
should that be included in the cap? That's what I’m getting to. I wanted to
know what we've done in terms of office and what we haven't and what's left
to be built. Maybe there's nothing left to be built there.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. That was a great
suggestion by one of the speakers, that a concept area plan, where you
basically have very site-specific development standards in plans. You've
thoughtfully considered the entire area in some detail. That could be an
area that could potentially be carved out, where this could not apply. That's
a question I would ask the Council, if you have interest in doing that. That
was an interesting idea.

Council Member Scharff: You now used the term concept area plan. Did
you do that on purpose as opposed to a specific plan or did you mean ...

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Coordinated area plan. I've never come across
that term before.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to make sure I understood that. The
other thing Staff talks a little bit about in here is the 1,000 to 2,000 square
foot of office space shall not be included, and then looking at what gross
square footage means in the Code. That's basically what you suggested.
There's two thoughts. One is that you think if we update the Code on that,
then we wouldn't necessarily need that. That's why you wanted to put it in
the interim. I also had another issue on this. For some small project,
maybe I simply don't want to include them. For 1,000 or 2,000 feet, it may
or may not be worth including. For instance, if I didn't want to include it,
would it then make sense to say projects that add less than 2,000 square
feet, for instance, or would you still need to update that gross square
footage issue? What is the issue on the gross square footage? Maybe you
can be a little more precise.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. The issue on gross
square footage is simply that it takes some interpretation. We review
projects; we talk to applicants; we get comments from the public. There's a
dialog about our current definition; it could be more clear. It's something
we want to do in a Code update sometime, but we haven't gotten around to
it yet. I hope we will soon. That's one of the reasons that our thinking was
that exempting small projects would probably be a good idea, then we

                                                                        Page 43 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
