                            TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: That's different from across the street. It's a block
down.

Mr. Hayes: I was very rushed tonight as you could see.         I meant to say
across the street.

Council Member Burt: It's an important distinction. When we look at
compatibility of surrounding buildings, we are going to have a question of is
that compatibility about a broader street area of one or two blocks and the
opposite of the street as much as ...

Mr. Hayes: I think it is.

Council Member Burt: Yeah. Adjacent buildings or is it trying to emphasize
more of a tighter-knit area where we're talking about compatibility? That's
an important question. We could make arguments that it's not too far away
from 525 University Avenue, and I don't think anybody's going to argue that
that's relevant to compatibility. I just wanted to clarify that. Thanks.

Mr. Hayes: Can I clarify one thing, sir ...

Council Member Burt: Sure.

Mr. Hayes:      ... Council Member Burt, on the FAR?           The FAR on the
commercial side is 1.85 or 1.86 depending on how you round. To get to the
2.86, it's the 1:1 FAR for the residential that is putting us there.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd like to step back for a moment and ask a general
question on the parking issue. I have found as a Council Member I have a
hard time getting past the parking issue to look at other questions. Let me
put this in terms of a question, not to the Applicant but to Staff. The project
is planned for 57 parking places offsite. It seems to me that there's a
conflict in Code here. The Code says that you can use in-lieu fees and
exemptions for TDRs for offsite parking. On the other hand, the Code that
defines the in-lieu fee, the Downtown Parking District says explicitly that
payment of in-lieu fees ensures that new development in the Downtown area
does not exacerbate the existing parking deficit. They define that as 1,490
cars. You have these two elements of the Code. One that says it's okay to
park offsite, but the other base Code says yes, as long as it doesn't exceed
that number of 1,490. That number becomes very important. How many
cars of workers are there parked somewhere in the Downtown area? Four
years ago, the Council asked for an update of the Development Cap. In May
2014 we got the first volume of that, and it looked at parking. It summed
up by saying the implication of the Downtown square footage implies there's
8,000 cars that would be in the area. They make some assumptions about
                                                                       Page 62 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
