                    ACTION MINUTES

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Agenda Item Numbers 24 and 28 continued at this point in the meeting.

24.   Proposed Response to the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
      Authority’s (VTA’s) “Call for Projects” for Inclusion in the Countywide
      Long-Range Transportation Plan (VTP 2040) & Discussion of the
      Potential Envision Silicon Valley 2016 Transportation Tax Measure.

28.   Authorization for the Mayor to Sign a Letter Regarding Palo Alto’s
      Position on New Funding for State and Local Transportation
      Infrastructure.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
authorize the Mayor to sign onto a joint letter to the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) from up to eleven North County and West
Valley cities.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to authorize the Mayor to sign a letter regarding the City of Palo Alto’s
position on new funding for state and local transportation infrastructure.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
authorize a response to the VTA “Call for Projects” consisting of the lists of
proposed transportation projects and come back after Council discussions of
the Comprehensive Plan Update on the Transportation Element to further
prioritize projects.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to highlight four priorities in descending order of priority:

A.    Dedicated funding for Caltrain grade separations in Palo Alto or North
      Santa Clara County and other Caltrain capacity improvements; and

B.    Bicycle and pedestrian improvements; and
                                                                           Page 7 of 11
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 8/17/15
