                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I read that as startups. How do you read that? Do
you read "opportunities" as startups or existing businesses.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think in the whole sentence it probably works.

Council Member Filseth: I'll accept it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, you're good?

Council Member Filseth: I'll accept it.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to direct Staff to replace
Goal B-2 (Diversity) with ‘the City’s business policies, culture of innovation,
balanced economic goals and diverse local and regional serving businesses
combine to stimulate and support viable business opportunities.’”

Mayor Holman: We're good. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think with the clarification that it replaces B-2, I
really like the one-word summary of the current elements. We have
compatibility, diversity, growth and flexibility. If this is really meant to
expound on the diversity goal, I'd support that. I really wasn't sure if you
were trying to add a separate innovation goal with this goal. If it replaces B-
2, I think I'm good with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, you have a comment?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm just worried about losing the language that's
in B-2 currently. I'm not opposed to this language. I just think there's an
important balance that's expressed in B-2. I want to make sure we don't
lose that. I'd actually propose a friendly amendment to this amendment. I
would take the language from the existing B-2 and add it as a last item in
the list in the new one.

Mayor Holman: Do what? I'm sorry.

Council Member Wolbach: I would just take all of the language from the
existing B-2 and I would add it as the last item in the list to the new B-2.




                                                                         Page 82 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
