                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I think comments and questions can be on anything,
because there's a lot of intersections, but when we ...

Council Member Kniss: I'll let others get started, and then I'll jump in. That
was my process thing.

Vice Mayor Schmid:     Anyone want to volunteer to start?       Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Did I push my button? That's ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Wolbach. Sorry.

Council Member Wolbach: We're looking at a few different questions here.
Key ones on my mind. How much do we want to expand? How fast do we
want to expand? Do we want to force expansion or just expand the area by
which a block or a neighborhood or a street asks to opt in? A question of
how we distribute employee cars throughout the Parking District. How and
whether we limit employee cars in total. There's some budget issues. A
couple of things on my mind for right now, just to put them out there. I
think that expanding or at least opening the option to expand to a half mile
or even further makes sense. If we were going to just by fiat expand it, I
wouldn't go more than a half mile from Downtown. If we are going to open
up the option for blocks to opt in, I'd be open to going to three-quarters of a
mile perhaps. I don't know if we can say exactly what the right distance is,
but I'd be open to basically a broader distance. I wouldn't necessarily stop
at Embarcadero.       I don't see Embarcadero necessarily as a wall that
anybody with a scooter or a skateboard or fold-up bike in the trunk of their
car would refuse to cross. I'm sensitive to the possibility of parking
expansion into Old Palo Alto. If we went right up to the border of Old Palo
Alto at Embarcadero and the next week people in Old Palo Alto near
Embarcadero discovered that their neighborhood was getting full of cars, I'd
want us to be ready for that. That's what I'm thinking on the borders. On
distribution, I actually thought the idea of preserving one side of the street
on every street or allowing employees to only park on one side of the street
on every street was an interesting idea. Aside from that, I'm kind of
ambivalent at this point about whether concentric circles or micro zones
would be best. Some members of the public and people who have been very
focused on this advocating for micro zones. Staff and some other members
of the public preferred concentric circles. I think the idea that wherever they
are, employees could only park on one side of the street and not the other
was really interesting. There's a safety issue that's kind of related to this,
thinking about what happens on one side of the street or the other. I'm not
sure this is necessarily the right time to talk about it, but I'll just say, since

                                                                          Page 47 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
