                          TRANSCRIPT
Brown Act even before it was included as a Standing Committee in the
Council's procedure manual. Since that action five weeks ago, I haven't
heard anything about the Committee, who's appointed to it or whether it's
having any meetings. It's important because there are issues that are
coming up on rail. For example, I believe tomorrow is the High Speed Rail
Authority Board's meeting which includes the awarding of the contract for
the contractor to do the environmental review for the San Francisco to San
Jose section of High Speed Rail. As far as I know, the schedule is still to
complete that environmental review by the end of next year. I'm not aware
that it takes into account one of the other items that was approved five
weeks ago which was to have the Staff and Mayor convey to the High Speed
Rail Authority that the timeline of the Environmental Impact Report should
be adjusted to include adequate timing for the EIR and adjusted for time
needed to fully integrate context sensitive solutions in that process.
Secondly, there's another item that's come up related to High Speed Rail.
That is that there has been a proposed statewide initiative submitted to the
Attorney General for the 30-day public review. It's titled the New Surface
Water and Groundwater Storage Facilities. Included in the language of that
proposed measure is to reallocate $8 billion from High Speed Rail bonds to
this Surface Water and Groundwater Storage Facilities Act. I think it would
be appropriate for that to be reviewed in the public process to be able to
decide whether to make comments about that initiative by the deadline
which, I believe, is December 13th. In terms of what happens at the High
Speed Rail Board, they're required to have, under the Bagley-Keene Act, the
ten-day advance notice of their meetings and their agenda items. There
clearly is enough process time there to schedule Rail Committee meetings
and make recommendations to the Council for anything that's on that
Board's meeting as well. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Just quickly for public information, the Rail Committee is
comprised of Council Members Burt, Scharff, DuBois and Berman. Maybe
the City Clerk could get that on the City's website as to Committee
configuration.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Yes, I will.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, if I just might say something
before the last speaker and before folks leave. On the issue of dewatering,
we'd previously announced that the Policy and Services Committee was
going to take that up at its evening meeting on December 8th. That
meeting has been rescheduled to December 1st. We'll be taking that item
up before Policy and Services on the evening of December 1st. Thanks.

                                                                          Page 32 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
