                         TRANSCRIPT
freak out the entire town and kind of add some context as to what that
means exactly?

Mr. Matterman: Within the limitation of a text. We don't want to give them
many sentences or paragraphs. Basically what it says for flood watch is
within two hours, because this is always prospective for two hours ahead,
within two hours at this location the creek is anticipated to reach 60 percent
capacity. Stay tuned, stay alert. It will direct them to additional resources.
All of that has to fit within, I think, 150 characters or something like that.
That's the flood watch. The flood warning is more direct. The text message
or the email is a little longer, but basically the same thing where it says
within two hours at this location, the creek is expected to flood. It directs
them to the website. What you'll notice on the home page of the website,
which is shown on the screen there, it tells people please do not call 911
unless it's an imminent life or property is being threatened. It also directs
people to the bottom of that page which is a series of links for their
jurisdiction, their city or county in that case. It's a balancing act. We want
to give people information. We want them to be alert. We want them to go
to their city website but, as you said, we don't want them to freak out and
call 911 if that's not called for in that circumstance.

Mr. Sartor: Council Member (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: Thank you. If I might add to that. Could I ...

Mr. Sartor: I just wanted ...

Mr. Keene: Yeah.

Mr. Sartor: Just real quick. When the website turns yellow, that's at 60
percent capacity. At 70 percent capacity is when we actually activate our
Emergency Operations Center. What that means is that we will actually
have people on the ground ready to respond at 70 percent capacity. It will
be tracking that creek monitor and be out in the field ready to respond to
any red dots if they come up.

Mr. Keene: That's what I was going to say. We've got the Chiefs and OES
Director here. We will be on the job when we activate the Emergency
Operations Center. That's a very comprehensive process that we'll have
Public Safety, Public Works, myself and other people. All of us will be on the
scenes and out there, so there will be a lot of boots on the ground.
Obviously still making sort of the call as you get to this two-hour sort of
period to what's actually going to happen is going to also be something that
while our teams have been practicing already on a lot of the emergency
responses, those are the kinds of decisions that kind of get made there on
                                                                       Page 37 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
