                         TRANSCRIPT
     Path Connecting Wilkie Way to the Redwood Gate Neighborhood, with
     Associated Site Improvements, on a 5,000 Square-Foot Site Fronting
     Wilkie Way, Zoned CS-L-D (Service Commercial with Landscape and
     Site and Design Combining Districts) located at 4261 El Camino Real.
     Environmental Assessment: Exempt from CEQA Pursuant to Sections
     15303 and 15304 (New Construction of Small Structures and Minor
     Alterations to Land).

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Good evening, Council. Our Contract Planner, Sheldon Ah Sing, will be
making the presentation.

Sheldon Ah Sing, Contract Planner: I have a brief presentation for you that
summarizes the packet. The project is located along Wilkie Way, which is
proposed to be a bicycle corridor. The path would connect the Charleston
Meadows to the Redwood Gate neighborhood where there are small open
spaces as well as the neighborhoods adjacent to the El Camino Real
Commercial Corridor. The project site is a vacant, unimproved 5,000 square
foot portion of a 3.2 acre site that has a Dinah Hotel. The underlying zoning
and proposed use requires public hearings. Before the application was
submitted by the City, the City conducted two community meetings. In
addition, the Planning Commission and the ARB recommended approval of
the project.      The Bicycle Advisory Commission also provided their
endorsement.      All these meetings led to maximum public input and
opportunities leading to the site plan before you. The plan includes an
approximate 100-foot pathway that begins 10 feet wide at Wilkie Way and
tapers to 5 feet as it enters the Redwood Gate neighborhood. The site will
include trees and drought-tolerant landscaping along with sitting boulders
and benches. The path will be lit with bollard lighting. All of these are City
standard elements. The topics worth discussing are aesthetics and parking.
Regarding aesthetics and compatibility, at present the site is unimproved.
It's a very small site. Given its surroundings, it's a bit out of place. The
project proposes to frame the site in a way that creates transitions between
densities and connects to neighborhoods. The project will also improve the
aesthetics of the site with, as I mentioned, drought-tolerant plantings
consistent with its surroundings. A lighted pathway will not be intrusive.
Regarding parking, during the first community meeting, residents believed
that the Summer Hill development did not have sufficient parking. If this
path were to be constructed, it would create additional parking on Wilkie
Way. At the second community meeting, the parking occupancy study was
conducted and the report concluded that there was heavy bicycle and
pedestrian use along Wilkie Way and that there was sufficient parking within
the Redwood Gate neighborhood. Therefore, construction of the path would
not change any existing parking conditions. Over the course of the project,
                                                                         Page 36 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
