                         TRANSCRIPT
following changes: 1) to add in 18.85.101 to qualify as a retail use the use
shall be generally open to the public; 2) to add daycare center, automotive
services and service stations to the uses in 18.85.101; 3) change "operating
as of March 2, 2015" to "permitted or operating as of March 2, 2015 or
thereafter;" and 4) to add to 18.85.102 to prohibit the elimination of
basement space currently in retail use or in retail-supporting use to be
converted to another use.

Council Member Kniss: I realize we've gone over this 800 times by now, but
automotive services is defined from service stations. One has gasoline or
some kind of electronic kind of thing, whatever it might be, and the other
one is what?

Council Member Burt: One sales gas and the other doesn't.

Council Member Kniss: One sales gas and the other doesn't?

Ms. Gitelman: They are two different definitions in our Code.

Council Member Filseth: On the service station, should that number be 11.
not 10?

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

14.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of the Urban Forest Master Plan and
      Approval of a Negative Declaration.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, point of information. About how
long would we anticipate this would be? This is a very, very thick document.
You still have a number of people to speak.

Mayor Holman: The last item we had figured at about an hour and 10
minutes, and it took a little bit more than that. This item we'd allowed an
hour and 15. We have just four speakers. We need our Staff here to make
the presentation. We have five members of the public.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Good evening, Mayor Holman and
Members of Council. Mark Sartor, Public Works Director. Sorry I'm late
getting down here, but just caught up with you. Walter Passmore, our
Urban Forester, is here to present to you a few years of very hard work that
he and the community have done to prepare the City's first Urban Forest
Master Plan. With that, Walter.

Walter Passmore, Urban Forestry Manager: Thank you. Mayor, Council
Members. With great pleasure we bring to you Palo Alto's first Urban Forest
Master Plan. As Mike said, this has been many years in the making. It was
                                                                        Page 66 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
