                          TRANSCRIPT
floor area. Maybe you're just moving some walls around to create a better
pedestrian (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: An exterior wall?

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry?

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk) an exterior wall?

Mr. Lait: Exterior walls, yeah. With this shrink wrap concept, we wouldn't
allow somebody to—let me even take another example, parapets. Parapets
that exceed—that are maybe exceeding the height limit, if somebody wanted
to reduce the height of that, that—if you cannot change the height of the
building, we would not allow somebody to take a 6-foot parapet and make it
a 4-foot parapet.

Council Member DuBois: The other ones made sense to me. The building
envelope didn't make sense. I was trying to understand it.

Mr. Lait: We're trying to be as inclusive as possible to allow for—because
then we're listing all the different things. Then we're listing the length, and
we're listing the footprint and the height. We just thought we'd capture it
with building envelope, which is defined above.

Council Member DuBois: Another comment was on site design. I'm trying
to find that. This idea that people are basically doing three units to avoid
site design or four units or less, I guess. I guess the thought I had reading
that was we could go the other way and just say that all mixed use requires
site design, which would not encourage people to limit the number of
housing units. They wouldn't need to stop at four. It just seems like mixed
use has been kind of the issue. Now we're moving it up to nine, we'll see a
lot of eight units or nine units, but we won't see ten units. We're just kind of
shifting the problem. Maybe a better solution would just be to say all mixed
use should go to site design. I wonder what you guys thought about that.

Mr. Lait: I'd want to take a look at our Housing Element, because there is
that policy that does seek to minimize the barrier, the government
constraints about providing housing. If we're now taking projects that are
otherwise able to be reviewed by the ARB only and now we're subjecting
them to PTC review and City Council approval, that does add a fair amount
of time to the processing of a mixed-use project that would have three units
or four units. I'd be concerned about requiring mixed use for those types of
projects—requiring site design for those types of projects.



                                                                         Page 86 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
