                          TRANSCRIPT
lead on this. Again, I mean, you look at BART in Berkeley. BART did not
lead that effort. Berkeley had to fight tooth and nail to get a tunnel. I think
that's just expected. I don't think those are the organizations that would
lead on this. Again, just in terms of funding sources, regionally I think we
are going to have to probably cobble together lots of different sources. I
think we may need to look at some kind of train assessment district or a
business tax, transportation tax. Thanks for the comments on the Staff
Report. If the only contribution VTA was going to make to grade seps was
the number that was in the Staff Report, I think that would strongly
influence me to more seriously considering a City sales tax. I mean, I
think—we're going to talk about Item 3 a little bit later. We're going to have
to negotiate hard. Unfortunately, I think it is a zero-sum game when it
comes to funding these projects. I just want to say I support CSS. I think
that's critical. Again, we would use that process to explore some of these
alternatives. Before we constrain ourselves, I'd like to start thinking big. It
may not be practical, but I think that's where CSS would helps us flesh that
out.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I like the idea also of having a CSS process for us
with hopefully the goal being us actually coming up with a position that
we've taken of what we want. There are a lot of different ways that we can
go, and a lot of different options. Having a community-involved discussion
of all the tradeoffs and all the benefits and all the costs to actually come to
what the City's policy is, I think would be really helpful. Council Member
Burt alluded to the fact that the High Speed Rail Authority hasn't really given
any reason for their 18-month EIR process. Are you guys aware of anything
that he might not be or we might not be? Are they really not being very
forthright?

Mr. Mello: What they've said publicly is they want it to align with the
schedule for the Gilroy to Merced segment.

Mr. Keene: I would conclude that they haven't given a—I would agree with
Council Member Burt. That is not sufficient explanation.

Council Member Berman: What's the rush? It's baffling, and it really does
lead to a lot of distrust from our end, which was something that I thought
they were trying to work to remedy after what happened previously. This is
obviously going in the opposite direction with no real reason stated as to
why they're doing it. We don't need to get into this kind of stuff now, but as
we look, as Council Member Scharff was talking about, to revising our
Guiding Principles, I do think that we need to be open-minded to any and all

                                                                         Page 29 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
