                          TRANSCRIPT
ask if it was considered and dismissed or if it's one we ought to consider.
Somewhere between distributing Wi-Fi to key City facilities, something more
than that but less than Citywide and that would be to have Wi-Fi at all of our
retail areas of the City. I was wondering if that's something that we've
considered yet and also leave open for colleagues for their thoughts as far as
whether that's what we ought to consider if it wasn't already looked at
previously.

Ms. Hovis: Wi-Fi as a public amenity and an economic development tool in
key target areas such as retail areas, historic downtowns and so on is a very
powerful tool. With the fiber backbone that you have and the internal City
operational capacity is something that is very viable. We tend to see that
emphasized as an economic development tool in areas that are less
economically vibrant than this one. It's a very powerful amenity and frankly
something that the public has almost come to expect from cities and towns
in downtowns, parks, community centers, around places where there are
festivals and so on. It's not something that we investigated in detail, but it's
in our experience a sound strategy.

Mr. Reichental: I'd like to just mention a few thoughts. Yes, I don't think
CTC explored it deeply, but City Staff did look at this. There's a couple of
thoughts. We did a survey around wireless and through the narratives, it
turns out, at least anecdotally, that if you're strolling down a commercial
district, you're unlikely to switch to Wi-Fi. You'll continue to use your
cellular until you arrive at a destination like Starbucks or something, and
then you'll go to Wi-Fi. That's one part of it. The other is there is emerging,
a new set of technology that if a viable Wi-Fi hotspot appears, your phone
will automatically go from cellular to Wi-Fi and pick it up, reducing your
costs overall for your cellular technology. Google just happens to have it, a
product called Google Fi on that. Some of the providers, I think T-Mobile
possibly, are going to start to embed that in their cellular technology. That's
sort of the state of the art. We figured then, based on that, it didn't seem
like a high need. One of the options we're saying in the recommendations,
Staff are saying is to break out looking at Wi-Fi as a separate item for the 35
City facilities. We could explore also an option of third or "C" which is
University and California and wherever you deemed some other areas.
Since we're looking at it anyway, we could put it in as a la carte.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess one follow-up is—I appreciate that.
Thank you. I'll just say my own preference would be to do our retail areas
in advance of doing our parks. I'm not opposed to doing Wi-Fi in our parks,
but I think some might have better uptake than others. I think that our
retailers are probably more useful. I guess the follow-up question based on
                                                                         Page 32 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
