                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Asp: You mean the Phase A and Phase B on the public one?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Mr. Asp: The wording in the report was a little bit—it took me a little bit to
understand that myself. The key one is what's called Phase A, using the GN
technology. It would be leveraging some of the existing fiber for backhaul.
It would provide a basic 100 megabit per second service, and it's operating
in the 2.4 gigahertz band. The Phase B, it should be called Option B, not
phase because they're not related. That one requires you to have a lot more
access points and really requires more of the fiber to the premises. It's kind
of more like a fiber to the curb in order to deploy that. That's using the
newer technology, the 1 gigabit technology on that. It's on a 5 gigahertz
frequency.

Council Member Filseth:     Option 3 we shouldn't even consider until and
unless we do an FTTP?

Mr. Asp: Yeah, that one. I think in the report it's called Option Number 2,
Phase B or something like that.

Council Member DuBois: I would like to make a motion eventually, but I'll
just make comments right now. Back to my questions. What is our goal?
For me, I think we should have a goal of Citywide access. Again, it comes
down ownership. It comes down to flexibility. It comes down to control. I
think one of the things we should decide tonight is how important we think it
is for the City to own the fiber. The second thing, what should we do
between now and, let's say, January, end of the year? We've been waiting
for Google. There's a balance there between prudence and action. I think
we should use this time now to prepare for January. I mean, let's pick the
date. Let's move forward on some things in the meantime and let's give
Google until January. I don't think we can just wait forever. One thing we
haven't really talked about is an idea of a "dig once" ordinance which a lot of
cities are doing.

Council Member Kniss: Tom, what's your motion?

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to get through the comments. A "dig once"
ordinance that would basically say that anybody digging the City-laid
conduit. In the UAC letter, there was a suggestion that they vet some of the
assumptions, and I don't understand all the capital costs. I've talked to a lot
of people, and I don't think they have either. I thought that was a good
                                                                        Page 43 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
