                          TRANSCRIPT
Applicant? Can I ask the Applicant if they have a sense of where they
should go with this? Mayor Holman?

Council Member Berman: That's important.

Mayor Holman: All right. You can ask them. For me, I'm not sure that
there's not enough information in the Motion yet to give them direction on
what they could do either.

Council Member Scharff: That's my point. I'm happy to ask them, because
I don't think there's enough information in the Motion to tell them what to
do. I don't know how much they've spent already with Ken Hayes, but I’m
assuming they're going to go back and redesign something. They'll come
back, and we'll say, "No. It's still too big. Come back again." Without clear
direction as to what's acceptable to the Council, I think it's a completely
unfair process.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Kniss to direct Staff to return to the Council with a
circulation analysis and to the Historic Resources Board with the direction
that the Historic Resources Board is to look at historical issues.

Council Member Scharff: When I put these two things in, they were the two
things that were important to me. I know there were things that were
important to Council Member Schmid, for instance, that he might want to
get more information on. I'd be happy to add those in this discussion. If
there are other Council Members that want to get information back, I'm
happy to get information back. I, for instance, was interested in a shadow
study, but I only heard Council Member DuBois being interested in that. I
didn't hear anyone else interested, so I didn't include it. I'm open to
including that. What I'm not interested in doing is going back to the
Applicant and saying, "Redesign your building, and we'll see if we like it. If
we don't like it a second time, come back to us a third time." Or maybe
then we'll deny the project. I don't think that's a fair process. If Council
Members have an alternative suggestion and say, "We want nothing more
than a two-story building here," then you should say so. Then we can
decide if they want them to go away in terms of the residential component
of it. I can't get over it. There's the Lululemon project right across the
street. It's 50 feet high. It is as big as this project. I just don't get how I
can take what was in that Motion and say to myself, "Where would I go with
this?" This is a much better approach. If we have particular concerns, we
should clearly state them and clearly say what we want.

Council Member Kniss:      I'm going to go back to something that we
discussed, I think, in February. We discussed Carina Way. I was very
                                                                       Page 78 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
