                            MINUTES
Ms. Stump understood Ms. Nanda's concern after the last few comments.
The park owner agreed to an updated appraisal within six months of the
tenant leaving. Under State law, that could happen six months after the
park owner posted a notice of closure. If the appraisal was performed some
weeks or months prior to the posting, then it did not meet the standard
stated in the Motion, that it be within six months.

Council Member Burt understood Ms. Nanda objected to the language
allowing a mobile home owner to submit a written objection.

Ms. Nanda was also objecting to that language. That language rewrote the
Ordinance.

Council Member Burt suggested the parties recommend to the Council
whether that should be a part of the Motion.

Mayor Holman requested Council Member Burt provide language for his
proposal so that Council Members could determine whether they supported
the proposal.

Ms. Stump heard multiple concerns from Ms. Nanda and some from Ms. Aziz.
It was helpful and important to hear from both parties. Mayor Holman's
suggestion was good. The parties would need to respond before the Council
made any final decision. Staff wanted to see the response as well, so that
they could fully advise the Council.

Council Member Filseth advised that the Council was discussing two issues:
the scope of the appraisal and residents' appeal of the appraisals. The City
Attorney seemed to be suggesting a simple process for the Hearing Officer
to determine residents' appeals of the appraisals. The Council intended for
the park owner to be able to issue a notice of closure as early as May 5,
2015. He requested Ms. Nanda comment on the potential for a simple
process that allowed residents to provide input regarding appraisals.

Ms. Nanda was aware of many Ordinances that provided a process for
residents to oppose appraisals. The City's Ordinance did not contain that
language. To add that language now would amend the Ordinance after the
process was close to finalized. She was not as concerned with the appraiser
being instructed to utilize a different scope and the Hearing Officer
approving or not approving that scope.

Council Member Filseth wanted to discuss the two issues separately.

Ms. Nanda advised that the Council had jurisdiction over the elements of
mitigation assistance only. The appeal process for appraisals was not an
                                                                      Page 34 of 41
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 04/14/15
