                         TRANSCRIPT
developing it, who's ahead of it and why they aren't developing it and who is
stopping it. If any of you are interested, try one Sunday morning. You can
call in live and tell him who you are or don't tell him who you are. You can
ask him a question about these things, and he will tell you his version. It
may line up with yours. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Thank you to Staff with the notable exception.
You're doing a great job, leading us well. You're covering a lot of bases.
Really appreciate all of your effort in so many regards. Thank you.

Mr. Friend: Thank you, Mayor Holman.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you. Madam Mayor, Members of the
Council. A number of items to report on. First of all, the California Avenue
Streetscape is nearing the finish line. Construction crews will be putting the
finishing touches on items such as the lighting and landscaping over the next
week. No grass landscaping, of course. The new fountain on the plaza will
be installed tomorrow. Mark your calendars, Thursday, May 7th at 2:30 P.M.
for a celebration with the local merchants where the City will officially
commemorate and cut the ribbon on California Avenue. I did want to share
that Palo Alto local Matt Schlegel, who you met a few weeks ago,
successfully completed the Kasumigaura marathon in our Sister City
Tsuchiura, Japan over the weekend. Reports suggest he had a wonderful
time. I don't know if that meant during the marathon or after the marathon.
He reported his time of 4:25 was pretty close to his goal of a ten-minute
mile. We look forward to hearing from him and seeing photos on his return
to Palo Alto. I again wanted to go into a little more detail when we were
talking about water. On March 17th the State Water Resources Control
Board adopted emergency drought regulations that limit landscape irrigation
with potable water. Our recommendations on how to enforce these rules are
scheduled for the May 11th Council meeting. Our City's been actively
collaborating with other water agencies and cities in the bay area to
implement a two-day-a-week irrigation limit with even addresses watering
on Tuesdays and Fridays and those with odd addresses on Mondays and
Thursdays. We'll be bringing this to the Council for formal action. As I
mentioned earlier, on top of the March 17th emergency drought regulations,
Governor Brown declared a statewide mandatory 25 use reduction. Our
reduction target has been increased from 20 to 24 percent from the 2013
usage levels. The State Board is expected to act on those new emergency
water use regulations by May 7th. Mandatory reduction targets would
become effective on June 1st. As you know, we already have water use
regulations in place that restrict water use and some uses of clean, drinking


04/20/2015                                                             117- 313
