                          TRANSCRIPT
of facilities are what we call Tier 2 wireless facilities. They would go through
a more rigorous process. They would apply to co-locations that don't meet
that definition of substantially alter. In other words, for private property it
would be an installation that would go more than 20 feet than the existing
installation; for right-of-ways it would be a facility that's greater than 10 feet
above existing. The review that we're proposing for that is an Architectural
Review, and any Architectural Review would be appealable to the Council.
Finally, we have our Tier 3 permits. These are for any new facility. With
this, we're proposing the most rigorous review. We would apply both
Architectural Review, and we would also require a Conditional Use Permit.
We would also require that the applicant provide simulations that will show
the level of additional height that the facility would be entitled to under the
Spectrum Act, so that the community can see potential for growth. Those
are the three levels of permits. The ordinance also contains some additional
features. We've updated the definition of wireless communication facility. It
mainly tracks now the Federal law in this area, and it contains a state of the
art definition. We have included some concrete development standards and
some concrete conditions of approval. Again, these development standards
and conditions of approval were incorporated into the ordinance in large part
if we were to get a Tier 1 facility that was not acted on in the 60 days and
we're facing a "deemed approved" situation, these conditions of approval
would attach regardless of whether there was formal action.                It's an
additional safeguard for the City. With respect to our recommendation, we
are recommending adoption of the ordinance. We also are recommending
that there is an existing work plan item that involves the siting of a
standalone wireless tower. I believe that was in connection with some
thought that carriers would like to locate on a large standalone tower and
that would alleviate the need for multiple sites within the City.              Our
assessment at this point is that that would not alleviate those multiple
requests. There is such an insatiable demand right now for data that just
one standalone tower is probably not going to satisfy that. There was also
some concern about the siting of that particular tower and the height it
needed to be to accommodate all of that capacity. At this point, Staff
recommends that that effort be put on hold, and it can be revisited at a later
time. We also have Commissioner Gardias from the Planning Transportation
Commission, who would like to make a few comments about their review.

Przmek Gardias, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Silver, Madam
Mayor, Vice Mayor, Council Members, Przmek Gardias, Planning and
Transportation Commission. With a few words, I would like to support this
ordinance as it was prepared for your review and approval today. It was
supported and approved by my colleagues unanimously. We reviewed it and
we found the reasons that it should be a subject of your approval as well.
There were a couple of comments that we make during the review process
                                                                            Page 29 of 67
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 06/29/15
