                         TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Burt: Okay. I'm trying to interpret. I can't see from the
map the green area and where it goes down to.

Ms. Sullivan: Yeah, sorry. My map happens to be in black and white, so I
can't see it either. I can follow up and get that information. I think the
Peninsula area is basically—I think they're sort of including between San
Mateo and like Mountain View. I can't recall though.

Council Member Burt: The reason I asked is trying to get a handle on what
portion of these workers for Downtown might be candidates for VTA passes.
I thought we were going to do some kind of a survey of at least those
workers that we really have a handle on, which is our City Hall employees.
Have we done any kind of a survey on both where they live and whether
they might be candidates for using VTA Eco Passes?

Ms. Sullivan: From the same EMC survey, we do have the ZIP Code data
from City Hall employees as well as from the other employers that
participated in the survey. The Eco Pass discussion has mostly been focused
at the level of the TMA versus focus on City Staff. Because we're looking
down this path of doing personalized trip planning, we have been in
discussions with VTA about potentially getting discount bulk passes for TMA
steering committee members and their employees which would include City
Staff.

Council Member Burt: Good. I didn't see that in the TMA report at all.
That's why I'm probing on it. Can we receive some kind of a follow-up as to
what's happening there, a brief summary or informational report?

Ms. Sullivan: Sure.

Council Member Burt: Great. I did want to talk about the high likelihood
that we're going to have two different steps of disruption that'll occur at
each phase of the RPP program. I think it's inevitable. We simply don't
know how many people will come out of parking in the neighborhoods, even
in Phase 1 where we're not selling to Stanford and employees, people who
don't work Downtown and businesses who don't register for the Business
Registry; although, I think they'd choose to quickly do that. We'll have that
disruption. When we reduce the number of passes further in the second
phase, we'll have another disruption. I think we simply need to anticipate
that. Then the adjustments to that will occur at two levels: things that we
can do once we understand the degree of the problem and where it lies, and
adjustments hopefully that will be made by those workers that will reduce

                                                                      Page 21 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
