                         TRASNCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you again, Vice Mayor Schmid. As we indicated in our
response to your Council questions, we do have a locally generated
projection of housing and population based on our historic track record of
unit production. That's what we're using in the Comprehensive Plan Update
and all our planning exercises. That's what we'll give to the parks and open
space folks for their use.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Oh, okay. From 1970 to 2014, the average rate of
population growth in Palo Alto has been 0.4 percent. Is that what we're
using?

Ms. Gitelman:      We're using the annual unit production, average unit
production to get us a projection of housing growth. From there, we get to
population. We have a methodology on the population side. We don't have
an equivalent local methodology that's defensible on the jobs side, which is
part of the reason we've structured the EIR around these scenarios. It'll
allow the Council to test and choose between these various jobs projections.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Are we using the time period 1970 to 2014?

Ms. Gitelman: I'd have to look back into the Housing Element that we
adopted in November of last year to tell you exactly what the timeframe is,
but it's in there. I can look that up as we go on.

Mayor Holman: Just to do a little bit of a time check here. We are at 11:00.
I think we have the issue of the hierarchy that Council Member DuBois
brought up earlier, that we have not actually acted on.

Council Member Berman: What are we doing?

Council Member Burt: Why don't we look at ...

Mayor Holman:    And then we haven't gotten to our vision statements yet
either.

Council Member Burt: We have a choice on this hierarchy, whether we put it
in the implementation section which means we would not have to go through
a big debate about it tonight. We're still going to address the issue, but we
don't have to resolve it tonight.

Mayor Holman: I could agree with that.

Council Member Berman: I can agree with that too. What is our plan on
how to attack this at 11:00 at night?

Council Member Burt: It'll be determined by a motion.
                                                                      Page 98 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
