                          TRANSCRIPT
for the garages and the surface lots. I hope that those people also are
obligated to participate in the Business Registry in order to get a permit to
park in the garages and the surface lots, the same way they have to park in
the neighborhoods. Maybe that is built into this, but I cannot tell from the
report you got. If that's not part of the Business Registry interface with the
permit parking, then that's a serious omission. I hope you'll fix that this
time if it's a problem. I really don't know. The third thing I'd like you to do
is I hope you'll reflect back on what you passed in the first phase. Are you
happy with the way Phase 1 was designed and launched? I ask you to have
a discussion about that so you're not making the same shortcomings on the
launching of Phase 2. I think you didn't dig into the real detail of Phase 1.
The penalty for not participating is trivial. In fact, one of the leading
members of the permit parking stakeholder group openly defies participation
in the Business Registry. He particularly ought to be fined triple for not
participating, if indeed he still does not participate. The velvet glove
approach has a limit, and I hope you'll deal with it tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: We have a second speaker, Bob Moss.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I think the
Staff recommendations for action are kind of amorphous. Just saying we're
going to enhance capabilities; we're going to outreach more to the
businesses and so on is kind of generic. The outreach we've done so far
hasn't done the job. About a third of the businesses have refused to
register. I'm not confident that those that have registered have given us
completely accurate information on things like number of employees,
parking, traffic counts and so on. I think we have to have something a little
more encouraging, if you will, to get the businesses to actually register.
Right now the fee for registering is $50; the fine for not registering is $50.
If they do nothing, it makes no difference. At the very least, the fine for
failure to register after being asked to register once or twice should be
significant, several hundred dollars. Maybe after they've refused a couple of
times, a thousand dollars. If you don't give them an incentive to actually
act, the people who don't want to register won't register. You never know
what's going on. Second, there has to be some way of verifying the data
they give you. I understand one of the things that has been omitted is how
many square feet they occupy. Very few of the businesses are willing to say
that. They know how much they're occupying because they're paying rent
or they own the building. There should be a way to find out what the space
is that they're occupying so we have some idea of what the actual
employment density is. The figure that the Staff has been using for many
years of 250 square feet per employee, as you know, is much too few
employees per 1,000 or 250 square feet. Currently, especially in Palo Alto
with the high office rents, it's probably 100 to 150 square feet per employee.
                                                                        Page 13 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
