                          TRANSCRIPT
those two bookends, Tier 1 and Tier 3, and recognizing that the amount of
chemicals and the type of chemicals that could occur in Tier 2 could be as
high as those that are identified in Tier 3. What that meant to us is that the
reporting and noticing requirements should be as great as Tier 3. I'll
present that in a chart in just a moment. From the Council's perspective
again, what I wanted to do is just reiterate again this whole direction of
trying to identify similar uses with similar hazards and acknowledge that, by
reviewing the various inventory forms, we were essentially putting on
blinders in terms of the locations and the types of different businesses.
What we started to do was screen and look at those facilities with hazardous
materials.     This is where we started with the roughly 420 different
businesses within Palo Alto. The next step was to take a look at those types
of hazardous materials that pose a human health risk. We are specifically
looking at chemicals that produce a health effect, so there might be an
acutely hazardous reaction within a relatively short time. What this would
exclude are those types of facilities that might have physical hazards,
flammables, corrosives, things like that. We are really zeroing in on those
that create health hazards. In order to identify those again, we isolated
those facilities that have toxic, highly toxic or extremely hazardous
substances. I'll get to this note in just a moment. Finally, in terms of trying
to identify the appropriate quantities, since we already had established
quantities from Tier 1 and Tier 3, in CUPA and Cal ARP, we were identifying
for Tier 2 a quantity of toxic, highly toxic or extremely hazardous substances
that fell within those two quantity amounts. The important thing is that we
have not gone out of our way to be particularly creative. We haven't
introduced any new concepts, new definitions for hazardous materials, new
classifications of hazardous materials. We've been very cautious and careful
about relying upon existing definitions and classifications of hazardous
materials. The notion of using toxic and highly toxic as a type of hazardous
material of particular interest, it's really rooted in the Uniform Fire Code
which has been adopted by the State of California and subsequently adopted
but amended by the City of Palo Alto. The toxic and highly toxic substances
have very specific definitions within the Fire Code, and they speak to the
lethal dosage from various epidemiological studies and studies on laboratory
animals. The other thing that's important about the toxic and highly toxic is
that they also are consistent with the City's Building Code. The Building
Code references toxic and highly toxic substances in a Building Code group
called High Hazard Group 4.          There are certain building requirements
associated with these particular chemicals.          The extremely hazardous
substances are derived from Federal regulations, in particular Code of
Federal Regulations Part 355, Appendices A and B. These are referred to as
acutely hazardous materials in the City's Fire Code.              In terms of
summarizing what all this means in terms of going through all the various
inventory forms, if you take a look at the types and quantities of hazardous
                                                                            Page 44 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
