                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: It's a small site. The property to the south, it looks like
they have a parking lot or parking places. Will that remain as is? This site,
which is a bicycle thing, will remain at the side of a parking lot?

Mr. Sing: There's no proposed change to that condition.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It doesn't show it in any of the pictures. It looks so
nice and park-like and rural, but it will be next to an active driveway.

Mr. Sing: Yes.

Mayor Holman: As Council Member Burt said, this has been a long time
coming. It looks to be a great project. It's nice to have pedestrian access
off the street. It's a project that looks to be easy to support. The motion on
the board is to approve the Site and Design Review and Conditional Use
Permit to allow the construction of the proposed pedestrian and bicycle
pathway and associated site improvements based on the findings and
conditions of approval contained in the Record of Land Use Action. I do
wonder if the motion should include the address of 4261 El Camino Real-
Wilkie Way path. Council Member Burt, I presume you'd be okay with that
addition.

Council Member Burt: Sure.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the end of the Motion, “for the property
located at 4261 El Camino Real along the Wilkie Way Path.”

Mayor Holman: With that, we'll vote on the board. That passes on an 8-0
vote, Council Member DuBois absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

21.   Consideration of Impasse and Factfinding Recommendation Regarding
      RPP Enforcement Staffing, Approval of Three-Year Contract to Serco,
      Inc. for $1,509,630 for Contract Enforcement for the Downtown
      Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Program, Approval of a Budget
      Amendment Ordinance 5336 Entitled, “Budget Amendment Ordinance
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in the Amount of $378,000 To
      Appropriate Funds for the First Year of the Contract,” and Adoption of
      Resolution 9535 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending the Administrative Penalty Schedule for Violation of the
      RPP Program.”



                                                                         Page 38 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
