                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Young: I believe that's correct, but Staff should confirm.

Council Member Scharff: If you are not granted the DEE tonight, if the
Council turns you down for that, I want to confirm that the building would
look the same; it would have no roof terrace because you can't get access
legally by Code. There would be no architectural element. It would just be
a flat roof without it. Right?

Ms. Young: You'd still have the elevator overrun, because it’s a physical
requirement of the piece of the equipment, and it's something that's allowed
in the Zoning Ordinance. You'd also still have ...

Council Member Scharff: How high would the elevator overrun be?

Ms. Young: Approximately 5 feet.

Council Member Scharff: It would be 5 feet rather than 10 feet, because
you're going from 37 to 47.

Ms. Young: The elevator extends beyond the stairs. The stairs are 10 feet
above the 37 feet, and then the elevator is approximately 5 feet beyond
that. You would still have the mechanical roof screens for the mechanical
equipment that is located on the roof. That would become a negotiation
with the Fire Department as to whether or not they would accept not having
a full stair access to the roof. This is something that's new in the Building
Code. Any time you have a floor that's at 30 feet or higher, you're now
required to have a full stair access as per California Building Code. That may
be something that, as part of our continuing review of our Zoning Ordinance,
we may want to make allowances for, similar to the way that the elevator
overrun and the mechanical enclosure is already acknowledged as a fact in
buildings today.

Council Member Scharff: If you got rid of the rooftop terrace, you wouldn't
need a DEE. Is that correct or you would?

Ms. Young: Would not.

Council Member Scharff: You'd still be going at least 5 feet above, or 10
feet with the stairway overrun. I was confused. I'm trying to figure out if
you'd be at the same height with the tower, just no rooftop terrace.

Ms. Young: It would reduce the need for the DEE, yes.

Council Member Scharff:      You're still building the stairway out, right,
because it extends the roof. I'm trying to figure out if that's 5 feet above or
the same height, 10 feet above.
                                                                        Page 45 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
