                          TRANSCRIPT
few quantitative parts of the Comp Plan. Again, it gets back to maybe
tonight is not the night to pick a number, but how do we get to a number,
not to keep it vague.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that's an excellent point. We do have this analysis
under way of some hypothetical planning scenarios. We're hoping the
analysis will be ready for you and the CAC and the public to look at early in
the new year. Our schedule actually says January. With that information in
your hands, I think you'll be much better equipped to see the differences
and similarities between the planning scenarios and be able to make an
informed choice about what the numbers should be. I think this is heading
in a very useful direction. I think what we're saying is if you can just tell us
to look at a pacing mechanism and then, come January or when we give you
the information and analysis on the hypothetical scenarios and what they
look like, then we can talk about what these numbers should look like.

Mayor Holman: Council Member ...

Council Member DuBois: If that highlighted part was replaced with "similar
to the annual growth limit based on results of the DEIR" or something like
that?

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, is that okay with you?

Vice Mayor Schmid: No.

Mayor Holman: No?

Vice Mayor Schmid: No. We've gone through a process now of 18 months
where I've acknowledged several times that the planning and the process
conceived have been excellent, an improvement, and we have a dynamic
going. To exclude Council from having an input on numbers just doesn't
seem to make any sense and to say "we've already contracted with an
outside consultant who will give us some numbers."

Mayor Holman: I don't think that's what's happened.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can interject. Vice Mayor Schmid, I'm sorry if I didn't
speak as clearly as I could have. I think our intention is that the Council will
govern what the numbers will be. We want you to be able to make an
informed decision about a pacing mechanism that makes sense for the City.
In order to do that, we're going to bring forward some analysis of a range of
hypothetical scenarios, not because we think you'll select any particular one
of those scenarios, but because we think it will inform exactly this choice.
The Comp Plan that you and the CAC together create will fall within this
                                                                        Page 107 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
