                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois brought up the question about
music classes, guitar lessons, that sort of thing. It seems to me if you have,
which is listed here as art or dance studios, does it really need to be listed as
art, music or dance? Music is an art. I'm seriously asking. Is it the broader
definition that we could direct you to use or do we need to change the
language? I'm looking for direction.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, clearly if the Council were to adopt this
Urgency Ordinance, you would be directing us or continuing to direct us to
develop permanent changes to the Municipal Code as it relates to ground-
floor retail uses. We could look at cleanup of any of these definitions that
the Council's interested in. The question today is how much of that do you
feel is necessary to adopt an Urgency Ordinance to effectively perpetuate
the status quo and uses that you'd like to preserve.

Mayor Holman: Maybe just one correction is the 433 Hamilton on your
pipeline list. It was mentioned that that's Stanford Florist. I think Stanford
Florist was on Emerson. Is this the right address but the wrong tenant?
Which is it?

Ms. Gitelman: I think it was a florist. I apologize if we got the name of the
florist wrong.

Mayor Holman: The address is correct though?

Ms. Gitelman: Correct. It's 433 to 435.

Mayor Holman: What happened at 435 Hamilton? On disposition it says no,
but then you said there was some late information that came about. What is
that?

Ms. Gitelman: We received evidence that the City had in fact issued a
tenant improvement permit. We'll continue to look into this. It's a matter of
looking into the record and seeing if we think the conversion has legally
occurred.

Mayor Holman: I think that's my questions. I actually will have a Motion to
make when we come back, if it gets to me.

Council Member Scharff: I actually really appreciate the Staff work on this.
I want to say that. You captured pretty much the Motion that we made, and
you guys did a really good job. I also appreciate you bringing forth some of
the things that we may think about adding. I'm very pleased with the work
on this.


                                                                           Page 32 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/11/15
