                          TRANSCRIPT
Dennis Burns, Police Chief: Great question. Thank you very much, Vice
Mayor. Dennis Burns from the Police Department. Every day our police
officers begin their day and end their day here at the police station. They
come in, they get changed, they load up their vehicles, they go to a briefing.
With the advent of technology in our vehicles, essentially they're driving, as
you said, a mobile office. They don't necessarily have to come back during
the course of the day. There may be calls that bring them back into the
station. A call to meet a specific victim or a witness for an interview or to
return some property. They're not absolutely mandated to come back. In
fact, our goal is to keep them out in the field as much as possible, so they
are available to respond to calls for service. They are available to observe
and report things that are going on the community. As we acquire and
deploy more and more technology, the goal is going to be to keep them out
in the field as much, even more. To answer another part of your question,
we have minimum staffing. Minimum staffing means that we'll have at least
six officers on at all times. Along with that will be a supervisor and a watch
commander. The supervisors and the watch commanders by virtue of their
jobs, they'll be coming in to the station more often to handle administrative
tasks, to meet with other City Staff, to work with communications. The
patrol officers don't necessarily need to come back to the station, certainly
not as much as before. We've purchased a new records management
system which will allow us to go ahead and write our reports on our
computers in our cars and beam that report, once it's completed, to a
supervisor. The supervisor will review it and beam that report into our
records management system inside of our building. That's going to be
another reason we can have people out of the station. Quite frankly one of
the jobs of our sergeants is to chase the officers out and make sure they're
in the field.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I assume detectives spend more time at the office.

Mr. Burns: Excellent. They do. Depending on the nature of their job, a lot
of the jobs are more office driven and they do a lot of work on their
computers, following with fraud cases frequently. Burglary investigators,
person and crimes investigators, they tend to spend time in the station and
also in the field following up, working with the DA, going to court,
interviewing people.

Vice Mayor Schmid:      In general, your conclusion of the site is commuting
time is not an issue.

Mr. Burns: No, it is not. We'd like to have a facility which is centrally
located, that's accessible for the community, for people to get to easily. For


                                                                        Page 30 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
