                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: The first question is on leaf blowers. The Code
Enforcement person, is that their job to go around and do leaf blowers?

Mr. Keene: Yeah, they certainly could, yes.

Council Member Scharff: Do they do that currently or not?

Mr. Keene: It's a grab bag of things. It is a supply and demand issue.
There are some things that we have not forayed into, because we feel
limited in the Staff. I definitely agree that having the cops isn't the effective
way.

Council Member Scharff: We used to have the cops do it, right?              People
used to call, and the cops would go out and cite people.

Mr. Keene: Yeah. We haven't had the effort or the way to do it. We've
talked about should we license folks, the gardeners, to make it easier to
have some real teeth to this in some ways.

Mr. Perez: We had a Community Service Officer, part-time, do it. It wasn't
technically an officer.

Council Member Scharff: I thought it was a Police Officer, not a Code
Enforcement person. I remember that distinctly in the budget. If this Code
Enforcement person will deal with leaf blowers, I could support this as well.
I was completely with Council Member Burt when he said if there is stuff that
we aren't getting out and doing in terms of proactive stuff that needs to be
done, I'm not convinced that we got that information that yes—in fact I
know we didn't—we need to do the following proactive stuff and that there
are all these violations going unheard. In fact, before Council Member Burt
and Kniss made this Motion, I was going to suggest that we come back to
Council with a look at what exactly is the shortfall in this. Once you add a
position like this, it goes on forever. If we need it, we need it. If we don't,
we don't. I don't think the case was properly made at Finance. Given the
notion that we could use this for leaf blowers, I am hearing that we will get
some leaf blowers with this. City Manager, am I getting the sense that we
will get some leaf blower enforcement with this?

Mr. Keene: Yes. We may have to devise some method to do it. On the
actual ticket writing, it may involve the police. As the speaker said, there
was this idea of much more engagement, warnings, those sorts of things.
They are mostly commercial gardeners with folks working there. It's as
much an education effort. We probably have a good way to mail in
something on the enforcement side if we need to. Clearly, the leaf blower

                                                                          Page 67 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
