                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I won't accept that.

Council Member DuBois: Could I offer one comment. Maybe we're getting
hung up on the word "historical." This was trying to say things are in
context and compatible. I would offer that.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we're wordsmithing here. This is based
on what's in the Downtown Urban Design Guide. It's very much based on
that.

Council Member Scharff: If this is a compatibility issue of what's around it in
terms of a design, that's a different issue for me. I'll give you an example.
We now have that building on California Avenue which has wider storefronts.
A building next to it, you may want a wider storefront. You may not in
terms of compatibility. The market has to have some flexibility in terms of
what this looks like for retail to be successful. None of us are experts in
retail. If you require narrow storefronts and narrow doors, you could
seriously limit the types and uses of retail, and that's what we're looking for
on this. Not necessarily restaurants and eating establishments, but actual
retail. You have an independent dress person like, I forget the one that was
on California Avenue for a while. They may very well want ...

Mayor Holman: The New Leaf is there now.

Council Member Scharff: ... the wider storefront.

Mayor Holman: The New Leaf is there now. Is that the one you're talking
about?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, Leaf and Petal.

Mayor Holman: Leaf and Petal I mean.

Council Member Scharff: There are a lot of those kind of things where a
wider storefront creates the visibility that they would want.

Mayor Holman: We're getting into too much detail tonight.

Council Member Scharff: "I" is very limiting in terms of the detail.

Mayor Holman: Again this is for the P&TC to consider. I wouldn’t accept
deleting it. Council Member Wolbach, you don't get a choice on that one.
I'm not accepting that one. If you want to make it a separate Amendment,
then ...


                                                                         Page 96 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
