                         TRANSCRIPT
respectfully to consider the Staff recommendations that call for the Staff to
develop a list of storm drain and operational programs and capital
improvement projects for 2017 and beyond. I think this can effectively be
done with the involvement of the citizens advisory committee. That work
should lead to a mail-in election in the fall of 2016 to extend needed support
for the Storm Drain Enterprise Fund. I respectfully urge you to consider and
support the Staff Report on that basis. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you very much, and thank you for your work
over the years in assuring the quality of the work. That brings us back to
Council.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:       Are we on questions, comments, motions?
Where are we at right now?

Mayor Holman: Questions, comments, motions.

Council Member Wolbach: A quick question first. Item 2 on the Staff
recommendation asking for guidance. How much guidance do you need
from us?

Mr. Eggleston: I think we're referring more to the feedback from the
Finance Committee that it was a potential item to discuss whether the
committee should be appointed by the City Manager or by the Council. By
guidance, we're referring to that decision.

Council Member Wolbach: In that case, I'm happy to make a motion unless
people object. All right? I'll go ahead with my motion. I move the Staff
recommendation with the citizens advisory committee to be appointed by
the City Manager.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Wolbach. Second by, I think it
was Council Member Scharff, was in there first I think.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to:

A.   Direct Staff to work towards a Fall 2016 property owner vote-by-mail
     election to authorize imposition of property-related fees to fund the
     Storm Drainage Enterprise Fund beyond the funding term of the
     previous storm drain measure, which property owners approved in
     2005 and which sunsets in June 2017; and
                                                                       Page 96 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
