                          TRANSCRIPT
about applying that policy that we have today to our Codes. That said, the
provision is proposed here may not be perfect either, but we need to have a
standard. Again, the thing that's been driving us here is about clarity and
expectations. It's our hope that the Council will at least have a dialog about
this section, even if it doesn't make it into the ordinance in Tier 1. We could
benefit from some guidance about how to approach this. This is something
where we've got a handful of cases that are pending a conversation about
this particular item. I apologize for the length of the presentation. It's a
pretty meaty ordinance. I wanted to make sure I covered all the key points.
Thank you for your attention.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Jonathan. Thank you to Staff for bringing these
forward. You did not go over the Tier 2 items. Was that your intention, to
not go over them?

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Mayor. Yeah, I was going to let the Tier 2 items sort of
rest on their own. I felt like I was talking enough.

Mayor Holman: We'll see how far we can get.             Jim, did you have a
comment? You seemed ...

James Keene, City Manager: I would just ask that the Council consider the
fact that you have a really strong recommendation here to divide the Tier 1
and Tier 2 items. They look involved enough for when they come back. I
would just encourage you to not think about spending a lot of time on those
tonight, knowing that we're going to have to come back. Secondly, even
when we do come back, ultimately it might be worthwhile to think about is
there ever some way to parse those out over time, I mean a little bit of
time, so you don't have to feel like you've got to deal with a block of 10 or
12 or whatever it is, sort of thorny issues. I've done that. I've been in other
jurisdictions before where over a couple of meetings the council can add a
few of those sorts of things. Particularly for the folks who are less attuned
to that sort of thing, it can be an easier way to work through those issues.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I thank you for that comment. I would make one response
to that which is just there is one item in Tier 2 that actually is cross-
referencing and (inaudible) referred to in something in Tier 1. That's the
height exception for mechanical equipment. Those are very intertwined. I
have four members of the public who wish to speak to this item. Again, if
you'll come forward when you hear your name. Dan Garber to be followed
by Doria Summa.

Public Hearing opened at 7:14 P.M.

                                                                        Page 36 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
