                         TRANSCRIPT
to explain what we've envisioned in terms of the community and Council
work sessions after the Summit. Up here on this slide, you'll see at the left,
we see Council work sessions and Community work sessions happening in
parallel through the rest of this year and into early 2016. There will be an
exchange of ideas between the Council and the community as they work
through issues. The Council, as you know, has already been working on
Comprehensive Plan-related issues, retail preservation, growth management
systems and the like. That will not end with the Summit. The Council's
discussion on major issues will continue. The idea is that after the Summit
the community work sessions will convene and start focusing on policy and
program language consistent with the Council's direction. At some point
when we've made it far enough along in that community process, a revised
draft will be prepared and that will be provided to the City Council for
review. That will be the Council's opportunity to get involved in the policy
and programs that have been generated by the community work sessions.
At the end of this process, of course, there are formal public hearings. The
Council and the community sessions are focusing, as I indicated, on slightly
different levels in this process. This graphic attempts to show that the
Council's real priority in these early work sessions is on issues and ideas,
providing direction to Staff and the community members who will hopefully,
willingly, eagerly volunteer to participate in these sessions. The community
work sessions themselves will get more into the actual policy and program
language of the Comprehensive Plan. Even those sessions probably can't be
wordsmithing sessions, but maybe "policy-smithing" sessions. The idea is to
look at policy language and see which policies and programs in the current
Comprehensive Plan require updating, what new policies and programs need
to be included. What the community work sessions generate in terms of a
revised draft will be provided to the City Council. Then there will be an
opportunity for the Council itself to get into the "policy-smithing" arena and
weigh in on the policy language of the plan before we produce a final list of
changes for the public hearing process. This will be a cumulative process
along the way. It's going to be informed by significant public input, data and
analysis. This slide shows, at the bottom of the screen, some of the inputs
to the process along the way. Importantly you'll note that sometime later
this summer a draft Environmental Impact Report and Fiscal Study will be
available. That would be presented to both the public, obviously at the
community work sessions, and the City Council for some substantive review
and comment on the cumulative impacts and the policies and programs that
will arise from the mitigation that's necessary to address those impacts. The
Staff Report includes a possible schedule for work sessions, suggesting that
the revised draft would be produced in the May-June 2016 timeframe, if all
of this goes according to plan, provided there's sufficient clarity on the
choices from the Council and the policies and programs from the community
working sessions to meet that timeframe. We've always envisioned the
                                                                         Page 22 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
