                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: We felt pretty fortunate in being able to both have half of the
funding in the Development Impact Fee amount and the fact that you could
do TDRs. You had done something quite similar recently as it related to the
History Museum. I would just also say that the proposal calls for disbursing
funding over a two-fiscal-year period, evenly divided. I think if the Council
were to decide you didn't want to use TDRs, we would have to just have a
discussion. I think we should start that discussion this fall during the
Budget, as far as identifying whether there are other alternatives, so we
could have enough time to plan for that also.

Council Member DuBois: I support the $5 million, but I don't support the
use of TDRs. I have a concern we haven't had the Downtown Cap come
back to us. If you add in the TDRs, I think we're at our cap. I think we
should have a separate policy discussion on a separate date about the TDR
program in general. Tonight, I mean the way I'm looking at this is it's an
existing building, it's owned by the City, it needs upgrades. It's great to
reuse this old fire and police building. We've deferred maintenance. I think
it's important for Avenidas that they can get this $8 million in matching
funds, which will take them quite a way in their capital campaign. Also, I've
talked with Lisa. She's mentioned that this doesn't preclude a future
consideration of maybe a second location depending on what happens with
Cubberley, for example. I mean, those are kind of separate discussions. I
think it's important to point out in the Staff Report, we're currently funding
this at 10 percent of the budget. I think it's a great way to leverage our
money to provide services for seniors. Again, my main concern is the issue
of TDRs and we continue to rely on TDRs. I did have a question for the City
Attorney from the last speaker. If we view this as essentially maintenance
for the existing building, does that imply any approval of future expansion
plans?

Ms. Stump: The way the item is structured is for the Council to make a
commitment of $5 million to fund seismic and maintenance and rehab
improvements to the existing building. We think that's perfectly permissible.
They have been straightforward.        They're obviously hoping to do an
attendant project that would involve some expansion.           There will be
environmental review, and that part of it would be contingent on the
environmental review for that larger project as well as approval of Council.

Council Member DuBois: We'd be committed regardless of whether the
expansion happened or not.

Mr. Keene: No. May I interject on that? We were silent on that issue in the
Staff Report. I think that Ms. Hendrickson pointed out that—I don't want to
hold her to the way it was expressed—the expectation that this $5 million

                                                                       Page 77 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
