                         TRANSCRIPT
something that will meet the needs of the communities that I represent. In
saying that, I want to make sure that the housing issues that we've all been
struggling with, the RHNA number and the transportation funding, the
allowances and the allocations of that funding, is done in a way that
supports us. I mean, that's my priority and that's the goal that I have. I
haven't seen that we have not been fairly allocated in this county
historically. I think they have—I differ with Assembly Member Levine who
has looked at a couple of transportation problems. I think his concern is, as
we all do, why haven't they been fixed and why do we have the congestion,
and so we're not looking at it. I think they have been focusing and as I've
seen needs in particular areas they have addressed and directed the funds
to those areas.      That's really what we can—all we can expect is a
prioritization there when we have limited resources. That's what I think
we've been doing. I think this is a conversation that is going to go on for
the next year. We need to be very careful with the outcome. If you want to
jump in with thoughts or questions, please do and follow-ups too, Pat. I'll
stop there for the time being.

Mayor Holman: Maybe it would be good to like see if there are follow-up
questions to this point, then we can go ahead and get you ...

Senator Hill: That sounds great.

Mayor Holman: Just making sure that we get to Council Member Wolbach's
points. I don't know if your intention—Val Fong who is the Utilities Director
is here. I've written out some comments that maybe you'd like to address
the Senator directly if you'd like too, when we get towards the end of this.
Pat, did you want to do some follow-up to the Senator's comments having to
do with transportation?

Council Member Burt: I want to thank Senator Hill for facilitating this
meeting that he and Dan Richard and I had. What I pushed was the issues
that we as a Council had addressed, both the grade separations and then the
process by which this would go forward and trying to understand why the
urgency on the environmental clearance for this section when it wasn't
anticipated and whether they were going to insist upon that. We received
some, I'd say, constructive responses that asserted that they wouldn't rush
the environmental clearance process. If it took longer, they would do so.
They would be open to a discussion on CSS but not a commitment that they
would provide what we believed we had as an agreement under the prior
High Speed Rail plan. Mr. Richard not only acknowledged the need for grade
separations while not offering that the High Speed Rail Authority has funding
to make significant contributions to those. We both agreed that even if High
Speed Rail did not come to the Peninsula, the eventuality with additional use

                                                                           Page 5 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
