                         TRANSCRIPT
going to update it. Again, that's just my preference. We could have it as a
separate amendment if you want.

Mayor Holman: I'm tempted to second it.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm willing to let Staff carry the message.

Mayor Holman: We will be trusting Staff to take that forward.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to add to the Motion, “to include in Programs and Policies, historical
structures that capture historical moments in Palo Alto and Silicon Valley.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I wanted to start to try to address some of the
issues that a lot of folks came here to talk to us about and, I guess, offer
two amendments. The first is direct Staff and the CAC to explore policies
and programs to support more housing for seniors, particularly units in
walkable communities that allow easy access to services.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: My only hesitation is—I think this is totally fine,
but it completely belongs in the Housing Element. I just don't want to
muddy up our structure late at night. That's why my questions earlier on
had to do with the Housing Element. There are already programs in there
for seniors. It just seems like that's where this belongs.

Council Member Berman: I think the Housing Element—maybe I'd ask Staff
for some clarification here. What role is the CAC playing in the Housing
Element and its identification of specific plots for specific potential uses
versus the larger goal of trying to identify different policies that we could
make that would—I don't know what they are. That's why I'm asking Staff
and the CAC to look at it—that might lead to additional housing opportunities
for seniors. I'm not sure that it is a Housing Element. I think this would be
a perfectly reasonable place for it. I guess I'd ask Staff what direction has
the CAC been given in regards to the Housing Element.

Mr. Dennis: I think there's a couple of comments here. We have not gotten
to the Housing Element portion of this yet with the CAC. I think we were
going to develop over time with conversations with you in February, the
Council and the CAC, what that would look like. We haven't defined the
scope of that process.
                                                                       Page 93 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
