                          TRANSCRIPT
Richard Willits: Good evening, Council Members. As you've heard from
others, I'm here to speak about the single-story overlay fee waiver. I want
to add one comment to that. If you look at the fee schedule, as Dave
mentioned, cost recovery makes a lot of sense, when there's a single
individual or a company or a family who would benefit. With the fee for a
zone change for a single-story overlay, our groups are required to essentially
run their own elections. We have campaigned them; we have polled them.
They need to be polled by the City, and that's what we pay for. We pay for
an election which transfers, which is what we want to do, our ancient right of
single-story residences from the legal system of the County to the much
more capable arm of the planning group in the City. We essentially—the
victors only as I understand it—need to pay for this election. We're not a
single individual making that decision. We have to go and poll all of our
residents and bring forth an election and pay for it. I believe that that is the
only fee on the fee schedule that is of that nature. It is rarely used, but in
this case we need to use it because we feel threatened. I would ask for you
to eliminate that on the basis that it is essentially something that was
eliminated, as I understand it, in about the 17th century in England and in
the 19th century in the American south: a poll tax. We'd rather not have
that. Thank you.

Kurt Knodt: Mayor and Council. My name's Kurt Knodt. I live in 1049
Metro. That's the same neighborhood as Dave Hammond. I own a single-
story home that's right in the center circle. There's five houses, and they're
separated by a 7-foot fence, so nobody can see into the other backyards.
The main concern there is that if any of those five houses puts up a second
story, they'll encroach on the privacy of those other five houses in the area.
There are a number of ways that we've tried to preserve the neighborhood.
The Individual Review Guidelines haven't worked; we've tried that. There's
no fees associated with that. It's been a problem, particularly in the Eichler
neighborhoods. One of the important barriers to the SSO is this fee that's
associated with it. Allocating that fee to the various people is very difficult,
because everybody derives a different amount of value from that single-
story overlay. As the owner in the center with four other units there, I
might get more value from having that limitation, because I don't have to
worry about these other four houses. Another house that borders on Greer
Park doesn't have any danger of somebody building a house and being able
to look into their backyard. Everybody derives a different amount of value
from that single-story overlay. It's very difficult to allocate how much
everybody should pay. If somebody decides they don't want to pay,
managing that whole process. It was mentioned earlier, the way the fees
are done makes it very difficult as well. There's an upfront $8,000 fee. If
the SSO is established, there's an additional fee later on. It makes it very
hard for us to come together and decide how much it's going to cost and
                                                                          Page 29 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
