                          TRANSCRIPT
recommend you take that off the list, and let's explore other means of
financing it. To increase the parking deficit in Downtown is not what we're
doing at the current time. That doesn't make sense to me. The other thing
is that important to recognize that one-half of the seniors will be living south
of Oregon Expressway. To be a vital senior community, we've got to figure
out ways of either getting them there or moving some activities to other
parts of town as well.

Mayor Holman: Just one (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: May I just make a comment about TDRs?

Mayor Holman: I was going to make a clarification that TDRs due to Council
action earlier this year, TDRs have to be part.

Mr. Keene: In this particular case, it's connected to the seismic or the
historic improvements. The TDRs only provide the density; the density still
has to park itself.

Vice Mayor Schmid:     Right.   I guess the main issue is the density in the
Downtown.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. I have two questions. The first one is
I don't support using TDRs either. I think TDRs are not free money. They're
another form of selling zoning. I think the community says they don't want
us to do that anymore. I think if we're going to spend $5 million, then we
should spend $5 million. My first question is if we do that and commit $5
million out of Community Services for this, what falls off the list? What are
we giving up by doing that?

Mr. Keene: Council Member Filseth and Members of the Council, I think it's
too early to say that. You have a funded Infrastructure Plan. We are in a
period where we have been under-spending and over-collecting revenues
each year. I think that there's sufficient flexibility in the Budget over the
next two years for you to consider different alternatives, but it will be a
tradeoff one way or another. I would just harken back to I know that it's not
an exact quid pro quo, but it's a lot less money than if we were to have to
figure out how to leverage improved senior services over time in the City. If
that were really factored in, that would be another already preexisting cost
that's out there. I think it's doable.

Council Member Filseth: So TBD. That actually sort of leads into my second
question. I think spending money on senior services is a good thing. I think
                                                                        Page 79 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
