                         TRANSCRIPT
those concerns with the crosswalk, with bulb-outs. Has there been any
conversation about having a stop sign at one of those intersections?

Mr. Reich: There's been quite a bit of discussion about that. Our traffic and
transportation Staff has looked at that, and it doesn't meet the warrant to
require the stop sign.

Council Member Berman: There's meeting the warrant and then there's a
stop sign possibly being a detriment. Would a stop sign be a detriment to ...

Ms. Waugh: The transportation Staff felt that the stop sign would slow down
traffic on Park, which would overall bring down the level of service of that
intersection. You've got most of the cars on Park. If you slow them down,
you adversely affect the level of service for the overall intersection.

Council Member Berman: Level of service being ...

Ms. Waugh: The amount of delay that people are experiencing.

Council Member Berman: Some could argue in some places it might be a
good thing. I'll just throw that out there. Speaking of which, the idea of the
parking coming off of Park, I have concerns about that because of Park
being a bike boulevard and having a cut out that would be heavily traveled
with cars crossing at an area that's not the same as an intersection. Could
you guys give some sort of feedback as to why it being on Grant is more
appropriate than being on Park?

Mr. Reich: The reason you stated was precisely the main reason for that.
When you are a cyclist, you have an expectation at an intersection;
whereas, you wouldn't necessarily have that expectation in the middle of the
street where there might be a driveway. It's those driveway conflicts that
we're trying to avoid and have the traffic on the slower moving and less
traveled street, which is Grant.

Council Member Scharff: A couple of questions. First of all, you've asked us
to do two things tonight. One would be to approve the DEE, and the other
one would be to certify the Environmental Impact Report and adopt the
Resolution of Statement of Overriding Considerations, project specific
mitigation. If we do the first and not the second, what happens?

Ms. Silver: Presumably you'd have to take some kind of action on the
second piece of it.

Council Member Scharff: Assume we deny the second.


                                                                       Page 77 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
