                          TRANSCRIPT
without being worried about cars speeding. As Andrew mentioned earlier,
we've had a lot of cars driving around our neighborhood, speeding, spilling
traffic, speeding and causing accidents and luckily not killing any of our kids
that were in the street. It's very, very important that the corridor is
approved, because it's safety for our children and that's very important.
Thank you.

Ron Pyszka: Good evening. I have lived on East Charleston Road for more
than 40 years, so I have firsthand experience with traffic on the street. I
can attest firsthand that the restriping has reduced excessive speed very
significantly. I strongly support the approval of the Plan Line Concepts. I
think safety has improved. I think the final implementation of the plan will
improve safety even more. Thank you very much.

Peggy Kraft: Hello, I am Peggy Kraft. I live just off of Charleston on
Mumford Place in Palo Alto. I think this should be approved. It's a great
plan. I want to just thank—it's wonderful. Everyone has said everything I
can possibly think of. I want to thank the City, the City Council, everyone
that's been involved with this. It's been a lot of work. It's been a long time.
I appreciate all the effort that people have put into this. Thank you all very
much, and hope you approve it.

Mila Zelkha: Hi, Council. I'm a resident in South Palo Alto on Redwood
Circle in the Fairmeadow neighborhood. I live just a block away from the
Charleston Corridor. I've used Charleston my whole life. I've been strolled
in a stroller to what was Brentwood Market before it was Piazza's and rode
the bus to Gunn. My kids now bike and rollerblade to Rick's Rather Rich.
When my car's in the shop, I walk to Meissner's. I walk this walk for real. I
attended a community meeting earlier in the year and think that there are
many great design improvements to the plan. I was particularly excited
about what was happening between Nelson and Carlson, which is my
neighborhood. As I stated on April 29th, I would be more than willing to
drive a few extra yards to do a U-turn when turning into my church if I'm
coming to church from another part of the City in my car or visiting friends
at Stephenson House. I'm just thrilled to hear that the corridor has
quantitatively achieved its goals of reducing the number of very high speed
vehicles during off-peak hours by 50 percent and the number of injury bike
and pedestrian accidents. I urge you to approve the Concept Plan Line.
Thank you.

Jeff Greenfield: Good evening. I live on Waverley Street near Eastmeadow.
I support the Charleston-Arastradero Concept Plan Lines.       We have a
wonderful biking culture here. It's one of the reasons many folks choose to
                                                                        Page 88 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
