                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Val, if you can get your head through the door when you're
leaving here, have a good rest of your evening. We do have one member of
the public who'd care to speak to this item, Sea Reddy. You'll have three
minutes.

Senator Hill: Just to tell Val, if I could while the gentleman is coming up.
We'll work on the next year and the 350 amendments and changes. Let me
know and we'll talk about that. Thank you. Lisa's there, and we'll work with
Sacramento.

Sea Reddy: Thank you, Senator, for being here. You're a great asset to us.
Karen, thanks for letting me speak for a minute or two. First things first. I
think it was totally cowardly to have people killed, innocent people killed, in
the other part of the world. I think you'll agree with us that that is very sad,
very sorrow. We are going to remember it for a long time. I think we need
to do what we need to do to help them heal as well as heal ourselves. On
that tone, I do want to ask you. I work in southern California, national
assets by the beach communities here. In the '50s and '60s and '70s, we
had the conflict with Russia and all that. We were being watched as to how
to protect our assets. Now, we have national assets here in the Bay Area for
all the IP work we do. I hope you have some influence in preparing us for
anything that we don't want to hear, of course. I hope you get people ready
for things we need to do to prevent any of these things. I hope you have
that in mind. I don't really need you to help me to elaborate all that. That's
one thing I wanted to ask you. The second thing is more important, High
Speed Rail. Who really needs High Speed Rail? Many of us, we don't want
it. We don't want every 20 minutes to be woken up by a big bullet train.
We especially don't want anybody to come here from LA in three hours. We
want them to come as slowly as possible, if they want to come here. There
are airplanes; there are other things. We'll have a beautiful Caltrain. How
do we sabotage this whole project? I mean, I'm sure you can't help me on
that. The sentiment is we don't need it. We absolutely don't need it. We're
improving slowly and steadily We need to do things we need to do. There is
enough public transportation at hand that we need to fix. We don't need to
dig up our environment where we have a potential for earthquakes and
things like that. Please keep that in mind. I really think we need to think
through to see do we really have a project that's already decided and who
decided it, how we decided, how do we stop it. In LA, there used to be a
thing called 105 freeway that ran from the middle of the east-west side to
LAX. It took ten years for Jerry to get it restarted—I mean Jerry Brown—in
the '70s. I think we can delay this one too. If they want it, they can have it
50 years from now, but not on our watch. Thank you.



                                                                             Page 21 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
