                          TRANSCRIPT
shortest timeframe possible. There's other benefits Council Member Burt
started to touch on in terms of savings for residents and businesses.
Broadband revenue would be kept local to our City. I think it would really
provide a long-term asset that will serve the City well. Again, I'm focusing
on the ownership of the fiber, which is the longest lived part of the asset.
This was a big item. Obviously it's most of this book, so it's a big motion. I
was trying to strike the balance between kind of clarifying what our goals
are, reacting to the requests and kind of where we are today. Again, like I
said, we really hadn't talked about wireless. What I was trying to clarify on
the wireless side is most of Scenario 1 has to do with wireless in parks,
which wasn't very clear kind of what the investment was required to do that.
I think adding it to any remaining City buildings is easy, but I think there are
like only two on that list, so it was really about parks. Again, I don't think
there's any disagreement on the secure access for Public Safety. I do think
we should protect the 20 million until we make a decision and not start
spending it. There are ways through discussion, probably mostly with
Google, then also through ordinances like this "dig once" ordinance idea that
we could lower some of our costs to get City conduit in the ground. That's
kind of where all these different parts came from. Like I said, I am open to
amendments.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, speak to your second?

Council Member Burt: I'll use it to ask a couple of clarifying questions, then
potentially offer an amendment or two. First, you referred to ubiquitous
coverage.    One of the issues we didn't discuss earlier tonight is the
comparative cost of providing service to a fairly few number of open space
residences that are one unit per 10 acres and how much more expensive will
it be to provide to those areas. Unless Staff has a ready answer, I would
simply want to add some language that leaves open defining whether
ubiquitous means every single household regardless of cost or not.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I was thinking about that. I think, again, I
said a goal. If you want to make it stronger, to make it "most of" instead of
"all." Again, I think obviously economics have to come into it.

Council Member Burt: Why don't we say "to all" or "nearly all" Palo Alto or
we could define it as "all urban areas" and (crosstalk)?

Council Member DuBois: If you want to say "adopt a goal of reaching nearly
all"—propose the words.


                                                                         Page 48 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
