                          TRANSCRIPT
said this scenario was highly unlikely in their report. I also agree with Staff
and AECOM that the ultra extreme earthquake scenario is highly unrealistic
and, therefore, not an adequate basis on which to base land use decisions. I
also continue to work with CPI to review its chemical management program.
I'm currently reviewing its reported chemicals, and CPI will be updating that
list.   As Staff mentioned of one of the reporters, CPI has also been
conservative in its reporting of toxic and highly toxic compounds to the City
in its Hazardous Material Business Plan. Therefore, Table 2 in the Staff
Report is not accurate. Finally, I've also reviewed the proposed ordinance,
and it does not appear to have a scientific basis that supports the proposed
restrictions including that it fails to recognize that you simply can't assess a
hazard based upon its categorization and that small quantities of a chemical
that may impact someone if they ingest it would not impact an offsite
receptor if it's released onsite. There's also no explanation for the 300-foot
setback on a scientific basis or why it's only restricted to industrial areas and
not other areas within the City. I thank you for the opportunity to speak
here today, and I'm happy to answer any questions.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jennifer Johnson to be followed by Betsy Lake.

Jennifer Johnson: Good evening. My name is Jennifer Johnson, and I'm a
cofounder and principal of Canyon Snow Consulting in Las Gatos. We
recently joined the CPI team as a consultant to help improve
communications with the community. I'm also an environmental engineer,
and my Master's degree focused on air pollution. I thought perhaps I would
take a moment to share some of the assumptions and thinking that goes
into the models that are used to predict offsite impacts. I know in a City
with more PhD's than bachelor's degrees that many of you may not need
this tutorial, but I was hoping that it might provide some benefit. As you've
been hearing, offsite model impact models were run for CPI's facility by two
different teams. One scenario with normal operations showed no offsite
impacts. Another scenario during chemical delivery did show offsite impacts,
but it was during conditions above 90 degrees of outdoor temperature. CPI
does not allow deliveries at that temperature, in that weather. The third
scenario, as you heard, involved an earthquake event that was so unlikely,
but it did show offsite impacts. In addition to these conditions, there are a
lot of assumptions that get built into air pollution models. I thought I would
share three examples. First is the chemical properties, properties like vapor
pressure which is used to indicate how easily a liquid could evaporate. The
Title 19 chemicals at CPI have such low vapor pressures that they're not
even included in the models, and so we fudged it, if you will. Higher vapor
pressure values were input, so that would result in a higher likelihood or
higher volume of evaporation during a spill. The second are weather
conditions. Weather conditions during these models are usually designed to
                                                                              Page 53 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
