                          TRANSCRIPT
process for weighting the criteria. The Ordinance provides that the Planning
Director will make a recommendation directly to the City Council on the
projects that are competing in a given year, applying the criteria and
ultimately it's the Council's decision.

Council Member Burt: May I clarify something for Council Member Kniss?
The amendment is the only thing that the process does not apply to. It
doesn't need to come back to anybody.

Council Member Kniss: That I can see. I actually support that, but I needed
to know ...

Council Member Burt: That's all that's before us right now, though. We're
not ...

Council Member Kniss: Yes, but I needed to know what it referenced way
back.

Council Member Burt: It's not. It's not part of the rest.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. Thank you for that and let's vote, unless
somebody else needs to speak.

Mayor Holman: I still have a clarification. Seeing no other lights, I still have
a clarification. The amendment clearly says Council Member Burt moved,
seconded by Council Member Berman, to replace Part A in the Motion.

Council Member DuBois: Deleting the exemption.

Mayor Holman: Okay, now it makes sense. I see no other lights, so we will
vote on the board. That passes on a 7-2 vote with Council Members Filseth
and DuBois voting no. That's the amendment of course we're voting on.
That is incorporated into the Motion.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 DuBois, Filseth no

Mayor Holman: We return now to the main Motion.               Council Member
Wolbach, then Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Wolbach: If we decide to go the route of having a scoring
criteria, I think this is going in a better direction. My preference is actually
that we don't use a scoring criteria. My preference is that we actually—for
this interim Ordinance which is about getting a handle on the pace and rate
of development, this is really about quantity for the next two years, to buy
us time to focus on the Comp Plan and maybe setting up a process for
coordinated area plans and things like that. I'm actually going to make a
                                                                        Page 118 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
