                          TRANSCRIPT
term extensions is there's not enough revenue coming from the federal gas
tax to cover all the existing costs. Not raise spending, but to cover existing
spending. Congress is grappling in real time with trying to figure out how to
come up with that revenue. Do they try to raise the gas tax? Very unlikely.
Do they, as the President proposed, force a repatriation of some corporate
taxes parked overseas? Possible but yet to be determined. There are many
options, but the most extreme is to turn it all back to the states and say,
"You pay for it. We're going to stop collecting federal gas except for the
interstate system." It's real time because there were hearings last week,
there were hearings this week about where the revenue should come from.
We have been advocating over this period of time primarily for this on behalf
of the City to try to sustain if not increase funding for bicycle and pedestrian
programs. Funding for those programs were cut in MAP-21. We've been
working with Senator Boxer and her staff to try to at least preserve the 3
percent of overall funding going for these programs. Wednesday morning,
the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee has a markup, and
they're going to consider a six-year bill. There's no revenue, there's no
funding levels in it, but we're hopeful that those policy bills will include the
preservation of those bike and pedestrian funding programs. The second
issue I mentioned, and you've heard from a number of speakers tonight, is
about airport noise. In February when Mayor Holman and Council Member
Kniss were in Washington, we facilitated a meeting with the FAA, the people
who are involved in the metroplex air space redesign in northern California.
Since that time we've been in communication with City Staff, with
Congresswoman Eshoo's office. The Congresswoman has been reaching out
to the FAA Administrator, trying to open lines of communication about what
can be done. We're trying to support that and work with the Quiet Skies
caucus and the Congress, trying to help build whatever relationships and
communicate the City's concerns to these officials. There are many things
beyond our control that could affect everything we do in Washington. To
give you a good example, any day the Supreme Court could announce what
they're going to do about the exchanges and the subsidies for the Affordable
Care Act, whether that's preserved or struck down. That will create a flurry
in Congress no matter what happens.              As Thane talked about the
appropriations process, we could face a government shut down on October
1st. Congress has to raise the debt limit sometime this fall. As we talk
about priorities, they have to fit into the context of these overall dilemmas
or crises or whatever you want to call them. That's something we try to
work through all the time on behalf of the City. Thane and I are happy to
answer any questions.

Mayor Holman: I will ask one about airport noise. Our City's been in
communication with Phoenix; that's one of the communities that's been
negatively impacted by airport noise. Going to a couple of other events, I've
                                                                          Page 59 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
