                         TRANSCRIPT
Elizabeth Wong, Applicant: Basically we are not the expert in traffic. The
City has a transportation department. I was asking Rafael what are some
possibilities of handling the alley. We will work and cooperate very closely
with him to mitigate any problems that we may cause. I believe the alley
right now is basically no parking and a one-way street. I also believe that
the Zen garden created by one of the neighbors is a two-space parking that
they closed and made it into a garden. I'm not really sure if that garden,
how they can take two parking spaces and make it into a garden. I'm not
the expert in this and I will work with the City's traffic department and
Rafael, what is it that I need to do in order to mitigate any problems that we
may cause.

Council Member Burt: I first want to start with a couple of questions for
Board Member Popp, if I could. Randy, the first one is a follow-up to Council
Member Filseth's question about this exchange that is in the record from the
ARB about apprehensions on the impact of the size on the mass and scale.
You had said, if I understood you right, in your exchange with Council
Member Filseth that you subsequently worked through those issues. If I
read this correctly, this was stated toward the end of your final hearing.
What changed in the project after you made those comments?

Mr. Popp: I'm sorry. Perhaps I wasn't clear earlier. What I meant to say
was that we had worked through all these issues of massing and scale. If
you look at the record, very early on in the process I started talking about
the extraordinary FAR on this project. In addition to standard FAR...

Council Member Burt: I'm just going by the record.

Mr. Popp: No, it's fine. I don't have complete recollection of everything that
was said. What I was getting at, at the very end of this process, saying,
"Listen, we struggled with this. This has been tough." Part of what we talk
about is when other Applicants come forward, how do we want them to
handle it. I don't have complete recollection of everything that we said at
this meeting. My recollection of the intent was to say it's a lot, but we've
gotten where we need to get and we're going to vote yes.

Council Member Burt: Here's the other contextual part of that discussion as
the records shows. A couple of you, after the project had been finished in its
design, expressed concerns over that mass and scale. Then there was a
discussion with Board Member Lew saying that it wasn't his understanding
that compatibility concerns would allow the ARB to reject a project which
used TDRs to meet the numerical criteria. The implication there is that the
ARB was under an understanding that their purview and the existing Code
would not have allowed them to say, "No, you can't use that much in TDRs."

                                                                       Page 55 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
