                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part B,
Subsection (ii)(b), “with an option for expanding Wi-Fi coverage at City
facilities and public areas as part of the Request for Proposals (RFP).”

Mayor Holman: Anything else, Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: Nope. That was it.

Council Member Filseth: On Item E, the "dig once" ordinance, as I read that
it sort of sends Staff out to do a whole bunch of work and bring us back a
"dig once" ordinance. I know in the discussion leading up to this there was
some perception that actually there were a number of cities around the
country that had these things in place. We just heard from the consultants
is actually there are no precedents for this kind of thing. I'm wondering if
we're sort of—was your intent to sort of jump ahead and do an ordinance?
It seems like there's a piece of research first which is to go out and look and
see are there any cities that have these that would be a model for this or are
we making it up.

Council Member DuBois: There definitely are.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry?

Council Member DuBois: You could probably speak to it.

Ms. Hovis: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the question.

Council Member DuBois: The question is are there cities with (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: The question is—excuse me. The question is from Council
Member Filseth please.

Council Member Filseth: The basic question is are we ready to go out and
direct Staff to go develop an ordinance or do we need to do some research
and see if there are any precedents for this. I thought I heard a different
opinion from the consultant.

Ms. Hovis: The term "dig once" refers to many different things including
that when a private company has the roads open, the City could lay conduit
or fiber, that private companies could, that they have to work together to do
                                                                        Page 73 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
