                         TRANSCRIPT
people who live there; cause gentrification there and those people have to
go further and further away. Of course, a lot of Palo Altans are getting so
priced out by the rapidly escalating prices that, when they go to look in
Mountain View, Redwood City or San Jose, because the region's prices have
shot up so much, they can't even go to those cities. That's a reality that I
think we need to recognize, not to try and solve on our own, but to do our
part.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Mr. Dennis: Mayor Holman, may I just interject just for a quick moment to
one of the Councilman's points?         The CAC recently created a set of
subcommittees that are going to be doing a variety of work over the next 16
months or so.       One of the subcommittees that they created was a
sustainability subcommittee which will cut across a variety of different tasks
within each of the Elements. Based on tonight's input, we'll go back and see
if there's a need for anything additional. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: On this first go-round, we're going to discuss things
at a fairly high level. I do want to see us move from kind of sympathies and
more general statements to concrete recommendations. That's the only
value that we can really add tonight. I don't think it's just very substantial
for us to just go on about our values and sympathies. First, I'd like to touch
on something that a number of speakers have spoken about. That is how
much of this problem is inadequate increase in supply and how much of the
problem is excessive increase in demand basically from an unsustainable
rate of job growth, not only in our City but in our region. As Council Member
Wolbach mentioned, other surrounding cities are having severe housing and
housing cost problems as well. Maybe not quite as severe as here, but Palo
Alto housing has historically been more expensive than elsewhere in the
region. Hearing family stories reminds me of mine, which is my mother
lived here as a teen and could never afford to return under two teachers'
salaries. The problem has gotten worse, but the problem didn't just start
occurring in our community in recent years. When we look at the list of
housing units that are predominantly ones that have been either built or
approved. Elaine Meyer's list included some that are zoned, which kind of
confuses things. It's predominantly those that are built or approved. It
does show two things. One, we have added a lot of housing over the last
15-plus years. Interestingly by a factor of nearly 2:1, it has been in north
Palo Alto, contrary to a lot of public perception. In the early 2000s, we had
a surge in housing in south Palo Alto, and people really didn't look and
understand what has occurred each place, including predominantly our

                                                                       Page 55 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
