                          TRANSCRIPT
community and maybe have one child, at least, nearby.          Thank you very
much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming. Steve Downing to be followed by
Paula Wolfson.

Steve Downing: Council, thank you for taking the time to listen to me. I've
lived here in Silicon Valley for about ten years, worked Downtown for about
eight, lived in Palo Alto for about five. I love Palo Alto, and I want to see it
thrive. I'm here to talk about housing. A colleague of mine, this has
happened with several of my colleagues, but one in particular was on my
team. I'd been working with him very closely, told me a few months ago he
was leaving the company, leaving town. I'm a huge advocate for Palo Alto.
Sitting with him over beers, I asked him what was going on, what was
behind this. I was fully ready to be an advocate for whatever was wrong.
He told me, and he's in his 40s, that he would like to own a home someday.
I had nothing for him. This is to say nothing about the people who are not
making professional, white-collar money. This area is the headquarters of
America's flagship technology companies. More importantly than that, it's
their cradle. The housing throttling that I've seen happen here weakens the
City, weakens the country thereby. I urge Council to talk to the CAC about
what can be done to alleviate the housing crisis. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Paula Wolfson to be followed by Andrew Brackenberry.

Paula Wolfson: Good evening. Hi, I'm Paula Wolfson and I'm actually the
manager of social work services at Avenidas, our neighbor down Bryant
Street. I could not not testify tonight. I've been at Avenidas for three
years. Prior to that, I've lived mostly in Washington, DC, on Capitol Hill.
There's a housing crisis there too, especially older adults and younger people
who want to stay together. I'm not here to talk about stats or quote any
geographic, demographic results from surveys. I just want to tell you some
stories about my day. These include phone calls, personal consults, home
visits. People are being split up. Seniors are leaving. Older adults are
leaving. They're going to Portland, Oregon. They're going to the Midwest.
They're going to places where they were raised, and where they still perhaps
have friends or family from their childhood, because they cannot afford to
stay here. They cannot afford the cost of private caregiving in the home.
The hourly rates here are between $25-$35 for caregivers. All of the
community care facilities have waiting lists, and they're very, very
expensive. They're for people with discretionary income, $10,000 or more
per month when you really figure in all the add-ons for incontinence care,
transportation to the doctor. I've only been here three years, and I'm really
confused. I'm wondering what the vision is of Palo Alto in this community.

                                                                         Page 43 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
