                          TRANSCRIPT
electronics, considering both Google in the market and without Google in the
market.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, do you need to speak any further
to your amendment?

Council Member Berman: No.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, as seconder?

Council Member Scharff: I just want to say that I think Jonathan's been
very persuasive on the issue, especially on the issue of who's going to give
us good information until they know where the market is. Us waiting to look
at this in the first quarter of 2016, I think we'll get better information than if
we do it now based on what Jonathan just said.

Mayor Holman: Are there any Council Members who care to speak to this
amendment? Seeing none, vote on the board please. I'm sorry. Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Sorry to weigh in so last minute on this one. It
just came pretty quick and I was expecting more debate over this one. Just
looking at the email that we received, er, the message we received from Jon
Foster who, of course, is also Chair of the Public Utilities Commission, er,
Utilities Advisory Commission. It looks like his—it was at places and we also
received it by email. Towards the end of his message, he basically says that
his sense or depiction of the UAC recommendation was to direct Staff to
evaluate the option of offering a City-owned FTTP network to all Palo Alto
households and businesses as a public benefit. Is that different enough from
what's in "G" that that might be acceptable to both the maker of the motion
and maker ...

Council Member Burt: That's a concept (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: ... or is that still too vague?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman?

Council Member Wolbach: Is that too vague for DuBois or too specific for
Berman?


                                                                          Page 65 of 130
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/28/15
