                            MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach indicated the minimum wage was approximately
$10 per hour.

Vice Mayor Schmid would support the Motion. A cost of living increase was
allowed under State guidelines. As an economist, he assumed there would
be a marginal increase in the number of moderate income people who might
consider running for the Council.

Council Member Scharff would not support the Motion. It was difficult to
deny 5-percent raises to employees if the Council gave itself a 40 percent
increase. People wished to serve on the Council as a form of public service.

Council Member Filseth was inclined not to support the Motion. The current
compensation limited the pool size of candidates for the Council. However,
the proposed increase was not likely to make a significant difference in the
pool size of candidates. Health insurance benefits provided to Council
Members constituted a raise in compensation.

Council Member Berman would support the Motion. Raising Council Member
salary to minimum wage was logical. Larger measures could better ensure
more people campaigned for the Council.

Council Member DuBois largely agreed with comments of Council Members
Scharff and Filseth. Increasing Council Member salary was not a good idea.

Council Member Wolbach requested the rationale to make the effective date
January 1, 2017. If an increase was effective in 2019, the existing Council
would be voting an increase for future Council Members.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that the time was partly a legal issue.
There needed to be some Council Member stand for election or reelection
between the time the proposal was made and it became effective. 2017 was
the earliest time the proposal could take effect.

Mayor Holman had supported some type of increase for quite a while. The
proposal was a feasible and reasonable action to ensure diversity of the
Council. The current hourly rate for Council Members was $3.49. She did
not support full-time paid positions for the Council, but neither should
service be a hardship. Council Members were not required to accept
compensation from the City. The Ordinance did not address a compensation
increase for the Mayor and Vice Mayor.

Ms. Stump reported compensation for the Mayor and Vice Mayor could be
found in two sections of the Municipal Code.



01/20/2015                                                           216- 355
