                          TRASNCRIPT
of that parcel. Right now it kind of keeps it separate from the rest. It's just
cost prohibitive. It would be probably millions of dollars to do that. I'm just
going to say again to please approve our recommendation. Thank you.

Herb Borock:        Mayor Holman and Council Members, Commissioner
Markevitch repeated the Commission's recommendation for a one-year lease
with Acterra as stated in your Staff Report. It's just now at the last minute
that Staff is telling us that they signed a five-year lease renewal. As
Acterra's representative said, they have good relations with Staff. What
comes first are the City's organic documents including its Charter and the
use of parklands. I support the Staff recommendation and the Parks and
Rec's recommendation, because it gives Acterra the opportunity to locate
and secure an alternate location that is not dedicated to park purposes, so
that Acterra can continue its commercial restoration projects in San Mateo
and Santa Clara Counties that remove non-native plants, re-vegetate open
space areas with natives and educate residents how their gardens can
support native flora and fauna. Acterra has been able to use the 7.7-acre
area that has been recently dedicated to parkland and added to Foothills
Park, because the previous City Manager neglected to seek park dedication.
Acterra's commercial business had expenses in the fiscal year ending
June 30, 2014 of $655,399. They clearly have the financial resources to
secure an alternate location, or Acterra may be able to use a location owned
by one of its other customers, for example, Google or the Midpeninsula
Regional Open Space District. Google is the Acterra customer located
closest to Acterra's office on East Bayshore Road. The Midpeninsula Open
Space District properties in Palo Alto cannot be dedicated to parkland by the
City Council because the City does not own or control them. Further, the
Council approved the Open Space District's request to remove Open Space
District land from the Williamson Act restrictions and protection to give the
Open Space District the flexibility to use its land for other purposes. It
seems to me that during this period when the study is being done, I hope it
would be a transition period where Acterra can find an alternate location
that's not on dedicated parkland to run its commercial business that at least
in the previous year was a $655,000 business. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. That was our final speaker under this item. We
turn to Council Members now. I have Council Member Wolbach. I'm sorry,
Council Member Wolbach was second. Council Member DuBois was first.
Questions and comments.

Council Member DuBois: I'll be real brief. I did take one of the tours, and I
participated in the brainstorming. There was a great turnout. In the report,
there was kind of two timelines on the hydrologist study. There's page 4
that suggests it'll be done in basically a year from today. Page 7 which it
                                                                        Page 50 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
