                          TRANSCRIPT
Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Yes. Good evening ...

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Mr. Sartor: ... Mayor Holman and Members of the City Council.

Mayor Holman: Excuse me just for a second. Could members of the public
please move to the lobby for your conversation, so that we can conduct
business? That would be really appreciated. Thank you. There you go,
Mike.

Mr. Sartor: All right. Again, good evening, Mayor Holman and Members of
the City Council. I'm Mike Sartor, Public Works Director. We're here to
present to you tonight a recommendation to establish interim minimum
standards and fees for the Palo Alto Airport operations. Just as a quick
introduction. When Palo Alto took over the airport last August, there were
no minimum standards in place as the County of Santa Clara had not done
this. Although Staff is recommending interim minimum standards at this
time, we fully intend to conduct an open stakeholder-involved process to put
into place permanent minimum standards for airport operations. We'll start
that process early next year. Next slide, Andy. Real quickly, interim
minimum standards are needed at Palo Alto Airport to preserve the airport
as a community facility that serves the City and neighboring communities.
It would also ensure a minimum level of aeronautical services and facilities
for airport users. Next slide. It would promote safety in all airport activities,
maintain a higher quality of service for airport users, protect airport users
from unlicensed and unauthorized products and services, and provide a clear
and objective distinction between service providers and will provide
satisfactory level of service (inaudible) knows it will not. In relation to the
fees that we have modified, there are no increases or decreases in fees at
this point. If you look at the redlined copy that's attached to your Staff
Report, you'll see that we've removed services that are not applicable to
Palo Alto Airport, recognizing that these fees were put in place by the County
of Santa Clara at that time. We've removed the monthly and annual fee for
aircraft charter companies and kept the per operation rate structure for
landing fees. Lastly, we've removed monthly parking permits for RVs,
trailers and other oversized vehicles as we no longer provide permits for
those types of vehicles. With that, I'm open to any questions that you may
have. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We do have four members of the public who'd
care to speak to this item. Amy Christel to be followed by Mark Shull.
Again, if the second speaker would come to the front, that would be helpful.


                                                                              Page 86 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
