                          TRANSCRIPT

then the plan was adopted in 2012. I think it's apparent there's a few
important areas where we can make improvements, but they're not in that
Bike Plan. I think the City Staff and Council can think about ways of adding
a few more areas. I have a couple of ideas, but maybe there's some others
as well. One is that the Newell Road bridge plan connects a bike path on the
Palo Alto side, but the bike bridge over 101 that East Palo Alto is building
does not include bike lanes. The EIR doesn't include enough roadway width
to really fit standard bike lanes. That may be worth addressing. Second, as
the example, on south California, south of El Camino Real, there's nothing in
the Bike Plan. No one brought it up at the time. Actually there's Stanford
housing go in at the end of south California, and they're building a bike lane
partway up the street, and then there's a gap. It's not in the Bike Plan to
actually close that gap in the bike path. We should think about what's the
process for making amendments to that Bike Plan to move forward. I'm
glad to see the progress on the plans. I'm enjoying the improvements on
Meadow and on El Camino Way every day. It's far safer than it was just four
years ago. I'd encourage the City to move forward as quickly as possible on
detailed designs, maybe by doing more of the design in-house instead of
contracting out. Maybe that's a way we can move forward more quickly and
maybe develop design expertise with the existing Staff with the City.
Finally, I wanted to mention Vision Zero. Vision Zero is this idea of we
should figure out how to minimize the number of traffic accidents and
fatalities, serious injuries that happen in automobiles, bicycles and
pedestrians. I think the first part of that is getting good data. Mountain
View and San Jose are moving forward with this. Mountain View now is
presenting quarterly a list of all the serious accidents—I'm off time—and so
is San Jose. It's a good way to see what we can do to move forward.
Finally, thank you for putting the transportation department onto the PA 311
system. I'll use it.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our next speaker is Cedric de la Beaujardiere,
who comes to us fresh from Make a Difference Day and a major Canopy
planting. Thank you, Cedric.

Cedric de La Beaujardiere: Thank you. Thanks for coming out to the
Canopy planting at Bol Park. I don't have much. Park Boulevard, I'm kind
of concerned about the new development that's there. I mean, it looks
beautiful, but I'm afraid it's going to dump a lot of traffic onto Park which is
a main access way. I was thinking that if there's any changes we want to
make to Park, we might want to do them as quickly as we can so that new
residents that come to live there know what they're getting into. They don't
like move in, and then we say, "We want to put a bunch of speed bumps."
                                                                          Page 25 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
