                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think maybe Council Member Filseth was heading
in this direction, but perhaps not, which is what has been the success of
other cities. I'm just looking through the report. I'm not seeing—is there
something in here on other cities that I'm not seeing?

Mr. Fehrenbach: There is a survey that we did of other cities. That
particular question was fairly difficult for other cities to give us accurate
answers for. I did speak to some consultants, some companies that do
enforcement/compliance type work. They feel it is possible to get to 90, 95
percent with significant enforcement action. Of course, hiring one of their
firms was what they were suggesting. Essentially, it is to have people on
the street, people making phone calls and really having a presence that's
continuous to ...

Council Member Kniss: Sounds like those car repossession businesses,
doesn't it? Very interesting. Is your sense then that other cities have had
this same very slow start-up, difficulty getting registers to register and so
forth? Are we out of the norm or is this pretty much a usual pattern?

Mr. Fehrenbach: To be frank, I know of no other city that has recently
launched their program. Most other cities that we've surveyed certainly
their programs are long established. They're really not trying to launch a
program and do a discovery phase. The only information I have about that
kind of question is really what I was able to glean from those folks who do
the type of compliance work that I spoke of earlier.

Council Member Kniss:      I don't remember how long ago a BLT was
considered. I've wondered, as we went forward with this, whether or not
some may think this is a precursor to that and, therefore, are uneasy about
registering.

Mr. Fehrenbach:    That's certainly some feedback that we've heard from
several folks.

Council Member Kniss: That wouldn't surprise me at all. I don't think
there's any way to reassure people that will never happen. This is one
particular Council, but another Council could decide that was a terrific way to
go. Beyond that, I think other than a fining situation, maybe it's just a long
slogging process that's going to take a fair amount of time, and one that you
just have to persist in pursuing, which doesn't sound very action-oriented, I
realize. I'm not quite sure what else we could suggest as a Council, other
than you could increase the fines to far more than what they are now.
Somehow that seems pretty pejorative in a community that is like this
                                                                        Page 15 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
