                              MINUTES
12.   Approval to Cast Ballot for Council Member Liz Kniss for Vice President
      of the Peninsula Division Executive Committee of the League of
      California Cities.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 DuBois, Scharff absent

Action Items

13.   Appeal of Director of Planning and Community Environment’s
      Individual Review Approval of a New Two-Story Home located at 3864
      Corina Way (Continued from February 2, 2015).

Amy French, Chief Planning Official, reported the project was a two-story
home in an R-1 (single-family residence) Zone and a flood zone. The site
was currently a vacant lot. The street-side property line was located along
the cul-de-sac. The front property line was located along Corina Way. The
Municipal Code required notice for Individual Review (IR) projects to be
provided to abutting properties only. Staff sent four courtesy notices to all
properties within a 150-foot radius of the property. Building setbacks were
determined in accordance with appropriate Palo Alto Municipal Code
sections. The appellants owned a pie-shaped lot adjacent to the subject
property. The Appellant's rear setback was measured from the rearmost
point of the lot. Staff did not approve the original design submitted July
2013 given the scale, mass, and height of the proposed design. The
Applicant revised plans and met with neighbors prior to submitting revisions
in August 2014 and again in October 2014.              The project was a
contemporary, two-story home. The design changed significantly over time,
including reducing height and mass, adjusting the second floor toward the
cul-de-sac, increasing setbacks, obscuring second-floor windows, and
providing greater articulation and landscaping. The revised design met IR
Guidelines. The Record of Land Use Action set forth the IR Guidelines and
the determination that the project met those Guidelines.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, mentioned that the Council
needed to adopt a Record of Land Use Action. Five votes would be needed
to grant the appeal and affirm the Director's decision or to deny the appeal
and overturn the Director's decision.

Mayor Holman requested disclosures from Council Members.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that traditionally Council Members had
not disclosed visits to the project site; however, it would be a good idea to
do so.

Mayor Holman asked if a visit to the site would include driving by it.

02/17/2015                                                               117- 7
