                          TRANSCRIPT
while including that more comprehensive historical data. By having the
department data tables, it allows users to continue to see performance on a
department-by-department basis, but the themes and subthemes provide a
Citywide picture of programs or activities that are interrelated or have some
overlap. In collaboration with the City Manager's Office, we categorized
performance into three themes and ten subthemes, as shown on this slide.
Those are the main chapter of the report, Chapter 2. The report covers July
1, 2013 through June 30, 2014, which is Fiscal Year '14. It includes
performance data and comments regarding significant changes in data that
the departments provided to us. We compared those performance measures
with those in the Operating Budget. This is a transition year from the old
format to the new format. As the City Manager is working towards aligning
departments' work plans with performance, we will get more in sync with
what we are including in the report. so it's measuring the performance that's
important to the activities they're performing.              We compared the
performance measures with the Operating Budget. We identified some
interesting things that helped us realize the need to align those measures
better. Forty-nine of the measures that were previously in the report
departments used to manage performance and were in the budget. One
hundred eighty were used to manage performance, but they weren't in the
budget book. There were 24 in the budget book that aren't being used to
manage performance. More significant, 129 of the measures we were
reporting in the Performance Report each year were not in the budget, and
they weren't used to manage performance. It was a helpful exercise to help
us figure out where to streamline the report and pull out measures that
weren't being used by anyone to manage performance. However, the data
tables still include that information. It's just not in the graphs. We collected
financial data primarily from the Office of Management and Budget and City
budget documents. That financial data is not adjusted for inflation. If
anyone wants to do that, we do include a CPI index for the San Francisco-
Oakland-San Jose area on page 3 of the report. As a point of reference, for
the ten years of data the CPI would have been measured at 202 as of June
2005, but had climbed to 253.3 as of June 2014.                    We collected
benchmarking data from various external sources, such as the State, the FBI
and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission. Before we produced the
report, we sent the drafts to the departments, and they reviewed them for
accuracy. The Performance Report is designed to meet the needs of multiple
stakeholders.      For you, the City Council, it bridges the financial and
operating performance to support the policy decisions that you make. For
City management, it helps them assess the efficiency and effectiveness of
their operations, and it supports performance management which is a key
goal that the City Manager is working towards. For residents, it provides
transparency and accountability regarding City operations.             It helps
residents determine if the City is spending its money responsibly. Moving
                                                                          Page 2 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
