                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I'll move to deny the DEE.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to deny the Design Enhancement Exception (DEE).

Mayor Holman: Hopefully, we're not at motions quite yet.

Council Member Filseth: I'm sorry. I thought both questions and discussion
(crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Questions and comments you could.

Council Member Filseth: I haven't seen a compelling reason to grant the
DEE. Pat used the word liberal. It takes a contortionistic argument to argue
that the DEE proposed meets even the letter of the Code, let alone the spirit.
Codes are supposed to define what we as a community want in our
community. It almost seems like we're jumping through hoops to use the
Code to justify something that we want that isn't consistent with what the
Code is, which is 37 feet. It also seems like we've seen a number of
projects over the last several months that are Code-plus, if I could say that.
They go to the limit of the Code, and then they say, "By the way, if you give
us a variance, we'll put this other thing on top of it that's nice." It feels a
little bit like we're being gamed, almost. I don't think it's a good process.
The DEE doesn't meet Code; it's 35 percent too high. If we don't follow our
Codes, then we don't have Codes. I haven't seen a compelling reason for
the DEE, so I'm not going to support that one either.

Mayor Holman: Is your motion at this point in time just to deny the DEE? Is
that all there is to your motion?

Council Member Filseth: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: I raised the issue earlier, and you said we were
just doing comments.

Council Member Filseth: If I may (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: I'm just saying that we need to do one or the
other. It's not right to change it in the middle. We either have to set a
process and follow it, which is what this meeting is all about.

Mayor Holman: Comments and questions and motions oftentimes come with
comments.

                                                                        Page 82 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
