                             MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach asked if the reference of Subsection (C) to
Subsection (B) meant Subsection (C) included the flexibility of "such as."

Ms. Nanda remarked that it could be interpreted in that manner. It was
interesting that the list of amenities was the same in both subsections;
however, one subsection utilized "such as" and the other "access to."
Because the list of amenities did not stretch to schools, Subsection (C)
referring to Subsection (B) did not mean schools were included in
comparable housing.

Council Member Wolbach asked if Ms. Nanda agreed that Subsection (C)
referred to Subsection (B).

Ms. Nanda responded yes, to the extent that Subsection (C) stated a
comparable mobile home in a comparable mobile home park and there was
a definition of that in Subsections (A) and (B).

Council Member Wolbach agreed that the Ordinance did not explicitly state
school, Palo Alto Unified School District, school district, or value of local
education. He was unsure how the City Attorney's failure to include one
specific example of a community amenity was evidence of intentional
exclusion when the Ordinance utilized inclusive language. He inquired
whether Ms. Nanda could agree that the purpose of expansive language was
to allow consideration of other items which may have been omitted.

Ms. Nanda noted attorneys often utilized the phrase "including but not
limited to" rather than "such as." She reiterated her argument that the City
Attorney and the attorney for the Residents Association reviewed other
cities' ordinances and still omitted schools from the Palo Alto Ordinance. The
Hearing Officer reached the same conclusion as Ms. Nanda based on the lack
of legislative intent to include schools in the definition.

Council Member Wolbach concurred with a clear absence of those words in
the legislation. The purpose of including expansive language was to allow
future consideration of items which may have been omitted from a specific
list.

Ms. Nanda did not agree, because the schools were just as important and
just as much a factor in the City of Palo Alto in 2000/2001 as in 2015. If
schools were that important and contained in other cities' ordinance, then
the City Attorney would have included schools in the Ordinance.

Council Member Wolbach wanted to understand how Ms. Nanda reached the
conclusion that the absence of schools was intentional. He asked what

                                                                        Page 20 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
