                         TRANSCRIPT
portion. There are only two two-story homes on that whole section. As
Council Member Burt alluded to—this is going to be sixes and sevens
actually—you don't ideally change zoning in the middle of the street. It
makes sense to put Greer in since it faces another single-story overlay.
That doesn't actually follow along Amarillo, because across the street from
that is not a single-story overlay. What's causing me to support this is
because there are no two stories along Amarillo in this section and because
the vast majority of owners want it. That's what is causing me to do that.
It also is a good geography. The only negative to me is because it is a
change of zoning in the middle of the street. Not a negatively impacting
one, but it is a change. If it's any reassurance to people who were not
thrilled when they came into this room in supporting this, somebody that I
know who was part of one of the earlier single-story overlays, probably a
good dozen years ago, I saw him maybe three years ago. I bumped into
him someplace and he said, "It's the best thing we ever did. The neighbors
are all so happy that we put a single-story overlay on our neighborhood." If
that's any consolation. With that, the motion before us is to adopt an
ordinance reflecting the applicant-requested Greer Park North boundary for
rezoning to an R-1(S) single-story overlay or SSO zoned district. Vote on
the board please. That motion passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Female: How many of you (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Excuse me. We have ... Public comment is closed. This
item is closed. Excuse me, excuse me. The item is closed.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Holman: We will now move to Council Member Questions, Comments
and Announcements. Do any Council Members have any? Seeing none.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 12:30 A.M.

Closed Session

Mayor Holman: We will go then to our Closed Session. We need a motion
to go into Closed Session.

Vice Mayor Schmid: So moved.

                                                                        Page 131 of 132
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 11/30/15
