                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Mayor Holman
to remove from the Motion, “a hybrid alternative that would use portions of
the Matadero Creek corridor that are usable.”

Council Member DuBois: I think I just spoke to it. I think we had a citizens
committee that was composed of residents and bikers, that came to a
conclusion. I think we should listen to them. I'm really not sure why we're
overriding them tonight.

Mayor Holman: I think you just spoke to the second as well. To the second,
lights who wanted to speak to the second—excuse me, to the amendment
rather. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Just briefly in answer to the question why we'd be
looking at the hybrid. The group had looked at a continuous Matadero Creek
option. That, we agree with, looks problematic. What we didn't have
presented was utilizing Matadero Creek where it's not so problematic, and
that's what's in the motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, to the amendment.

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. If either question is if we proceed with "A,"
because the amendment speaks to "A," does that mean we're not going to
look at Loma Verde anymore? I think Loma Verde is kind of interesting too.
I concur with Council Member DuBois that Loma Verde and East Meadow
seem like worthy of further exploration. Does "A" replace Loma Verde as a
thing to evaluate?

Male: That's "A" and "B."

Council Member Filseth: "A" and "B."

Mr. Mello: No, I think Loma Verde would fall under "B."

Mayor Holman: Yes, yes.

Council Member Filseth: Maybe I'll ask it a different way. Does it mean that
we wouldn't do both Loma Verde and East Meadow? We're going to look at
them all. Okay, I get it.

Mayor Holman: It only takes out the hybrid. It doesn't take out—okay.
Council Member Kniss, again to the amendment.

Council Member Kniss: To the amendment, I'd not going to support this,
because I think looking at a hybrid is really our best option at this point. I
think Council Member Burt put it well. This is portions of it, not the entire
                                                                           Page 48 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
