                            TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Then it appears that we need to add that clarity. One
question before us then would be whether we intend for this to be a City
Manager-appointed     committee     or a    Council-appointed  committee.
Depending on our determination there, what process do we need to go
through to give design of how this committee would be created?

Mayor Holman: As the maker of the motion, for me if it's simply a City
Manager-appointed committee and we're having this motion here. I don't
know why we'd even do the motion if we just want it to be a City Manager-
appointed committee. We could ask meetings to be noticed and all that kind
of thing. I don't see the advantage if we're just deferring all of our
capability of providing or even selecting the committee members to the City
Manager.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can...

Ms. Stump: Council...

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. If I can make a suggestion. Council Member
Burt's suggestion that the Council try and identify for us the stakeholder
interests that would like to be represented. I'm just concerned that if the
Council itself makes these appointments and reviews applications and the
like, we're talking about a long process not just for the Council the evening
that you make those appointments or the evenings that you review those
applications and make those appointments, but for the Staff to design that
process. We know that the Council has a lot of business to get done before
the summer break. When you get back, we're going to have even more for
you. I'm just concerned that that would be a time consuming way. If we
could find another way to accomplish your objectives of a consistent
appointed group with a wide variety of interests, that would be terrific.

Council Member Burt: How about this?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return to the Council with a
proposal for stakeholder selection process and the purposes of the
Comprehensive Plan Advisory Committee.
Council Member Burt: Hillary, you had said you want us to say what
stakeholders. I'd like you to come back. You can review what we had in the
prior Comp Plan and what we did, for instance, with the SOFA plan. You'll
see that there's at least a good starting point for the types of stakeholders,
rather than us try and come up with this on the fly. We can always modify
what you bring back.


                                                                         Page 46 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
