                          TRANSCRIPT
pull-once agreement with one of them. I could either come up or you could
ask questions at any point. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Herb Borock to be followed by Donn
Lee.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members, a couple of speakers
have said that it should just be a single fiber connection and that it should
be owned by the City, that it's essentially an actual monopoly. The Citizens
Advisory Committee Members are telling you that there should be such a
single connection and it should be Google. I tend to see the memo from the
CAC as Google negotiating with itself. That is what the memo suggests;
although, it points out maybe it could be AT&T if not Google that the City
should pay to enable Google to connect everybody. Not just residences
which is what their $300 sort of lifeline amount is, but connect that to
everyone including businesses and have Google light up its fiber, but have
the City not light up its fiber. Maybe it would use some of this fiber in the
same way it's using the dark fiber for businesses who want more than the 1
gigabit that Google would be offering. I don't see the sense of that. A dig-
once, pull-once idea works well if you pay directly for that rather than giving
Google millions of dollars to connect everybody when it wouldn't have done
that on its own. There are two things that you would need. First, I don't
think you should have any more contracts with CTC unless they're willing to
provide all the data that we've paid for. That includes the detailed numbers
that would enable members of the Citizens Advisory Committee to evaluate
the answers that CTC is giving us. In my letter to you on September 28th, I
pointed out that some of their things don't make sense if you actually go
down to find the original basis of their data. The second thing you would
need is, if you're going to want to have someone else pull the fiber, you
need a design of the City's network. I think that would be the first step. In
the limited time I have left, I would point out that there may be a problem
with Proposition 218 for having us to connect fiber to all the residences
rather than just build out a dark fiber backbone that a contractor would then
connect and light up the homes. That would be that if you're connecting to
residences or businesses, you would have identifiable parcels that would be
receiving a service. Even though the equipment might be coming from a
contractor, I think you might be in a situation where it would be claimed that
it be treated just like the other utilities where it would be subject to
Proposition 218. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Donn Lee to be followed by Andy Poggio.

Donn Lee: Hi, I'm Donn Lee. I'm a member of the CAC, speaking as an
individual about the dig-once, pull-once. The message is simple. You want

                                                                           Page 91 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
