                          TRANSCRIPT
help refine the numbers a little bit and to see if we could produce them in a
user-friendly way, and then sent that information to all of you and to your
colleagues on other councils, not only here in the north county but
eventually in other cities around the county as well. Really what I was
hoping to do was provoke a discussion. I think, from what I've heard from
you and from others, that the discussion is now well underway. I think the
takeaway I had—I'll be curious to hear your thoughts in a minute or two—
was that, looking at the two most recent tax measures, Measure A in 2000
and Measure B in 2008, that BART to San Jose had really swallowed the
lion's share of that funding. That meant there were precious few dollars for
other congestion relief efforts around the county. Candidly, what I had been
concerned about was that perhaps one district was swallowing up funds to
the exclusion of another. That really didn't prove to be the case. It was that
80 percent or thereabouts of the funding from those two measures was
dedicated for BART to San Jose. As worthy a project as that is, it does not
produce congestion relief in significant parts of the county. Where that has
led me, I'm just sharing it with you now. I think many of you already know
this, but for the record it's led me to sort of have two issues that I have
raised consistently now as the conversation has begun more seriously about
a transportation tax measure in 2016. The first is the need for a cap on
BART spending, so that we know that other funds will be available for
congestion relief. The second is what I have short-handed as meaningful
congestion relief throughout the entire county. Meaningful congestion relief
throughout the entire county. My goal is for you to be tired of hearing me
say meaningful congestion relief throughout the entire county by the time
we get to November of '16. Those are the two goals really. I've used that
last phrase in part to emphasize that I am not simply being a good
representative for the Fifth District. I'm saying this is an issue that other
districts are surely going to care about and also to underscore this is
supposed to be about congestion relief. That needs to be the net result of
anything that's on the ballot. I have suggested that a 25 percent cap on the
funding would be appropriate for BART to San Jose. How I got there is
pretty simple. Folks are saying that the BART to San Jose remainder is
about $1.2 to $1.4 billion. I've said if the measure is going to generate 6
billion, which is the current estimate, if we said 25 percent, that gives us 1
1/2 billion. That's more than 1.2, more than 1.4, and it means that the
money should be there if people are prepared to live within the limits of their
current estimate. On the transportation front, that's where it is. I have not
been inclined to pick out a particular way to spend that money in any part of
the county even, including my district and our part of the north county or
the West Valley that I represent. I'm sort of waiting for that to generate
some consensus. I also wanted people to understand no, this isn't about
one member of the Board of Supervisors having a wish list or a particular
project in mind. It's about we need to put a cap on the funding for BART to
                                                                         Page 2 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
