                          TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Stump: I think it makes sense to be clear about if there isn't a legal
requirement for them to behave as Brown Act bodies, then as a policy
matter you can pick the elements you want. I think it might be helpful to be
clear with the Staff which elements you are preferring. I am hearing a
preference for transparency, but also for ease. Where is that (crosstalk)?

Council Member Burt: I think the intention was simply to have them open to
the public, not governed by Brown Act rules.

Ms. Stump: For example, there would not be a requirement for an agenda
in advance, that they wouldn't have to stick to the agenda, that there
wouldn't be a requirement for public comment?

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I mean they could opt to do that, but on an
informal basis. Basically, we just simply want them to be able to be open to
the public, but they're going to function in a less formal manner. The public
should be able to sit in. It shouldn't be done behind closed doors. That's all.
I think that's simple. Mayor, is that your intention as well?

Mayor Holman: Yes, it is. To satisfy the thing that, Hillary, you brought up,
if we take "e" and put it up with "b," does that solve the situation here?
"Including utilization of subcommittees." Coming back with all of that, those
things that would affect timeline and staffing.

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah, we'd be happy to do that.

Mayor Holman: Is that okay with ...

Council Member Burt: As the seconder, I just want to say that I don't see
any way that we can have an effective process by trying to have 25 people
debate every issue as a big body. I don't see a way around it.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. I'm sure we can figure out a way to do the
subcommittees and the process. We had always expected that there would
be committees of limited duration. We'll take another look at the schedule
and how we can incorporate the work of subcommittees into the whole
program. Again, I think we've gotten different direction from Council
Member DuBois and Council Member Burt about exactly what they anticipate
in terms of changes to the schedule, so we're going to have to work through
that. Maybe we'll have to bring you two options on the 31st.

Council Member Burt: I think the direction may not be as different as you're
perceiving. I didn't make any statement that it has to hold to the current
                                                                       Page 132 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
