                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff: It's really hard to make decisions and to know
what to do without the right information. I'm disappointed that we don't
have the right information on how this all works, because that's what we're
looking at. We're looking at if we extend it, how does that actually work.
Obviously it's hard to make those decisions. The other thing I'd comment on
is that restaurants can be—we talked about on Sherman. Isn't Café Riace
off Sherman? I get a little confused. It is, right?

Mr. Lait: Sheridan.

Council Member Scharff: Oh, it's on Sheridan, right. That's one over from
Sherman, or two over. It's far over that way, right? That just tells me that
we can make retail work in terms of eating and drinking establishments.
You probably can't make stores work without having at least some sort of
path down that way. If we want to expand retail, at least eating and
drinking establishments, and move them off of California Avenue and move
them around the area, there is probably that opportunity if we zone correctly
over the long term. That's where my comments are at this point.

Ms. Gitelman: To the Mayor, if I can just offer one perspective. We were a
little subtle about this in the Staff Report. One of the concerns that we have
had looking at the retail issues on California Avenue more closely is the
danger that by expanding the ground-floor retail requirements you could
start to dilute the retail district that's there. I'm not saying that would
happen, but we identified it as one area where potentially we should do
some more analysis before we conclude that we do in fact want to expand
the district. It's one of the next steps that we identified that the Council
may wish us to pursue.

Council Member Scharff: I'll comment briefly on that. That was the
argument that was made on University Avenue. That was why we directly
lost Zibibbo's, why we lost Rudy's and other retail on University Avenue.
This notion of dilution of the retail is a silly one in that everyone wants to be
on University Avenue, everyone wants to be on California Avenue. What you
end up getting is you're getting other uses like restaurants off of California
Avenue. You may get some marginal retail. Just like we had Fresh started
as did the shoe store right there on Emerson at the end. As soon as we
decided that we didn't want to dilute retail and we allowed that to convert to
office, they immediately converted that to office. Those were viable retail
spots. In fact, those two stores did fine in that location. When they grew
up, they moved over. This notion of diluting the retail is a weak argument.
I don't feel like we need further studies on it by somebody to tell us that.

                                                                          Page 55 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
