                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Say that again.

Council Member Filseth: Staff and the City Attorney's opinion is that Section
104/105 essentially covers the case of any retail space on the first floor,
whether it's lobby or hallway or anything else being used to provide access
to upper or lower floors already.

Mayor Holman: I read it differently. A lobby isn't just to provide access; it's
also to serve a function.

Ms. Stump: I think what the language is intended to say is regardless of
what you call it, whatever that space is that's not retail must be the
minimum amount needed to get up or to get down.

Council Member Scharff: You're not suggesting we add 102(d), so you can
erase that.

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to not suggest 102(d).

Council Member Scharff: Anything else?

Council Member Filseth: I do have one more on Section 18.85.103(a) which
has to do with pipelines. The language says the cutoff is for a retail use that
was submitted to the City on or before March 2, 2015. I'm going to suggest
we replace the words "submitted to the City" with "approved by the
Director."

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Filseth. Just to remind the
Council, this section was included in the Motion from last time. The
Ordinance has been drafted with regard to these discretionary projects just
as directed by unanimous vote of the Council at our last meeting on
April 6th. I can certainly change that with eight votes.

Council Member Filseth: I defer to the judgment of the Council, but I'm
going to suggest we change it to ...

Council Member Scharff: I know I'm supposed to just say yes or no, but if
everyone would indulge me. What effect would that actually have from a
practical point of view? Who would be in, who would be out?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we talked about this on April 6th. There were three
projects that are potentially affected. One is on 429 University, but I believe
that has been approved by the Director; although, it's been sent back for
more. There's a question about whether that would count. The other two
projects were 3877 El Camino, where there'd be a loss of ground-floor retail
space of about 2,500 square feet, and then 3045 Park, where there'd be a
                                                                         Page 39 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
