                         TRANSCRIPT
employees. The exemption would keep our tipped employees at the State-
mandated minimum wage.            Without the exemption for our tipped
employees, every penny of the minimum wage increase will go directly to
some of our most highly compensated employees. Those who earn tips on
top of their hourly wages are included in this group. All of our non-tipped
employees already earn more than the proposed minimum wage, and they
will receive no benefit from this minimum wage proposal. We understand
the motivation for the ordinance; it is well intentioned. We take no issue
with investigating getting the minimum wage higher for our workers.
Without the exemption to our tipped employees, the ordinance will fail to
achieve its goal. Recently I did have the opportunity to meet with the
Assistant City Attorney to discuss the exemption. I know that we've heard a
lot from some supporters of the ordinance that an exemption is not legal,
but that is not true. These folks are attempting to confuse the idea of a tip
credit with an exemption for tipped employees. These are two separate and
unrelated issues. What we're asking for is to exempt our tipped employees
to the State-mandated minimum wage. Additionally as you've already heard
from the California Restaurant Association, the argument that no one else
has done this is actually not correct. The Federal government as well as
almost every other state in the country has some form of this type of
compensation model.        Earlier this year, as you heard, the City of
Sacramento created a task force to study the issue of minimum wage. It
actually included most of the stakeholders in the community. In that
ordinance, consideration of tipped income is a part of the consideration.
Basically tonight what I'm requesting is that you remove the ordinance from
the Consent Calendar and consider exempting tipped employees. Thank you
for your time. I hope to credit my extra time from my last event. Thank
you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Members, what we have before us for
consideration is the Consent Calendar. As previously stated, Item Number
11 has the correction at-places memo. Council Member Kniss will not be
participating in Item Number 15. Item Number 19 has been pulled to
become the first item as Item 19 under Action Items. Need a motion for the
Consent Calendar.

Council Member Scharff: I'll move (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: I will second.
MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 6-18, including changes to the contract
number outlined in the At Place Memorandum for Agenda Item Number 11-
Approval of Change Order Number One to Construction Services…

                                                                      Page 53 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
