                          TRANSCRIPT
City Council would like some additional input from the HRB, you could
certainly ask for that. At the time, we did not feel that it was warranted,
based on the scope of the project and what we understood the questions to
be about it.

Council Member Burt: The Downtown Urban Design Guidelines didn't say it's
an historic district.    It said it has significant historic architecture and
development patterns. That context alone caused it to reference that the
Historic Resources Board is an important resource in consulting for future
development. The implication clearly being, to me, that they would be
consulted on a project falling within that district. That seems to be the
intent of that paragraph. Can you explain what, in Staff's current thinking
and practice, triggers when a project goes to the HRB? Is it just if that
project, the building itself has historic merit or potential historic merit?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. If the building itself or
another building that is recognized as a historic resource would have a
potential impact, we would have referred this to the HRB. In this case, we
didn't see that as a possibility, and we didn't think the referral was
necessary. Again, this is an area where, if the Council would like to refer to
the HRB, we could certainly backtrack and do that. At the time, we didn't
feel that it was merited.

Council Member Burt: I read earlier, in trying to keep everything in my head
I've lost sight of it. I believe there is a reference, I think it was in the
Findings. I went back and tried to find it and couldn't. The walls that are
affected are not merely the street-facing walls. Do you know where that
reference lies? That the alley wall and the other, I'll call it west, it's the
southwest-facing wall toward the train station, that those are also walls that
matter, maybe not in the same way that a street-facing wall does. I'll let
you work on that. If it comes to somebody's mind or if I can go back and
find it a third time, I'll let you know. I don't think I imagined reading it. I
think it's in there. There was a statement by Board Member Popp that the
ARB is discouraged, this is a question I guess for legal counsel, by legal
counsel from them having an Applicant reduce their use of TDRs to meet
mass and scale criteria, if I understood that right. Can you tell me what is
the position of our legal department on the discretion that the ARB and the
other review parties should have around these TDRs? It goes to the crux of
this question. Downtown, we have a 1.0 FAR. I think in the Comp Plan
there's a reference that commercial buildings should be 0.35 to 2.0 FAR.
Here we have a project at 2.86 FAR. The question is if somebody legally
purchases TDRs, do they then have an implicit right to develop a building
that large as long as it stays within the height and other envelope factors,
that they can build a building that utilizes those TDRs.
                                                                       Page 59 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
