                           TRANSCRIPT
buckets and things like that and help go to why we think, like, a ting-type
model might make sense.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Even in that City model, like you said, there
are four items that are like 85 percent of the cost.

Mr. Asp: Correct, yes.

Council Member DuBois: CTC, Joanne and Tom, do you guys have ideas on
just those four items how we could drive that cost down maybe, like, being a
little more creative?

Mr. Asp: There's different ways to look at it. One of the things you could—
the costs we are still—at your given location, your cost of internet access is
still pretty reasonable here. We had an estimate—I forget—it was either 50
or 75 cents a meg as a baseline for that. That price may be going down a
little bit. From a competitive standpoint and buying power, Comcast is
probably 10 percent or less than what that is. That's something that is more
just a volume buy and it's just saying what you can do to drive that. It's
just like in terms of the maintenance contract.

Council Member DuBois: The four buckets are the main costs?

Mr. Asp: Yeah, the four buckets are the main cost areas. Those are the
things that you could look at some contract labor, some of those type of
things. Once you bring in contract labor, then you start how do you manage
that labor and how you manage that customer service. That type of thing.
There may be some ways to look at doing that, but it's not something that
you're going to be able to cut it in half or some real substantial number on
that.

Council Member Scharff: When you talk about the take rates, that's in the
entire City, right?

Ms. Hovis: That's right.

Council Member Scharff: I mean, if there's three providers, none of them
are going to have take rates—I mean, say a third, a third, a third for each.
I'm not understanding how they're making money on that. I mean, if we
need 57 percent to make money—I mean, they're barely going to get 30
percent. How does that work?

                                                                       Page 27 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
