                          TRANSCRIPT
radius around SFO. The FAA Office that processed our request shared that
it's the largest request they have received.          Our request was further
facilitated thanks to the attention of our Congresswoman Anna Eshoo. We
are doing some preliminary analysis of this data and would like to share it
with you. We look forward to contacting each of you and hope that you will
be able to meet with our group as we move forward to work together on
fixing the problem of low-flying aircraft noise pollution over our City.

Nancy Kropp: Nancy Kropp here. I'm here on behalf of the Sixth District
PTA which serves all of Santa Clara County. I'm also here tonight on behalf
of the Palo Alto PTA Council which includes all 17 schools in Palo Alto. I'm
also here as a resident of Barron Park and a neighbor of the Buena Vista
Mobile Home Park. Both of these organizations, the Sixth District and the
Palo Alto Council, I'm sure you're aware, have passed resolutions supporting
our students. There's over 100 of them living in the mobile home park. I'm
here today because you may be aware of it, but I wanted to comment that
tomorrow morning the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors is going to
discuss and vote on releasing another $6.5 million to purchase the Buena
Vista Mobile Home Park land. Their vote is contingent on a match from you,
a match from the City of Palo Alto of another $6.5 million. I'm here on
behalf of both the Sixth District PTA and your local Palo Alto PTA Council
asking you to please do that match, come up with another $6.5 million. I'm
also told that we have that $6.5 million in an affordable housing fund that
we've collected from developers. I don't know, but I'm told we have the
money. This vote is coming tomorrow morning before the Santa Clara
County Board of Supervisors. We're hoping for a positive vote. On behalf of
our students in our schools and their families, I'm hoping that you will take
this under consideration, discuss it thoroughly and vote to match that
release. Our community does work and wrestle hard to raise thriving youth.
We've adopted developmental assets; there's 41 developmental assets. I've
brought a copy that I will leave with you today. If you go through these,
when we're talking about why we're doing this for our community, you'll find
central in these developmental assets community, caring, teaching our
children to care about each other, to care about their neighborhoods. As a
City, we can't just talk; we have to walk the walk. This is a unique
opportunity to walk the walk, teach the children in our schools this is how we
care for each other, this how we maintain our community, our
neighborhoods, you are valued, your neighbors are valued.               It's an
important message. Children in our schools are very aware of this issue.
It's their classmates; it's their friends; it's their neighbors. I'm asking you
again on behalf of these PTA organizations to please release those funds.
You will be doing a tremendous service for our community and teaching
valuable lessons for the children in our schools about what it means to be a
community and help each other.
                                                                         Page 33 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
