                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PART A FAILED: 3-5 DuBois, Filseth, Schmid, yes, Scharff not
participating.

Mayor Holman: Now we'll take a vote on Motion "b," which is attach the
planned City Hall sign to the building and modify the planned monument
sign at Hamilton Avenue and Bryant Street adding City Hall text. I cannot
support this. You heard me talk about the graphics earlier. Vote on the
board please. That Motion passes, sadly she says, on a 6-2 vote. Council
Member Scharff not participating. The negatives were Council Member
Holman and Council Member Kniss. That was Scharff not participating.

MOTION PART B RESTATED: Attach the planned “CITY HALL” sign to the
building and modify the planned monument sign at Hamilton Avenue/Bryant
Street to include “CITY HALL” text.

AMENDMENT B PASSED: 6-2 Holman, Kniss no, Scharff not participating

Mayor Holman: Then we have eliminate the renaming of garage levels from
"A," "B" and "C.: I look at the maker and seconder of the Motion. Is that
total elimination or are you leaving latitude for Staff to find some other way
to improve the directional aspect of wayfinding in the garages?

Council Member DuBois: I think Brad said a couple of times that they were
going to continue to do that already.

Mayor Holman: Just being clear on that.

Council Member Kniss: One clarification before we vote. This is the one that
will save $100,000? This is the money-saving measure?

Council Member Burt: Correct.

Council Member Kniss: Tom, you've been very convincing. I hope people
can still find their way through the garage.

Mayor Holman: Vote on that Motion please. That's "c." That Motion passes
on a 7-1 vote with Council Member Scharff not participating and with Council
Member Berman voting no.

MOTION PART C RESTATED: Eliminate renaming of garage levels from A,
B and C.

AMENDMENT C PASSED: 7-1 Berman no, Scharff not participating




                                                                        Page 32 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
