                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. I'd be happy to put that as "F."

Mayor Holman: What do you want them to do with that? Right now, it says
"historical structures that capture historical moments in Palo Alto and Silicon
Valley." What do you want them to do with that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Include in programs and policies.

Council Member DuBois:      Is this a policy to update our historical list to
include these buildings?

Mayor Holman:     That's really what, I think, you're intending, Vice Mayor
Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: We have and Staff and members of the community and HRB
have had conversation about this, how our historical data is quite outdated.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. I feel like we're getting sucked
down into the weeds here, instead of staying at the sort of vision, goal, big
issue direction. We still have one major topic to address this evening. I
wonder if I could just assure the Council that, of course, we will be looking
at the policies and programs with regard to historical resources that are
already in the Plan, and will take the opportunity to capture this thought.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You will be coming back with the results from the CAC?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Mayor Holman: While we're in the weeds, David, before you permanently
delete that, could you put it back for a moment? It's pretty simple the way
it is stated. Director Gitelman, I think it's pretty simple the way it's stated.
Just take it as general direction that this is intended to update the existing
policies and goals based on existing information that didn't exist when we
had the prior Comprehensive Plan. Would that be acceptable to the maker?

Council Member DuBois: No. I really do think we're getting away from
goals here. I really think we should trust Staff that policies and programs
like this will be discussed. I don't want to start listing a bunch of policies
and programs.

Mayor Holman: That's what we did with sea level rise and the Airport and ...

Council Member DuBois: Those are updates in terms of goals that don't
even exist. We do have an existing historical building thing. I get we're
                                                                         Page 92 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
