                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:     Yeah.   You could say "the following organization
for the goals."

Mayor Holman: That's good with you, Council Member Filseth? Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “of Goals” after “the
following organization.”
Mayor Holman: Hillary.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Hillary
Gitelman, the Planning Director. Let me see if I can try and respond to the
question that was raised about the groups that are currently referenced in
Goal C-3, the existing Comp Plan Goal C-3. I'm on page 11, in the left-hand
column.     I think with the structure that Council Member DuBois is
suggesting, those groups that are referenced in Goal C-3 could instead be
referenced in Goal 5 about health and well-being.

Male: (inaudible)

Ms. Gitelman: Four and five?

Male: (inaudible)

Ms. Gitelman: Up to you. I don't know that you would have to do it in both
places.

Council Member DuBois: I'm saying if you're looking at page 11, at the top,
in the middle there it says the policies and programs were distributed among
the two new PTC goals, which are "4" and "5" in my proposal.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. I guess I'm suggesting if Council Member
Wolbach's request is that the groups referenced be actually in the goal itself,
that you could ...

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, we could add it to C-5.

Ms. Gitelman: ... choose to put it either in Goal 4 or 5.

Council Member DuBois: Sure, right.

Council Member Wolbach: To clarify my offer of a friendly amendment for
the maker and the seconder. We would add—I'm agnostic about where we
put it. I think under what you're calling C-5 and what Staff had given us, I
think it would be C-1, that we there carry over the language about those

                                                                        Page 56 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
