                          TRANSCRIPT
that we've never had a way to unlock that key. We've all known for
decades, we've talked about it. They're sitting there; many spaces are
empty, and we have no leverage. That as one of the components to
competition to getting a project approved, if they are a developer that wants
to have a project and they're sitting on vacancies in their spots, that's one of
the criteria we could use. That would have a huge impact. We've never
been able to figure out a way to do it. First, I want to say that I agree with
Council Member DuBois. Limiting the number of employee permits annually
in Phase 2 is a very important component. I don't want to overshoot. Just
as I argued against necessarily saying that the goal should be no worker
parking in a neighborhood, I don't see how we really get anywhere unless
we have that limit. That's what really controls whether we just go back to
the way we were. I see that Staff has recommended the 2,000 number.
Does that seem like a reasonable balance for the first year of Phase 2? Is
that how you came up with that number?

Mr. Mello: We basically rounded up from the existing permit sales. We
wanted to leave a little bit of room for additional employees to purchase
permits, but we didn't want to allow too much additional expansion.

Council Member Burt: I agree with eliminating the other half to "A," but I
want to offer as an amendment that we limit the employee permit sales in
the first year to 2,000 annually.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, I could agree with that. I think your arguments
are good. As far as the second part so that after 10 years there are none of
it ...

Council Member Burt: We're in agreement there.

Council Member Kniss: I'm fine with that. I think we should again assess all
of these things after a year.

Council Member Burt: Right.

Council Member Wolbach: I think that's a very reasonable amendment. I
accept it as well.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “limit employee permit sales
to 2,000 annually.”



                                                                        Page 62 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
