                         TRANSCRIPT
regards to the money of grant funds, there have been two grant cycles; the
one we originally applied for and now another one. In both cases they were
undersubscribed. That is, the money that was available could have had
more applications funded. When it comes time to seek funds for this
subarea study, after we have adopted a Comprehensive Plan that includes
the adoption of a California Avenue area concept plan that includes the draft
language that says we should do a study, that would be an appropriate time
to apply for funds. If the needs for funding throughout the area are the
same as they have been, there will be funding available for a grant. I would
urge you to place the Planning Department's focus on finishing the
Comprehensive Plan. Only after you have adopted this draft language or
whatever language is finally appropriate for policy and programs, that's the
time to do an area study for Fry's.

Council Member Filseth:     What I'd like to do is make motion.             Am I
premature in doing that?

Mayor Holman: Why don't we do a quick round? Do Council Members have
many questions? Why don't we take questions first?

Council Member Kniss: Director Gitelman spoke about this. This is a big
part of our Housing Element. Right now it's RM-30, which is 15 acres of RM-
30 which is substantial. How would that alter the Housing Element that we
just adopted at the end of last year? If we look at this in a different light
and look at it from fashioning retail/office/housing, how would that alter the
Element?

Ms. Gitelman: The current draft of the California Avenue area concept plan
envisions this as a mixed-use site with quite a bit of housing. Our thought is
that the planning process we would be undertaking would not be
incompatible with the number of housing units that we've assumed on this
site. We would find a way to perpetuate and keep this site on our housing
inventory.

Council Member Kniss: With that same number? That's a pretty substantial
number.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: That's doesn’t compute very well, but I'll take that
as your answer.

Ms. Gitelman:   The current assumption is 220-something units in the
Housing Element, which is significantly less than its actual zoned capacity at

                                                                         Page 65 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
