                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mitchell, Attorney for Applicant: Good evening, Madam Mayor and
members of the Council. I'm Kent Mitchell, the attorney for the applicant. I
want to thank the Staff, the Director, the ARB, the HRB and the City's
outside consultants for reviewing all of this material. I would point out that
despite everything that has been said here by the appellant, those reports
all confirm that the findings are appropriate that were made by the ARB.
The ARB did not choose to changes its findings. The ARB did not choose to
take a new vote. What's before you on the record is the 4-0 vote from the
previous iteration and no recommendation that findings that they made or
the Director made and adopted be changed. The applicant has worked
diligently in this case to present a Code-compliant project, and Staff has
confirmed that this is a Code-compliant project. It also serves the City's
mixed-use goals for uses in the Downtown CD area, which is very important.
It may be that there is a political discussion to be had about the appropriate
future of development on the CD Downtown area, but that's a discussion
that has not yet been had. The ordinances that are in place should still be
given full effect, and only if those ordinances are changed should different
standards apply. As far as the historic concerns that have been raised by
the referral motion back, those were basically to make sure that CEQA was
being complied with in the environmental analysis. All of your reports, your
consultant Carey and Co., the tests under CEQA, the Eureka case that I cited
in my letters and even the applicant's historic consultant have universally
confirmed that this project will not cause historic resources in the area to
lose their historic significance. That's the test that you should apply because
your historic ordinance is basically the same as the State historic ordinance.
What this comes down to is some subjective criteria of mass, compatibility,
visible impact. This brings in your TDR ordinance. This ordinance was
passed to incentivize two things: one, the rehabilitation or removal of
dangerous, seismically unsafe structures, or rehabilitation of dilapidated
historic resources which you would rather not lose. The City gets the benefit
of this bargain by getting these benefits, correcting these problems, and it in
turn gives an FAR allowance that exceeds what normally could be available
to a building in the Downtown CD district as long as it's a qualifying receiver
site. Now, what is—your ordinance is very, very specific about what a
qualifying receiver site is. Basically, it has to be in the CD, Downtown area,
which this site is. It cannot be an historic site itself, which this is not. It
cannot contain an historic structure, which this does not. It must be at least
150 feet from any property zoned for residential use, which it is. And/or it is
in a commercial zone within the Downtown area that has present other
mixed uses, which it does. These are the standards for determining what is
a qualified site. That really concludes the inquiry about whether this is a
qualified site. In fact, this project wouldn't even have been submitted if it
weren't a qualified site. Then the question is what other requirements are
there. The requirement is that you allow the square footage to be made
                                                                            Page 8 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
