                          TRANSCRIPT
is in here, and it says you could. When we write ordinances, I actually think
we shouldn't. I wanted to ask could people be subject to—I mean, could
someone later in the City say, "It's here and so we're fining you," Or frankly
it's a misdemeanor. I don't know. What is it a violation of our ordinance?

Mr. Bobel: We need to make a change. We recognized that after you
brought it to our attention earlier. That change needs to be that in addition
to referring to those three fees, that Matt referred to, we also have to refer
specifically to enforcement action. We need to do that. I appreciate you
pointing that out. It was our intention that neither the fees nor the
enforcement action would apply to the residential sector. The reason we
sort of mentioned the residential sector in the meat of the ordinance is that
it seemed to us odd that we'd be requiring business to do something and
making no mention at all of the residential. That's a change you could make
if you feel strongly about it, if Council feels strongly about it. We could write
residential completely out of this. It seemed sort of overkill to us to do that.
Our intention was just to write out the enforcement provision of that.
There's two parts to the ordinance. Let me just save it there. One part is
you're required to have the service; mostly compost is the new thing.
You're required to have compost. Secondly, you're required to sort properly.
Those are the two things. In the residential sector, it's not big. It's almost
not worth saying that you're requiring it, because it's free. There's no
charge. That's different in the commercial sector. The commercial sector
pays for compost. That's why we only get 30 percent signing up for it now,
because it costs money. What they don't understand is they'd probably save
money if they converted garbage to compost. Nonetheless, that's why they
haven't signed up; it's money. In the residential sector, there isn't that
factor. There's no resistance, there's no lack of sign-up in the residential
sector. There's no enforcement issue with the first part of the ordinance,
the requirement to have the program. The second part of the ordinance is
the requirement to separate properly. There we would have these fees and
then enforcement with respect to commercial. Once modified, we would not
have that with respect to residential. If Council feels strongly about it, we
could remove those residential words from the ordinance. We did think
about that, but we were trying to handle it as an enforcement thing.

Council Member Scharff: Mayor Holman, I'll cede the floor. I'd like to come
back at some other point and ask some other questions.

Mayor Holman: Yes, thank you. Kind of anticipating what might happen,
I've asked Staff to kind of make copious notes on this. Not that you
wouldn't make notes, but rather you make copious notes. I'd appreciate it.
I think it might be prudent. Vice Mayor Schmid, please.


                                                                         Page 22 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
