                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss inquired whether Agenda Item Number 7 was
scheduled for a second meeting.

Mayor Holman indicated a continuation night was scheduled for Agenda Item
Number 7; however, the public had remained at the meeting in order to
speak. She requested Council Members proceed with Agenda Item Number
6 quickly and efficiently.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to continue Agenda Item Number 7 - Discussion and Direction to
Staff Regarding Establishment of an Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit to
February 9, 2015.

Mayor Holman noted several members of the public had remained in order to
speak to Agenda Item Number 7. She asked if the Motion included allowing
public comment in the current meeting.

Council Member Burt did not believe there would be sufficient time for public
comment.

James Keene, City Manager, advised Agenda Item Number 7 was scheduled
for February 9, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Filseth, Wolbach no

Council Member Burt expressed concern that Staff would not be able to
proceed as directed if the consultant had questions regarding the Motion;
therefore, the consultant should ask his questions at the current time.

Mr. Kawahara advised that Council Member DuBois requested a change to
the methodology for estimating the affordable housing cost from a pro rata
share of the total cost of the project to assessing that cost on the basis of
the difference between a market rate apartment rent versus the BMR rent.
That was an annual difference. He inquired whether Council Member DuBois
would capitalize that annualized difference in order to recognize the
affordable housing cost.

Council Member DuBois responded yes. The difference was $10 per net
square foot. Applying the market rate for the office space would result in an
additional amount of office space that would cover that difference.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the consultant had to understand the
Council's request and concur that it was a reasonable approach.

Ms. Stump remarked that that could require some analysis and thought from
the consultant.
                                                                       Page 27 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
