                          TRANSCRIPT
project being completed, Staff refines the impact on the Operating Budget
before you approve it. The Council has a better idea whether approving a
capital investment, which is great and wonderful, has a long-term and heavy
Operating Budget impact or is it minimal. That's one thing we're trying to do
as well. That's it for this short presentation. We'll pass out the Budget
documents. Looking forward to the conversations in Finance and later on in
June with Council. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, City Manager and Walter as well. Yes, we have
our gifts being distributed. This was a presentation; it was an opening of the
conversation. If there are any brief comments by non-Finance Committee
Members, this would be the time to put them out there. We have four
members who are not on Finance. If any of you have brief comments.
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, thank you so much. I'm looking
forward to reading this. I can't wait. Seriously, thank you. We got an
interesting email that I thought had some interesting points. One was a
measure spanning control and are we staffed at appropriate levels. I'd be
interested in if you're going to include any kind of metrics of that sort as
part of the Budget. The other thing I think would be useful would be to
provide some analysis of FTE in total including consultants. It would help
people understand why we're using consultants. You could show full-time
Staff and potentially a cost savings over hiring versus outsourcing. We hear
quite a bit from the community both sides, why are we hiring, why do we
have so many consultants. Making that clear could be useful. There was
also a comment about the priority budgeting model. Could you explain that
a little further? Is that going to start in certain areas?

Mr. Rossmann: Sure. There's a request in the Budget to fund a consultant
to get us going on priority-based budgeting. What that effort does is, which
is a pretty heavy organizational effort, going beyond department level and
towards programmatic-level of the organization. If you look at the typical
finance department, you have a budget office, accounts payable, accounting,
payroll. Looking at the programmatic level, we have opportunities for
outsourcing. Do we have to do this service because it's federally mandated
or City Charter mandated? How do the services align with broader services
the City is trying to provide to its citizens? You go through this analysis and
figure out as part of the Budget process how often is this program used and
how important is it to contributing towards outcomes. It's at least a year if
not two years effort. It may inform the '17 Budget already. Again, it takes
a lot of work by Staff to look at our organization very differently and then
assign dollars to it in establishing this process. It started about five years


                                                                            Page 8 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
