                          TRANSCRIPT
for these kinds of units. That makes sense. There's a huge waiting list; why
would there be any vacancies at all? They have tenants who want to move
in, and tenants are going to stay a long time because the rent is so low. The
report has other problems. It ignores that the BMRs are charged lower
property tax. Property taxes for rental apartments are based on the income
from the property. If you have lower rents, you should have lower property
taxes. That's not in the model. It ignores that the BMRs expire eventually.
They use estimated cap rates like 4 1/2 percent, but the model is very
sensitive to those rates. It uses 4 1/2, 5 1/2 and 6 1/2. Those are too
coarse numbers to be useful in this way. The State law offers us an
alternative to this project. It says that you can reduce the concessions as
long as the BMR costs are covered. I included in an email to you today that
if you remove 500 square feet of the office—I'm done. You have my notes.

Rita Vrhel: It's always so interesting to come to these meetings and listen
to what everybody has to say. What I was going to say has already been
mentioned by a few people. What I heard tonight and when I was here the
other month when this was being discussed was that part of the large cost of
the project is due to the underground parking. I'm not sure that the cost of
the underground parking is related to the cost of the below market
residences. It seems like, just like last time, during their presentation a lot
of the costs of the BMRs was not fully supported by the documents or the
data that was presented. Maybe Mr. Borock answered that question. What
is the square footage of the five BMR units in total and how does that
compare to the square footage of the entire project? It seems that this
project is so huge for the very sensitive location. I don't think I need to
bring up the parking and the traffic again. We all know what that is like. I
would ask that you ask the owners to make major changes.

Leigh Prince, Applicant Attorney: Good evening. My name is Leigh Prince. I
am an attorney at Jorgenson, Siegel, McClure and Flegel. I do a lot of work
in land use, specifically with the State Density Bonus Law as well as in CEQA
analysis. I want to touch on a couple of things that were raised. What I
want to point you to is this is a complicated project. This is a complicated
situation for you. I'm not in your chair, and I'm not sure I would want to be
tonight. I do want to point out that you have experts who have looked at
the issues of traffic and parking. You have an analysis that was done based
on Zoning Code requirements for parking, that looks at all the appropriate
rates. You have expert analysis that says this is adequately parked, and this
won't cause significant traffic impacts. We all experience bad traffic. This is
the Peninsula, but you do have that expert report in your packet. I also
want to point to you the economic analysis that was done. There were four
different methods that Reed described this evening. In each of those he
came to the conclusion as your expert that these incentives and concessions
                                                                       Page 119 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
