                         TRANSCRIPT
moving target of what the actual measure is going to look like. We may
want to think about if it's not a measure that we can live with, are we going
to oppose it. Are we going to be—I guess it depends on how much money
goes to Caltrain and other things. I think as a Council we probably need to
think about that, so we're not in a reactive mode. I mean, if it comes back
and Caltrain is only getting $750 million, are we going to support that
measure? I think we need to start thinking about that beforehand and
maybe even take positions on what we think we need in that measure to
support it. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: A few things here. I can't imagine that the full hand is
going to be played out before the election.          There's going to be a
smorgasbord of things that funding could go to. The public isn't really going
to know what they're voting on before the election. If Staff has any different
opinion on that, I'd really like to hear it. I don't see anybody jumping
forward. How project prioritization is going to happen too. I've been
advocating for jobs density as being one of the ways to prioritize, because in
the past it's always been housing density. Really what we have and where
the ridership comes from is jobs density. Are we even going to know before
the measure what the criteria is going to be to determine funding? Sort of
akin to what Council Member Scharff was saying, I've told a number of
people that I think 25 percent of a new tax measure for BART is too much,
especially when you consider that that's more money than is being
considered for Caltrain. One of the numbers that I don't know is what BART
ridership in Santa Clara County is compared to Caltrain ridership in Santa
Clara County. If somebody has that, it would be good to know that too. It's
another way to rationalize what the investment should be. It sounds like
maybe Tom or Pat have that number. Essentially because of the importance
of Caltrain, the ridership and because the past two measures lion's share has
gone to BART, I think 25 percent is still too high. A comment about Palo
Alto and not road widening. Our Comprehensive Plan talks about not
widening roadways, so I think we're fairly covered there. I still think, and
you heard from the other cities, that a comprehensive study before the bond
measure would be ideal to determine how the money should be spent. I
don't know if there's any rational way to require a study to be done prior to
any determination of allocation of funds, but a study needs to be done. I
mean, that's just clear. Congestion relief such as was in the eleven city
letter, extending up to San Francisco, down to San Jose and beyond and
East Bay as well, because we're all a coordinated—I shouldn't necessarily
say coordinated. We're all in interlocking transportation, roadways and
systems. We need to know what the best way to spend the money is to get
the best congestion relief. Without a study, we don't really know that.
Council Member Burt asked a question about what other Mayors have said
about VTA's response. We haven't had another meeting; we're going to
                                                                         Page 51 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
