                          TRANSCRIPT
22.   Consideration of Capping the Fee for Establishment of Single Story
      Overlay Districts and Referral of a Policy Discussion Regarding Single
      Story Overlay Districts and Alternative Neighborhood Protections.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:              Hillary
Gitelman, the Planning Director. Briefly ...

Mayor Holman: I do apologize. We have two Council Members who need to
recuse themselves. We will be breaking this item into two parts. The
recusal of Council Member Wolbach and Vice Mayor Schmid will refer to the
first part, which has to do with the single-story overlay fees.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be recusing myself for the first portion of the
discussion. I will be back for the second part. I live in a potentially affected
neighborhood.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I live in an impacted neighborhood and will recuse
myself from the first part.

Mayor Holman: Director Gitelman, we'll be discussing at this point in time
and hearing a presentation on the single-story overlay fees.

Ms. Gitelman: I don't have a lot to add. This is a continued discussion, as
you know, that was first begun at the Finance Committee and continued at
the Council during the budget hearings regarding the fee that should be
charged for establishment of single-story overlay districts. The Staff Report
is clear. It appears that in the past, even though these districts are initiated
by application from members of the community, they've been treated as
rezonings initiated by the City, and a fee has not been charged. The
recommendation before you this evening on the fee is to either continue that
practice and not charge a fee or to set a flat fee that's less than the
Municipal Fee Schedule that's currently charged for other types of rezoning.
Be happy to answer any questions.

Council Member Scharff: This was interesting that that's what we've been
doing. I'm fine with continuing it the way it is. My only concern is that the
public didn't know this was our practice, and I don't think Staff knew this
was our practice. If we move to continue this practice, how are we going to
let people know? I assume Staff will now be cognizant of it, but Staff moves
on and that kind of stuff. Are we going to make it clear somewhere that this
is the way the process works?

Ms. Gitelman: There's a section in the fee schedule that says a fee will be
charged. I'm sorry, in the Municipal Code that says a fee will be charged.
We'll have to clean that up in our Code cleanup ordinance. It'll be a change
                                                                          Page 45 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
