                          TRANSCRIPT
suitable sites for affordable housing, of which you are well aware. If the
park closes and its residents are forced to relocate, Palo Alto will not only be
poorer for the loss of those 400 residents, but finding a way to replace close
to 120 lost housing units will pose a daunting challenge for many years. The
most practical solution is to simply preserve the units in place at Buena
Vista. We urge your every effort to make that happen. Sincerely, former
Palo Alto Mayors and City Council Members, Ron Anderson, John Barton,
Betsy Bechtel, Bern Beecham, Mike Cobb, LaDoris Cordell, Peter Drekmeier,
Sid Espinoza, Yoriko Kishimoto, Larry Klein, Judy Kleinberg, Leland Levy,
Nancy Lytle, Jack Morton, Deena Mossar, Vic Ojakian, Frank Patitucci, Enid
Pearson, Gail Price, Emily Renzel, Dick Rosenbaum, Micki Schneider, Nancy
Shepherd, and Gail Woolley. Thank you.

Claude Ezran: I would like to invite all members of the City Council,
members of this audience and also all the people who are watching us on TV
and Palo Alto citizens and citizens of the Bay Area to the seventh annual Palo
Alto World Music Day. The event will take place this year on June 21st from
3:00 to 7:30 Downtown Palo Alto. University Avenue will be partially closed
to traffic. This year the date, June 21st, which is the real start of summer,
has a bit more significance because this is the summer solstice date which is
used as the date for similar events all around the world, including the U.S.
New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and major other cities have similar events
on June 21st. We'll be in sync or maybe I should say in tune with them for
that event. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the City
Council for its steadfast support of this event since day one, and also City
Staff that helped put it together. I know we have quite a few people
involved with this event, whether it's policemen at the event during Father's
Day or people who help with a variety of tasks. I also would like to
acknowledge, besides our great sponsor The Palo Alto Weekly, a very
important sponsor which is the Stanford Federal Credit Union. They gave a
$50,000 grant to the Palo Alto Recreation Foundation which uses it to
produce events like World Music Day or help the City with events like the
chili cook-off or the May Fete Parade. We are preparing a great show for the
City. Just to give you a quick flavor of what we'll have. We'll have Hawaiian
music with a band of ukulele players. We'll have opera singers. We'll have
a whole Chinese music orchestra group, a variety of dancers, Punjabi dance,
dance from the Philippine. Let's not forget it's also Father's Day, so we'll
have belly dancers. We'll have also a whole group of harmonica players,
drums, marimbas, Indian music, jazz, classical music. It's going to be a
wide variety of events. Again, it's on June 21st, Sunday, Downtown Palo
Alto from 3:00 to 7:30. Don't miss it. Thank you.

Bill Rosenberg: Good evening. I'm Bill Rosenberg. I live at 820 Bruce Drive
in Palo Alto. Many of you probably know that we have a leaf blower
                                                                           Page 3 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
