                          TRANSCRIPT
our neighborhood should be foremost in the minds of City officials and Staff.
I would also like to quickly mention the EIR errors. First of all, stating that
Palo Alto Central residents leave before 8:00 in the morning, that was
mentioned at least four or five times in the final EIR report. It's based on
what evidence, what truth? As far as I know, it's based on no truth.

David Van Atta, Applicant Attorney: Madam Mayor, Council Members. I'm
David Van Atta, attorney for Tarlton Properties and the developer of the site.
As legal counsel, I'd like to respond to some of the comments that were
made as well as some of the written correspondence that was delivered to
you, and set the record straight on a few of these items. First of all, there
was comments made about the process and due process and whether or not
there was adequate or due process. As was set out in the Staff Report, not
only were there community meetings, there were over five or six public
hearings at various venues for over 21 months for this project. This is
almost a two-year public process. It seems disingenuous to me for someone
to say due process has not been afforded for people to make their
statements clear as to this project. We've heard a lot over many, many
meetings. With regards to the zoning, it should be recognized, as stated in
the Staff Reports and as determined by various public hearings, this project
is designed to be zoning compliant with the Design Enhancement Exception
as set forth in the Staff Report. The DEE is a legal component within the
Zoning Ordinance, and references that state otherwise are simply not
correct. The DEE is a legal component within the Zoning Ordinance, and we
think that that needs to be taken in the context of what is the process.
We're not cheating. We're not creating something that's off the page. It's in
the documentation that we have for how you zone and deal with zoning in
the City of Palo Alto. I would like to make that record straight. Regarding
Grant Avenue, it needs to be noted for the public record that this is a public
street. It is not a driveway to a particular adjacent condominium project. It
happens to be a public street that serves the condominium project. It is
maintained at the public expense; it is not a private road. The fact that it is
being used as one of the driveway accesses is a true statement. When we
get to talking about traffic and traffic engineers, I'll like to have the traffic
engineer come up and give you some thoughts on why that access is used,
rather than on Park. This project is located within an area designated for
higher densities. The development is designed to support the vision of that
Comprehensive Plan. If I could just take a few minutes on a couple of other
points. Because of this building being a rather derelict, 50-year-old building,
which frankly, even though there is some potential significant historical
impact, is really not a significantly historical building. I don't know how
many of you people have gone and actually looked at this building and
walked through it. Yes, it's 50 years old. To me, 50 years old is getting
younger and younger. It's 50 years old; that does not in and of itself make
                                                                         Page 62 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
