                         TRANSCRIPT
point out is that five of the homeowners on Greer Road that did not sign the
petition, one household is uninhabited for ten years. One house has a
tenant, and one house was recently sold. Overall the percentage of resident
homeowners, like Dave pointed out, who consented to this petition is about
81 percent.      We'd really love to preserve the atmosphere of this
neighborhood. We'd like it to stay the way it is right now. We urge the
Council to vote for approving the original motion which is to approve the
SSO overlay for our neighborhood. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Mr. Ghosh. You know when the timer goes off
prematurely, you have one lunch with the Vice Mayor. Mike Murnane to be
followed by Don Becson.

Mike Murnane: Good evening, late evening. My name is Mike Murnane. My
wife, Flo, and I live in Metro Circle. We've raised our four children here and
love living in that neighborhood. Recently, long-time neighbors sold their
house. The new owners had their architect design a huge, 4,500-square-
foot, two-story, 29-foot high home, maxing out the lot and the
neighborhood. We researched our options of how to protect ourselves
against this kind of thing. We found two avenues of defense: the internal
review process and the single-story overlay. The goals were similar, to
preserve the character of Palo Alto neighborhoods. We further found that
Palo Alto is a city of neighborhoods.        The Palo Alto Weekly lists 34
neighborhoods, each with unique characteristics and personalities.
Examples: Barron Park, rural but boasts sidewalks; Professorville, turn of
the century architecture; Community Center, '20s and '30s architecture;
Green Meadow, Eichler's distinctive mid-century modern architecture. I
came to the conclusion that neighborhoods are the reason that most
residents love living here in Palo Alto, and we're included in that. They are
large enough to contain the important City features such as schools, parks,
soccer fields, but small enough that people have a sense of belonging and
identity. We chose to apply for SSO status. It was approved by the
Planning Department. It was reviewed by the Planning and Transportation
Commission.

Mayor Holman: I need you to wrap up, if you could please, sir.

Mr. Murnane: We'd like to ask you to approve this application with no
exceptions. Their exceptions don't make any sense.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Don Becson to be followed by Jay
Perera.

Don Becson: Hello. My name's Don Becsom. I own 2889 Greer Road in
Palo Alto. I'm right on the edge. I don't know if we can bring back that
                                                                         Page 120 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
