                         TRANSCRIPT
crosswalk. We have no stop sign. There's no posted speed limit. With
regard to this structure, every one of the 90-some cars entering and exiting
the garage will do so not onto a side street, as Mr. Liu says, but onto a 50-
foot stub of Grant Avenue that is my driveway. It's not just my driveway,
but it's a driveway for 90 other cars that park in the garage at the stub-end
of Grant. Can you imagine putting a 90-car parking garage at the only exit
for a residential community of 90 homes? I can't. I mean a community of
90 single-family homes. It's also the only entry for emergency vehicles
entering the complex. It's triple the number of vehicles that are parked in
the structure now. The EIR didn't do any actual studies of real traffic or real
impact on congestion. Everything was a projection, and many of those
projections were in essence wishful thinking and contained factual errors.
We took these to the Planning Commission. They were all disregarded. In
fact, the Planning Commission Members told us from the dais or one-on-one
that they had no power to address these issues, and that we needed to take
them up with the Council. I'm asking the Council to consider this. I don't
expect to stop any project.

Alice Jacobs: Hi. My name is Alice Jacobs, and I’m the owner of 123
Sherman Ave. My husband, Jared Jacobs, will speak later. This is a Sunset
magazine article that featured our home in June 1995. Just to show you it's
a cool house. That's one of the reasons why it drew us to it, and also its
central location to everything because of pedestrian and bike friendly. We're
doing our part to have little impact on the environment. My husband bikes
to work every day of the year. We bike, walk or take the train as much as
possible. We own one car and put half the average miles on it per year. We
haven't watered our lawn and let it die in the last year in an effort to use
less water. We use an average of 5 ccf a month. When we moved in, we
installed LED lights throughout the house and purchased new appliances that
are efficient with energy and water. This house is set up so that it keeps us
cool in the summer with a cross breeze—we won't be able to open our
windows during construction, because of chemicals and everything—and
warm in the winter, because we all sleep on the second floor. In the winter
during lunch time, my children love to sit in the sun-warmed window sill or
floor in the kitchen and eat their lunch. If this project is approved, we won't
have that sunlight coming in during lunch in the fall and winter. I'll be
forced to blast the heater. They love to paint and create in our sunlit art
corner, which this project would put in shadow for half the year in the
afternoon while my youngest naps. Ben and Sylvia, my older two, love to
play and lay on my bed with me and read stories in the afternoon. The sun
comes in until 3:00 in the afternoon. There have been many nights of
teething and nightmares, where we take our children down to the kitchen to
grab a glass of water or medicine. We find the moonlight flooding in, which
has helped calm them. I spent many hours and time designing this kitchen
                                                                        Page 48 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
