                          TRANSCRIPT
that we generate reports on infrastructure that utilize information that
comes from both systems. As far as the status of where we are, we worked
with our consultant, Plante Moran, in 2014 and did a needs assessment
study that was completed late in that year. We're essentially ready to begin
implementing the IMS now. Contracts with Plante Moran, our consultant and
maintenance connection, should be in place any day now. We're negotiating
the contract scope with Questica for their piece of this. Key steps for the
implementation itself are creating those integrations between Questica and
Maintenance Connection to share information, and then entering all the
asset inventory information and financial costs that were generated during
the IBRC's work as the initial data set into the IMS. Another important step
is putting in place ongoing procedures that are going to allow us to capture
and enter the capital and operating maintenance information kind of by
asset into the system, so that we have that. As we move forward with
implementing the Infrastructure Management System, Staff has identified a
need for a new Project Manager position to help primarily with this work and
some other things. This position will be responsible for implementing and
maintaining the IMS which is going to involve extensive coordination across
several different City departments. In addition to that, the position will also
be responsible for coordinating regular reporting to Council and to
stakeholders on the status of infrastructure projects both through Council
Staff Reports and then through improved use of the City's website where we
do have web pages that provide information about the different projects. An
additional but very important responsibility for this position would be to help
coordinate the Infrastructure Plan projects, to keep them on track in terms
of the key project management components that we talk about, which are
scope, schedule and budget for these projects. I wanted to point this out in
particular because approval of this new position is on your Consent Agenda
for next Monday's meeting. Before talking about the status of the different
Infrastructure Plan projects, I wanted to quickly show you all of the projects
and their funding sources, that you can see in this table. The largest project
is the Public Safety Building, which makes up nearly half of the $126 million
Plan. Also to point out that two of these, the bike bridge project and the
Charleston-Arastradero project, have funding that comes from outside the
Infrastructure Plan. What you see here is just the Infrastructure Plan's
contribution to those. On the funding side for the Plan, the most significant
funding sources are the $33 million in Stanford Development Agreement
funds that come from the hospital projects and then Certificates of
Participation that are to be supported by transient occupancy tax, or TOT,
revenues from new hotels and from the two percent increase to the TOT rate
that was passed by voters in 2014 and that became effective this year.
We'll talk a little bit more about the TOT revenues later in the presentation
when we get to the topic of needs for additional funding. On to the projects
themselves and their status. Two of the projects listed at the top there, the
                                                                           Page 4 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
