                         TRANSCRIPT
that our Palo Alto Public Works Department will be recommended for
accreditation. The next step is for the six-member board to concur with this
finding, and we will receive a letter confirming that we've been accredited by
the American Public Works Association. We will be the first Public Works
Department in Silicon Valley to become accredited. There will be lots of
opportunities to celebrate this achievement, which our Staff is rightfully
proud of.    A formal presentation by the accreditation board is at an
upcoming Council meeting. We add that to our efforts on improving our
pavement condition index and all the infrastructure projects and the
GreenWaste programs and enhancements, and just a raft of great things
that are happening in Public Works. Similarly, volunteers of Acterra and our
Staff cleaned trash from three of our main Palo Alto creeks this past
Saturday as part of the California Coastal Cleanup Day, at San Francisquito,
Adobe and Matadero Creek. A kayak and two canoes helped the team get
hard-to-reach trash in Adobe Creek this year. Hundreds of pounds of trash
of every kind imaginable was painstakingly removed. Thanks in large part to
regulatory restrictions adopted by our Palo Alto City Council, the number of
plastic check-out bags and take-out restaurant Styrofoam containers has
been dramatically reduced, but other types of plastic foam persist. Staff will
be bringing Phase 2 of our plastic foam ordinance to Council in November.
Look at the pictures up there. You know it, but it's worth reminding those of
you who may be running in it. The 31st Annual Moonlight Run at Baylands
Athletic Center, Friday, September 25th at 7:00 p.m. at the Baylands
Athletic Center. A couple of other items. Lots going on actually. Our City is
partnering with the YMCA, the Stanford Children's Health, Lucile Packard's
Children Hospital and other local not-for-profit agencies to host the 2014
Palo Alto Community Health Fair, September 26th. That's Saturday, at the
Mitchell Community Center with Mayor Holman kicking things off with
remarks at 9:50 a.m. The Health Fair will run until 3:00 p.m. and will
include multigenerational activities including one-on-one sessions with
Stanford physicians, talks on heart health, juvenile and adult diabetes and
nutrition. Participants can learn more about local health services, visit the
safety town exhibit, participate in interactive exercises, attend a bike and
helmet demonstration and many, many more things. The 2015 Community
Health Fair is part of the City Council's Priority of Healthy City Healthy
Community that you adopted this year as an area of special focus. Sunday,
September 27th, from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. marks the 80th anniversary
of the Palo Alto Airport. Palo Alto Airport Day will take place this coming
Sunday. The annual event is organized by the Palo Alto Airport Association,
and the annual event attracts 3,000-5,000 visitors. Parking and admission
are free. The 20th anniversary of the Great Glass Pumpkin Patch features
thousands of hand-blown glass pumpkins crafted by more than 30 prominent
glass artisans and will be on view from September 29th through October 2nd
and for sale October 3rd and 4th at the Palo Alto Art Center. One more
                                                                       Page 29 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
