                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Of the three options, the option that I have the
biggest problem with is the one in the Baylands. I'll read a different section
of the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission report. I wasn't on the Public
Safety subcommittee, but I was on the Municipal Services Center
subcommittee. The second paragraph of our problem statement says the
MSC site lies in a flood zone on the east side of the freeway. This location
creates risks and exposures related to resiliency and disaster recovery. A
damaging flood, earthquake or other catastrophic event could prevent or
impede the movement of emergency response vehicles into the City and/or
disrupt the City's Utilities Department's Emergency Operations Center
currently housed at the MSC. A conversation that we had a lot on that
committee was is it possible to move the Utilities Department's Emergency
Operations Center from the east side of the highway to the west side for
resiliency purposes. Given that, I'm not very interested in moving our Public
Safety Building into that danger zone. Given that, we have better options
both proposed tonight and probably even better options that we haven't
considered. I'm not interested in locating the Public Safety Building on the
east side of the highway. With what I already know, I wouldn't support that
option. There are similar issues with the San Antonio site. I think, of the
three, by far the best site is the Sherman Avenue site. I'm definitely open to
other ideas and possibilities that colleagues have. Given the three on the
table today, none of them are perfect, as I said earlier, but of those that
aren't perfect, Sherman Avenue is by far the best. Thanks.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I concur with Council Member
Berman. Particularly the San Antonio site is a long way away and over the
bridge on the other side of the freeway. The City Manager's comments
about the value of being central and accessible are well taken. I thought I
saw somewhere, probably in The Daily Post or something like that, that you
folks had looked at the VTA lot at the corner of Page Mill and El Camino at
one point. Did you guys look at that one? Was it too small?

Mr. Eggleston: I'm not recalling looking at that site. Too small.

Council Member Filseth: Just in the spirit of out of the box stuff, the school
district actually owns an option on 2-4 acres on Ventura in between Alma
and El Camino. It's run down. I think it's not being used for much right
now. Did you guys look at that one at all? It's probably a mile south of the
Sherman site.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, you said it's not being used for
much right now.

Council Member Filseth: Is it a day camp there or something like that?

                                                                           Page 36 of 63
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/6/15
