                          TRANSCRIPT
Perhaps we were a little more flexible in the past about how we applied that
section of the Code. We need to understand, and we're hearing, that
perhaps we need to look more closely at the precise language there. If that
standard of Finding 1 that we're talking about here is the standard, then it's
going to make it difficult for Design Enhancement Exceptions that it would
achieve the purpose, at least, as it's stated in the Code.

Council Member Scharff: My question was slightly different than that. I
agree we could change the historical context. That's what I was hearing you
say, that in the past we've either ignored that or we've interpreted it
differently. I assume you mean we've interpreted it differently and we're
changing the interpretation of the way we're looking at it. That's what
you're saying?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. I don't know if it's a change of interpretation or a more
liberal way of looking at the standard. It's somewhere in that area.

Council Member Scharff: We're looking at this stuff minutely        When I'm
looking at our Code, it says that neither the Director nor the City Council on
appeal shall grant a Design Exception unless it finds that. I doesn't seem to
me that under our Code that the City Council can grant the Design Exception
unless it's on appeal. The first question is we don't have the authority to
grant it under our Code, the way it is right now, since we're reading these
things very literally.

Ms. Silver: What we did with this particular project is typically the Director
makes the entitlement decision. However, since this project required an EIR
and the Council ...

Council Member Scharff: I understand what we did. I'm saying we didn't
follow our rules. Since our rules seem to absolutely require that this Council
can only do this on an appeal. You disagree, but it seems black and white to
me.

Ms. Silver: The Council always retains land use authority. It can substitute
its discretion for the Directors' decision.

Council Member Scharff: Can it do that on a DEE?

Ms. Silver: Yes, yes. That's why we brought it to you in this first instance.

Council Member Scharff: Does that mean that on any of these Code items,
we can substitute our discretion for what it says in our Code?



                                                                        Page 79 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
