                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: A conditional use permit.

Mr. Lait:    I think that's great.    If we can tie notice of the formal
interpretation being made, if we can tie to the existing notification
requirements in the Code for that decision for that project, I think that would
be ideal. It's our existing system; we're just putting this on as a rider to
that.

Mayor Holman: I've spent a lot of time with this. Thank you for your
indulgence on this. With Staff's assurance that that process would be
incorporated in future decisions, whether it's a CUP or a record of land use
action, a Staff Report, whatever, that these interpretations would be called
out, then I don't need to have an amendment here. Right now, it isn't in the
Code.

Mr. Lait: We can do that, sure. It's nice to have it in the Code, but we can
make changes to our templates.           Whenever we get this first formal
interpretation, we'll be noting that and we'll attach it into it.

Mayor Holman: Why don't we do this? When this comes back for a second
reading, if Staff can come up with appropriate language to capture that,
then we can ...

Mr. Keene: No, no, can't do that (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: (crosstalk) you have to have a second to make an
amendment. You can't just direct Staff to go ahead on a second reading and
add it into the ordinance.

Mayor Holman:     I said perhaps that they could suggest it when it comes
back.

Council Member Scharff:      That's not really appropriate either actually.
What's appropriate is to have a Motion; it's not to be directing Staff from the
dais. You know I'm right.

Mayor Holman: As I hear it, Staff has committed that they will include
information regarding this in any future determinations.

Mr. Lait: Again, I think there's going to be few of these where this is going
to rise to the level of an issue. What I am saying is that when we make a
formal interpretation and it is related to a discretionary project that requires
notification, we will advise people in the same manner that we notice the
project that a formal determination has been made on this project based on
a certain interpretation.

                                                                         Page 71 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
