                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Yeah.

Council Member Berman: My second one was direct Staff and the CAC to
explore policies and programs—I probably should have prefaced this with a
comment beforehand, but that's all right—that can increase the allowable
area for multifamily and mixed-use housing.     I should say that "may
increase the allowable area."

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, I think for anybody to have a clear
understanding of this, what do you mean by "allowable area"? Do you mean
geographically? Do you mean area on a parcel? What are you referring to?

Council Member Berman: Geographically. Current land use distribution—
this is in the existing conditions document on the Comp Plan website—states
that, for example, 58.6 percent of Palo Alto land is zoned open space and
parkland; 23.3 percent is single-family residential; only 3.6 percent is
multifamily residential. A couple percent is commercial, and a tiny sliver is
mixed use. Would it be possible to identify other additional opportunities for
mixed use and multifamily residential? I think it's pretty clear that single-
family residential, we're not going to achieve more moderately priced—I'm
sorry?

Council Member Burt: You need it either accepted or ...

Council Member Berman:      I do.   I was answering the question that the
Mayor asked me.

Mayor Holman: Now that it's identified more clearly, Council Member
DuBois, do you accept?

Council Member DuBois:     I'd like to vote on it separately.   I have some
questions too.

Mayor Holman:     You need a second, Council Member Berman.             I'm not
hearing one.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion,” direct Staff and the CAC to explore
policies and programs that can increase the allowable area for mixed use
and affordable housing.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Berman: One last point is on—I'm fine with "C" and "D"
and having Staff and the CAC evaluate these policies and programs. No,
excuse me, "B" and "C." We also have to keep in mind that the larger
                                                                       Page 95 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
