                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Egan: We've done that, particularly in the cultural assessment surveys.
Keep in mind that we aren't here to investigate. When things are raised to
us, there's—say someone raises an issue that could be potentially
harassment or discrimination or misconduct, it does put this whole process
in an awkward situation. There are disgruntled people that are under
performance improvement plans or that are about to be terminated or are
being held accountable or changing their duties that may be unhappy. We
do get that information. There's disgruntled people in every organization.
It's hard for us to dedicate the time to figuring out which employees are
legitimately disgruntled and which ones have a theme that emerges, which
is why the online surveys are helpful to us. We can look especially over time
to see if there's dipping areas in communication or direction from your
supervisor, what are the themes as opposed to the specific details. I like the
idea that you might do something organizationally and keep our process sort
of high level with the survey. I would encourage you to move away from the
in-person interviews.     I think that it's confusing, and there are other
avenues for employees with concerns to raise those.

Council Member Berman: Which is something we've had a bit over the past
couple of months.

Council Member Kniss: Pat, you've been here for nine years now, almost.
Have you done an evaluation every year of the CAOs?

Chair Burt: Every year of the CAOs. I'm trying to remember whether every
year we have done the direct reports where that started ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Three or four years ago.

Chair Burt: I guess we've only done that for maybe four—maybe it’s not five
years. One thing I would just add is that we had one year where we had an
area where one of the CAOs who we interviewed, we wanted to help address
some issues that were going on. We actually engaged the review consultant
to do this supplemental work.      It was very helpful in that particular
circumstance. We treated that as a carve-out from the normal function.

Ms. Egan: That's not a bad idea. That's what we've done in other agencies,
but only if there's a problem or the Council feels like maybe there's
something here that we can't ignore and go back and bring us information
about contracting or whatever it is that the issue is raised.

Council Member Kniss: I need to just come down a little more on this.
When I worked for a big company, I was—maybe not evaluated. Maybe
we're using two different words. There was a performance evaluation,
especially for reasons of salary and so forth. Those certainly went on once a
                                                                                     Page 9 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
