                           TRANSCRIPT
time has begun to move the dial toward recognizing the importance of
natural ecosystems within our urban environment, not just in our natural
setting but throughout our urban environment and an expanding urban
environment and a declining natural environment. The criticality of us
beginning to have a vision where our built environment becomes integrated
and a renewal of our natural environment to the degree that it can. We're
never going to make our developed environment be the same as our natural.
We shouldn't have this sharp segregation between the two. This is, I think,
the great opportunity. If we look back on this period in time as a transition
toward an understanding that we're moving toward a more knowledgeable
and ecologically sound vision of what an urban forest and urban flora
environment is about and how that contributes to a vibrant fauna that goes
along with it. That's about a natural ecology, and that's a huge opportunity
and one that if we move in that direction significantly, we're going to be able
to look back on it in 10 and 20 years and say, "This was a really important
demarcation." When I look at the goals and the policies and programs, Goal
Number 5 is where we've for the time recognized some of these criticalities
of the natural environment. We have one long policy. I can't find any
programs under Goal Number 5. Walter, am I misreading that in any way?
Are there any programs under "5?" Okay. I was looking and I didn't want
to misstate. That's not a "got you." I literally wanted to make sure I
wasn't—that's on page 476 of the packet, page 149 of the Urban Forest
Master Plan. I would like to allow other colleagues to speak but, when it
comes time for a Motion, what I'm going to hope to do is have a Motion
supporting adoption of the Master Plan and giving direction for a year from
now to come back with a revision that will more fully address the issues of
how to shift our focus more toward a natural ecology and in that interim to
engage with the environmental community whose missions are about our
natural ecology as well as our tree canopies in general. This is not a
competition between two different visions. It's an evolution of a progressive
vision. We're moving from an historic one where we valued trees in and of
themselves as this intrinsic value, and that we have this opportunity to
continue to embrace that but have a broader vision. I'm looking forward to
that discussion.

Council Member Scharff: First of all, I'll just ask the question about having
Walter on the sustainability leadership group. Several speakers mentioned
that. Maybe the City Manager or somebody could address that issue. Is
that in the Plan, first of all, or is that not in the Plan? Is that appropriate for
discussion tonight, not appropriate?

Mr. Sartor: Walter has been participating with our Sustainability Manager,
Gil Friend. He's not currently a member of the Sustainability Board, but
that's something that we can talk to Gil about.
                                                                             Page 79 of 92
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/11/15
