                         TRANSCRIPT
specific. Whereas, the second one, impact on the jobs/housing imbalance, it
doesn't matter where it is in town as long as it's within, for example, the
Palo Alto School District and the other things that impact housing demand.
This is a surprise. I looked at the pipeline. The pipeline's got 150,000
square feet of office space in it, of which 120,000 square feet is in the Cal.
Ave. area. I didn't expect that. I would have thought it was coming in
Downtown/University Avenue. 120,000 square feet of office development,
which is 2 1/2 times the annual meter we're talking about, could be a
significant impact.    The El Camino/Page Mill intersection is generally
regarded as the worst intersection in town. As we talk about El Camino as
boundaries, it makes quite a bit of difference whether you're talking about El
Camino next to Page Mill Road or El Camino in between Arastradero and San
Antonio. Maybe we should look at those differently. That's one observation.
The other observation is if we decide that we would prefer that there was
office development in south El Camino, maybe there's a relationship
between that and the annual meter we set. If we say we're going to exclude
such-and-such an area, it may be that 50,000 square feet isn't the right
number anymore. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. That's my two observations
on the boundaries. I hope other people can add on that.

Council Member Burt:         I concur with Council Member Filseth on the
coordinated area plan issue. While that is a valid consideration when we
look at our long-term ordinance, after we've adopted the Comp Plan and we
have these coordinated area plans. The fact is right now we have one,
which is the SOFA II area, that would apply here. That's premature. We
don't need to throw that in at this time. I wouldn't want to see 40,000
square feet in a single year get thrown into the SOFA development, for
instance. I don't want to create that as the Downtown loophole, which then
squeezes any Downtown office to be motivated to be put into that area. I'll
also comment that I also was somewhat surprised by the number of square
feet in the Cal. Ave. area. That, once again, speaks to something that I've
brought up for a number of years. The base FAR permitted in Cal. Ave. is
twice—is it twice what Downtown is? Downtown is a 1.0, and it's a 2.0 in
Cal. Ave. What they can build according to current zoning without having to
purchase Transfer of Development Rights and potentially with different
parking issues is different in Cal. Ave. That's part of what's happening. The
other part is that there's available land in Cal. Ave., and it's become more
valuable. That's driving development there.

Mayor Holman: I have just a quick couple of comments, and then I'm
hoping we can get to a motion on this quickly. There's one other thing that
we're not talking about in terms of including El Camino. I support including
El Camino. Here's why. I would not want to see it be where other
development goes if we try to exclude it. The other is as part of our Comp
                                                                       Page 51 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
