                          TRANSCRIPT

never insinuated that it should be to proportionality. We couldn't get to
proportionality of renters to homeowners with five new additions. I also
never said that it should be Palo Alto Forward members. I think absolutely
the fact that this is coming to Council means that we will all use our different
criteria, our different personal criteria to determine who we're going to vote
for. I would not encourage there to be more Palo Alto Forward people
appointed. That's not my goal at all. I think if what you acknowledged is
there is a desire to balance it out between Palo Alto Forward and other
groups, I'd also say there's a lot of disagreement within Palo Alto Forward. I
don't go to a lot of the meetings, but I know enough of the people to know
that they have very different opinions on different contentious issues in the
community. I don't think it's fair to claim that they all think alike and would
vote alike. Without a doubt, I think we're all cognizant of the fact that
there's an imbalance of group affiliation of the current CAC members. I'll
speak for myself in saying that I’m not interested in exacerbating that. I
don't that that should be a litmus test, and I don't think that we should just
automatically go and appoint five members from a different group. I do
think that there is a lack of age diversity and renter/homeowner diversity on
the group. That's frankly what I’m interested in addressing. I would go out
and personally seek out people who have never heard of Palo Alto Forward
to hopefully apply for the Commission.

Council Member Wolbach: I do have to disagree with Council Member Burt
that the currently proposed amendment forces a discussion about Palo Alto
Forward or Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning or PAN or any other group
affiliation. I think that age diversity and renter/homeowner balance, those
are both things that were originally intended, not necessarily proportionality,
just like neighborhood diversity.        Again, neighborhood diversity was
mentioned in the original motion. Neighborhood diversity was mentioned in
the original direction to Staff, not with the expectation of perfect
proportionality, but it was recognized as important variables. In the original
directions to Staff, we did not talk about political leanings. We did not talk
about group affiliations. We did call for—actually we might have talked a
little bit about group affiliations, but certainly not to the point of
proportionality. We certainly didn't say that membership in any particular
group would be a black mark. To be clear, if the supposed imbalance were
the other way around and the current number of Palo Altans for Sensible
Zoning members was eight and the number of Palo Alto Forward members
was three, I would have the same position. I don't want this to be
politicized in any sense. I think it's also important to note that Palo Altans
for Sensible Zoning is a PAC. Palo Alto Forward, I do not believe is a PAC.
From what I've seen of the two groups, one is certainly more of a big
                                                                        Page 126 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
