                         TRANSCRIPT
is more focused on addressing the ability of the storm drain system to drain
away rainwater that falls on the streets and properties. It wouldn't be doing
flood protection projects that would remove anyone from a flood zone.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no further comments then, now we'll return to the
motion by Council Member Wolbach and second by Council Member Scharff.
Direct Staff to work towards a fall 2016 property owner vote-by-mail
election to authorize imposition of property-related fees to fund the Storm
Drainage Enterprise Fund beyond the funding term of the previous storm
drain measure which property owners approved in 2005, and which sunsets
in June 2017 and, B, direct the City Manager to appoint a citizens advisory
committee to assist Staff with development of the 2016 funding measure
including a list of operational programs and capital improvement projects to
be funded by the fees. Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously
on an 8-0 vote with Council Member Burt absent. Thank you, colleagues.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent
24.   Colleagues Memo Regarding Studying Policy to Increase Accessory
      Dwelling Units (ADU's).

Mayor Holman: With that then, we move to Item Number 24 which was
moved ahead of Item 23. Does Staff have any comments? If Staff has no
comments, then which one of the ...

James Keene, City Manager: We move approval. I'm just kidding.

Mayor Holman: Which one of the signers cares to kick this off?

Male: Council Member Wolbach should (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, would you care to make the
presentation then?

Council Member Wolbach: Sure. I'm happy to hear from members of the
public first if Council Members are ...

Mayor Holman: No, this would be sort of like having the Staff presentation
first, so it's appropriate for you to kick this off.

Council Member Scharff: Are you going to come back to him for the motion?
That's what we typically do.

Mayor Holman: We'll come back, yes, because we do have a member of the
public who wants to speak to this. Council Member Wolbach should be
allowed to kick it off.
                                                                       Page 99 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
