                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Eleven protests. There are 19,493 property owners and
water customers subject to the rate changes, meaning that 9,747 protests
are needed to create a majority. The City Clerk has provided the number of
written protests received against the proposed water rate which is 11. The
total number received, 11, is not higher than 50 percent. Since there is no
majority protest on water rates, the water rate changes and drought
surcharges may be adopted tonight. Now we will discuss the water rates.

Council Member DuBois: We're just asking general questions here?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: I mostly want to focus on this drought surcharge.
I appreciate you guys did provide some answers. I saw in the Minutes, I
guess, of the Finance Committee, there's a plan to communicate this in the
bill, I think, to consumers. I just hope the communication is clear. I read
through a lot of this stuff, and it was still, I think, confusing. I think it's
really important we communicate that clearly. I'm still not clear over the
timeframe that a conserving consumer will be defined. If we implement this
drought surcharge in September, yeah September, are we just comparing
August usage to September usage?

Mr. Abendschein: We will not be tracking individual customer's usage and
adjusting charges based on that, I mean except to the extent that we're
billing them based on their usage.         There's no formal definition of a
conserving customer. These were simply customers who conserve versus
customers who don't conserve and how their bills with the drought
surcharges will compare to their bills in a non-drought year.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I'm still having trouble understanding that.
Is it not individualized based on, say, my address' usage in a ...

Mr. Abendschein: No, absolutely not.

Council Member DuBois: It's an absolute number?

Mr. Abendschein: It's very simple. There's a 39 cent surcharge on every
unit of consumption up to 6 ccf and $1.14 surcharge on every unit
afterwards. That's a ...

Council Member DuBois: It's a total volume of use. If you have a large
household and you're using a lot of water and you cut back, you'll still pay a
drought surcharge.
                                                                        Page 41 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
