                         TRANSCRIPT
     Local Energy Accessible Now (CLEAN) Program’s Existing 20-Year
     Contract Term Option; (2) Continue the CLEAN Program for Solar
     Resources at a Contract Price Reduced from 16.5¢/kWh to the Avoided
     Cost of the Solar Energy Generated (10.3 ¢/kWh to 10.4 ¢/kWh) with
     a Program Cap of 3 Megawatts; and (3) Expand the CLEAN Program's
     Eligibility to Non-Solar Renewable Energy Resources with a Program
     Cap of 3 Megawatts at a Contract Price Equal to the Avoided Cost of
     the Non-Solar Energy Generated (9.3 ¢/kWh to 9.4 ¢/kWh)
     (Continued from May 18, 2015).”

Jane Ratchye, Assistant Director Utilities: Jane Ratchye, Assistant Director
of Utilities. I do have a brief presentation, and I'll try to go through it
quickly, so you can get to your discussion. Briefly, this program was first
approved by the Council in March 2012 with a 14 cent per kilowatt hour
price for local renewable solar projects. The program had an expiration date
at that time at the end of 2012. We came back in December 2012. The
Council updated the price to 16.5 cents per kilowatt hour and set a cap of 2
megawatts. Then it was returned to the Council again a year later as
requested. There was no deadline put in at that time. We returned in
February 2014, and the Council retained the 16.5 cent per kilowatt hour
price but increased the cap to 3 megawatts. We were again advised to
return to the Council in a year to reassess the price. As we were going
forward with that, we first went to the UAC, and we proposed at that time to
maintain the price again at 16.5 cents a kilowatt hour but to add a 25-year
contract term. Staff proposed adding non-solar renewable projects, but the
UAC did not support that at that time. We went to the Finance Committee in
March 2015. The Finance Committee voted to reduce the price to the
avoided cost of local solar which is equal to the price of remote solar plus
the cost of transmission and losses to bring it to Palo Alto, which is about
10.3 cents for a 20-year term and 10.4 cents for a 25-year term, also to
open it to non-solar renewables—we're mostly thinking about the anaerobic
digester for that type of local renewable—and include a 3 megawatt cap for
solar plus an additional separate 3 megawatt cap for the non-solar local
renewables. That's where we are today. I wanted to go back over where
some of the motivation for this was. Council did adopt on the Earth Day
meeting in 2014 a Local Solar Plan that called for trying to get 4 percent of
the City's electric use from local solar from all different kinds of programs
that we could think of to try to expand local solar in Palo Alto. We had the
PV Partners Program which is the primary program we've had to get solar in
Palo Alto. At this point about a month ago, we've had about 6.4 megawatts
of solar installed. In order to get to the 4 percent goal, we need 23
megawatts. We're a little more than a quarter of the way through the goal.
It took us a long time, from 1999 until now, to get to 1.1 percent. We're
hoping to try to quadruple that total by 2023. That was what the Local Solar
                                                                        Page 19 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/27/15
