                          TRANSCRIPT
analysis where we've gone through and looked at not only what's been
detrimental about PCs that were poorly executed and poorly enforced, but
what benefits have occurred. Through this discussion over the last year and
a half, we haven't seen any progress on that. We didn't see it really from
Staff coming forward with that analysis. We didn't see it from the Planning
and Transportation Commission. We really didn't see an effort by the
Planning and Transportation Commission to reform the PC process, and so
we're left with something that is unreformed. We have this choice of can it
or embrace something that is clearly broken. I don't think that's the right
choice. I want to know whether we have good alternatives to replace it, and
then make our decision. If we do, for instance would an affordable housing
overlay achieve within certain boundaries the objectives of affordable
housing that are probably the biggest achievements that we've had in PCs,
but not the only ones? People have said, "I don't know of any good PC
projects." We haven't gone through that list and looked at it. I would say
that this Council is not very familiar with really the history of the projects
we've had, what's worked and what hasn't. Take for example the PC that's
on the—I guess that's the southeast corner of University and Ramona,
Spanish Colonial style on the end of Ramona. Not only is that a building that
the design is generally very well embraced by the community, and it has a
great design, it has courtyards that are favorable, it has an entire floor of
underground parking that is public parking that came about as a result of
that PC. I don't recall much of anybody ever criticizing that PC; they've
embraced it. They like the building. They like the public benefit of parking.
We haven't had enough of those kinds of results. If it was a choice of one in
ten PCs being good and we're going to be stuck with nine out of ten that are
bad, that's a pretty clear choice for me. Maybe that is what the choice is,
but I just haven't seen us do the analysis. We haven't been presented with
that analysis, and we haven't performed it. We've had a process that has
been here for 50 years. It's clearly gotten sideways. It may not be
reformable. We are not just here to listen to the public and follow them; we
are here to listen to them. We are here to value their insights and their
opinions. We're also elected to lead, and that may mean that in some cases
we say, "We need to look at this more thoroughly than what has been done
yet." Then make quality decisions which may in fact be for me eliminate the
PC. I don't see it; I just don't see this as a responsible action by the Council
if we tonight choose to eliminate it. I think we need to go through the
additional analysis to make good, quality decisions. If that decision is
eliminate it, I'm fine with that. I don't see that we've gotten to that point. I
think the Council really needs to look at not just kind of running from a
problem. I think we need to analyze it, understand it and make quality
decisions. That's where I stand on it.

Mayor Holman: You're clearly not supporting the motion.
                                                                          Page 71 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
