                         TRANSCRIPT
that just kind of constantly trailed us when I was there was the Registrar of
Voters and how that got handled and the number of times we've heard that
our County does not handle the returns well. I was delighted to hear there's
now enough money to actually put return postage on; that's very
impressive. Maybe if you could comment on those two items which there
will be an election very soon. In addition, I'm interested in where do we go
with VTA, the Board of Supervisors and BART or high speed rail or whatever
it may be.

Supervisor Simitian: Let me start with the transportation issue. As Liz's
comment suggests, the potential for a measure to be placed on the ballot
exists both at the Board of Supervisors and at the Valley Transportation
Authority. It went on the VTA—excuse me. The measure in 2000 was
approved by VTA at the time, because the Board of Supervisors at the time
could not get a two-thirds vote in support of any one plan. Back in the year
2000, then Mayor Ron Gonzales of San Jose and Carl Guardino, who was the
exec at what was then called the Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group, came
to our Board with a plan. It was not a plan that generated support at the
Board level. In fact there was one of five Board Members, Supervisor
McCue, who said he could support it. The rest of us said we could not. This
is in the, I'll call it, late spring of 2000. We were very clear with Mayor
Gonzales and with the Manufacturing Group, theirs is not a plan we can
support. If you're looking for support, you need to come back with a
different plan. I will say coincidentally, one that had countywide congestion
relief implications. A little time passed; that didn't happen. I picked up the
phone and called Mr. Guardino at the time and said, "Clock's ticking. We're
going to run short of time here. Is there another plan?" He said, "Since you
all were the ones saying our plan was inadequate to the purpose, we
thought you were going to come up with the alternative plan" Okay. I
spent the better part of that summer pulling together a plan with help from
transportation professionals in the County and came back with a plan that I
thought really did provide meaningful congestion relief across the county. It
would have required four votes to go on the ballot. It was a mix of both
transit and roads and highways, because our Board is empowered to do that.
We ended up getting three votes, Supervisor McCue, Supervisor Don Gage
and myself, but we could not get a fourth vote. Interestingly and perhaps
relevant to the comments that Liz made, the two members who couldn't
support it were Supervisors Blanca Alvarado and Jim Beall, both of whom
were from San Jose and had served on the San Jose City Council. Because
we couldn't get four votes, VTA then became the venue. At the time, the
law provided that VTA could only do transit projects; they could not put road
and highway projects on the ballot. What you got in 2000 was a transit
only, BART heavy package. That is why the results 15 years later are what
we have shared with you. Fast forward now, 15 years, 16 years coming up.
                                                                        Page 8 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
