                          TRANSCRIPT
and we get to a difficult thing, a lot of times we have a little parking lot.
We'll just say, "Why don't we put this in a parking lot?" You've identified
some of the issues, let us go back and a little more clear-headed and give
you the examples so you understand it. Come back and then drive through
the ones you can definitely get done. You may look and say, "We've got
three or four parking lot items."

Mayor Holman: That was what I was suggesting, that Group 5, CEQA, be—
it's a substitute Motion, that Group 5, CEQA, Section 18, 19 and 20 be
deferred and come back at a later time. Looking for a second.

Council Member Wolbach: Which pages?

Mayor Holman: Group 5. It's CEQA, Section 18.31.010. I could just make
it that. I'll make it discrete then. I'll make a Motion that Section 18.31.010,
delegation of CEQA authority, be deferred to return to Council at a later
date.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:         Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to continue discussion of the addition of Municipal Code
Sections 18.31.010, 18.31.020, and 18.31.030.

Mayor Holman: Speaking briefly to it. I have some more questions of this.
I think there's some other things we can accomplish tonight. I don't think
there's any point in trying to beat any further on this particular item at this
time. Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: I agree.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I won't support the substitute Motion. In fact, I
would second Council Member Wolbach's Motion, if Council Member DuBois
is not interested. What I heard was this. I heard a simple explanation that
State law requires that the decision maker on the entitlements make the
CEQA decision as well. I understood that was State law. I said to myself,
"We should be in compliance with State law." Seems pretty simple to me.
That doesn't mean that it's not what we're calling the parking lot or Tier 2
discussion about how we want to structure—it's not CEQA decisions. Who
then makes the entitlement decisions? I'm probably good with who makes
the entitlement decision and that we have appeals, because I don't want
everything to come to Council. I think we could over-think this. I am
interested in what we're doing today, which is a cleanup process. As part of
                                                                        Page 99 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
