                          TRANSCRIPT
from the City of Tsuchiura. Barbara and Joe Evans of Neighbors Abroad
nominated me to participate, and Mayor Holman agreed to allow me to
participate. I want to thank everybody for that. I started training in
earnest, and you can see maps of Palo Alto where I trekked around the City.
There's one in the lower left where I went up and visited my sister in
Washington. We ran along Lake Washington as well. In February, I
received an email from Watasan of the City of Tsuchiura. She was very
worried, and she said this, "I'm a little worried about your health, because
you'll join the Paris marathon one week before." I assured Watasan that I
wasn't going to run the entire Paris marathon. I appreciated her concern.
We get to April. I did go to Paris per plan, and I did run with my sister. I
started; I finished with her. I met her at the 30 kilometer rest point. In
between, you can see I was enjoying some Starbucks coffee in Paris. I flew
directly from Paris to Tsuchiura. It was a whirlwind trip. It was packed with
events. The first full day was a city tour. I also had a reunion with the
family who hosted my son last year. It was great to see them as well. On
the second day, we had a soba making event that was put on by the
Tsuchiura International Association. We made lots of friends with the folks
of that association. You can see in this slide there was another runner from
Germany, Friedrichshafen. That's also a Sister City of Tsuchiura. Marathon
eve party; there was a party before the marathon. This is where you can
see Mayor Nakagawa giving his remarks. I also read the letter from Mayor
Holman to Mayor Nakagawa. You can see him there intently listening to
what I'm saying. I presented it to him afterwards. Day of the race; it was a
little bit overwhelming how many people came out to cheer us on. Just
coming down from the hotel, there was at least a dozen, probably more,
people, well wishers, that came down, walked us over to the race. They set
up a big tarp on the grass where they all sat and watched the race and
cheered us on. It was an incredible amount of support from the city.
Nakajima sensei, Keiko Nakajima, who was the former vice president of the
Neighbors Abroad for the Tsuchiura relationship, was in Japan and she came
out to cheer me on as well. It was great to see everybody. You can see all
of the folks there with their Palo Alto shirts on. This is me finishing the race.
The upper left there is my view from the starting line. These are shots taken
of me after I've crossed. Just a couple of things. This is a really big deal for
them to invite us over. In Paris, I was one of 40,000 people. If you look at
the chart in the upper right, this is the list of the people that are
participating in the marathon. I was number one on the list. That's how
much importance they put on this. I was overwhelmed by that. This is the
certificate of completion. I did complete it. My goal was to do 10-minute
miles. I'm definitely a turtle, not a hare. I did finish within two minutes of
that target. I was very happy with that. On the last day, we did a day of
sightseeing. The Tsuchiura International Association held a farewell party
for us. It was a wonderful day and nice way to spend the last day in Japan.
                                                                         Page 23 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
