                         TRANSCRIPT

for the ridership that they serve. We had planned a fourth route which we
were trying to gain some private company support for. Unfortunately we
have not been able to gain support for that fourth route. One of the things
that came up in some of the conversations around that route was that we
really should have a sort of more comprehensive vision for who the shuttle is
serving and how we would develop a plan to serve that population, and we
agreed. What we are engaging in now is the development of sort of a five-
year shuttle plan. Taking a step back and looking at who we're serving with
the shuttle, whether there's an opportunity to expand that customer base
and what are the gaps, where are the areas where the shuttle could be
much more effective than it currently is. Our goal is to develop that
comprehensive plan in the next couple of months and bring that back to
Council for review. This we feel would give us a sort of comprehensive
strategy in designing a shuttle rather than kind of bringing forward
piecemeal routes. Our goal really is to make the shuttle a really important
part of our mobility services here in Palo Alto. The last piece that I want to
mention is pilot employee programs, talking about how do we incentivize our
own employees to not drive to work. Right now the City is sponsoring a
Caltrain Go Pass program which has, at last count, 117 participants, most of
whom are using the Go Pass four or five days a week, which is significant.
We are going to continue to investigate a provision for parking cash-out and
other incentives to help employees choose Go Pass and other sustainable
options. Now I quickly want to go through the parking supply measures. As
most of you know, we have just finished our first year trial of the Lot R
valet-assist program which has allowed us to sell significantly more permits
at the Lot R garage down here at the sort of southwest end of Downtown.
We will be rolling out the valet program at the other garages as well as we
start to roll out the RPP program. This will allow us to park at least 180
more cars in the three garages combined. Most likely it will be more than
that, because that's the actual number of spots that's opened up. Typically
we sell more permits than we have spots. We will be getting ready to roll
that out as well. We are going to send communication to folks who park at
all those garages to let them know of the changes in the operation of the
garage. Satellite parking, I wanted to give an update on this investigation.
Last year we took to Council the idea of potentially designing a satellite
parking lot for this stretch of Embarcadero Road east of Highway 101. The
idea was that we would take a look at this stretch of road and see whether it
made any sort of sense to implement a parking lot on the north side of the
road here. We did the investigation. One of the things that has come up as
interesting is that the traffic impact analysis which we performed and the
traffic volume counts have changed significantly since we began the study

                                                                        Page 6 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
