                          TRANSCRIPT
a lot. This is great. I wanted to comment briefly on a governance question
about the way the UAC and the City Council work with each other. I also
wanted to comment on fuel switching, but I won't try to touch on everything
else that everyone's talked about tonight. Several years ago when I first
joined the UAC, I had this idea that our proper interaction with City Council
was to be an unbiased advisory body, like the Congressional Budget Office
or some kind of bipartisan commission. Many of you and your predecessors
told me clearly that that was not what was most helpful to you. You wanted
us to behave as if we were responsible for running the City in the most
responsible way possible and make decisions. Even though those decisions
are advisory to the City Council, that was what was most helpful and most
efficient for you to be able to look at us taking distinct positions on matters,
but then give you something very specific that you could either agree with or
disagree with, in any case, something that was as black and white and
tangible as possible. As a Commission over the last several years, we've
taken that to heart. All of us approach each of these issues imagining that
we are responsible for the ultimately decision, the role that in fact the City
Council has, trying to make the right decision, trying to articulate for the
minutes and the record why we're doing that. I hope that's proved useful to
those of you who have been around for several years and sounds about right
to those of you who are new to the Council. I invite any of you to comment
on that in a moment. I wanted to take a moment on fuel switching, because
it is one of the most complex issues we've faced in many years. I believe
and have discussed publicly that we have experts around that can help us
get to the right decision on this one. I am personally as strong an advocate
for sustainability as there is anywhere, but it needs to be done thoughtfully
and in a way that doesn't create superficial headlines of sustainability but
does genuinely help the planet and does protect our ratepayers at the same
time. The fuel switching issue is that we have a zero carbon electric supply;
therefore, perhaps it makes sense to switch from gas to electricity for
heating our houses and heating our domestic hot water. That's the fuel
switching question. Most of our furnaces and water heaters today are gas-
fired. That has a carbon footprint associated with it. The argument goes if
we can move to our zero carbon electric supply for space heating and water
heating, that ought to reduce our carbon footprint. That sounds pretty
simple. Why is it complicated? Our electricity comes from the western grid
of the United States. That grid is more than 60 percent powered by gas.
We quite correctly say that our electricity isn't, because we're purchasing
enough zero carbon electricity in a few RECs and offsets to true it up to 100
percent. That's true on a spreadsheet basis, but the grid that we get our
electricity from is still predominantly gas-fired. That's one reason why it's
complicated. It's also complicated from an electric rate point of view. This
will push our homeowners into higher electric tiers, so we'll have to re-
engineer the rates appropriately, much like the problem that happened when

04/20/2015                                                              117- 278
