                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. As I said, we haven't concluded
the historical analysis as being done by Sheldon's firm. We will have that in
our hands shortly. I think there should be no problem in asking the HRB's
input at some point in the environmental review process.

Mayor Holman: Just a little bit of clarity. At some point, so not after ARB is
complete then, I would presume. Early enough to be meaningful.

Ms. Gitelman: Understood.

Mayor Holman: Good, thank you. Seeing no other lights, I believe that
concludes this item. Thank you all, applicant and colleagues, Staff.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Fire Safety Month Poster Award Recognition to Palo Alto Unified School
     District Students for Excellence in Design, Art and Messaging.

Mayor Holman: Our next item on the agenda, Item Number 2, is Special
Orders of the Day. This is Fire Safety Month Poster Award recognition to
Palo Alto Unified School District students for excellence in design, art and
messaging. Welcome, Eric.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: Good evening. Good evening, Madam Mayor and
Honorable Council Members. As we get our students in here, they're getting
an extra lesson tonight in local government and the methodical process that
we go through here. We apologize for the noise we were making a little bit
earlier. We'll quickly jump into this. My name's Eric Nickel, and I'm the Fire
Chief.     I'm excited to introduce a group of extraordinary youth fire
prevention students that are filing in here. As you entered the Council
chambers this evening, I hope you all had an opportunity to take a look at
the excellent safety artwork that is hanging on the walls in there by some of
these amazing artists that I'll get to introducing here just in a moment. As
you know, October is Fire Prevention Month, or was Fire Prevention Month.
It was established to commemorate the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 that
killed more than 250 people and left 100,000 people homeless. This year
the Palo Alto Fire Department hosted a series of events including open
houses, a City employee safety day, a nationally recognized conference of
government leaders, industry officials and leading academic researchers for
the Smart Home Summit, and of course our annual Youth Fire Safety Poster
Contest. This year's theme was "hear the beep while you sleep." Got a nice
little catchy rhyme to it. There's a story behind it, because roughly half the
home fire deaths result from fires reported between 11:00 p.m. and 7:00
a.m. when most people are asleep. Smoke alarms save lives. Having a
working smoke alarm cuts the chances of dying in a house fire in half. The
                                                                       Page 18 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
