                          TRANSCRIPT
Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer and Administrator Services Director: Lalo
Perez, Chief Financial Officer. Yes, we have minus one and maybe plus two
from the last time that we discussed ...

Council Member Berman: Minus one is the Ming's site?

Mr. Perez: Correct. There's discussions about maybe a Mercedes Benz
dealership going in there, so that triggers a sales tax. You bring up some
good points. The City Manager and I were talking about that we need to
provide you a more regular report on this Infrastructure Master Plan. We're
trying to decide what the commitment can be. Learning from lessons of the
prior plan, there were changes that were made, but we weren't presenting
them in front of you on a more frequent basis to make better informed
decision or to have a tally, if you will, an accountability, for us as an
organization. That's one of the things we'll have to do. Going back to your
comment on the TOT. We were conservatively estimating about 70 percent
of the revenue generated. Because of the escalation of the costs, that could
help us offset or because a recession could hit at any point without us
having a buffer. That was part of the thinking. Capturing the comments
you're making, it's an excellent point and we'll let you know what that
frequency is and see what your feedback is, whether that's appropriate and
what components would be included in there. You'd have that.

Council Member Scharff: I also would like to obviously support the AEDs,
and hopefully we'll move forward on that. I want to talk a little bit about the
City Manager's memo and the Code Enforcement Officer. When the Code
Enforcement Officer came to us, one of the things we did was drill down with
Director Gitelman and asked the question is there a backlog. Are complaints
not being gotten to? Are we not getting the Code enforcement done that we
need to do? Obviously it's better to have more capacity in the system.
What we heard as a Committee was that we are getting the work done.
That didn't make a strong argument for why we need a new Code
Enforcement person. That's been validated by the City Manager when we
asked him—not looking at whether or not it should be a Code Enforcement
person or anything—to go find us three positions in the City that would be
your top picks if you were not going to fund something or if you were going
to cut something existing. He came back with the Code Enforcement person
as the number one. That validates it. Obviously if we are not getting to the
Code enforcement and we need to get to it, then we should hire someone.
That wasn't the impression I got when we talked with Director Gitelman. On
that, I would support the memo of the City Manager in terms of which
positions we should not go forward with. Even though there was strong
support for the Technologist position—that was the more interesting thing at
Finance. We liked the idea of the Technologist position. Both Chiefs made a
                                                                         Page 44 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
