                         TRANSCRIPT
providing the bicycle and pedestrian amenities that are much needed at that
interchange. The recommended solution has a round-about at the 280
southbound ramps and a signalized intersection at the I-280 northbound
ramps as well as a signalized intersection at Old Page Mill Road to provide
access to the community that's located in the northeast quadrant of the
interchange.      The plan includes a number of bicycle and pedestrian
elements. That's the highlight of the plan. These include a shared-use path
on the north side of the roadway, which would allow pedestrians and cyclists
not to have to travel on the roadway. They'd be able to travel in a separate
shared-use path that would pass beneath the off ramps from 280 to avoid
any conflict with the vehicles exiting and entering 280 there. This also
includes improving the bike lanes on Page Mill Road for those more
advanced cyclists and a shared-use path that extends to the east from the
interchange. Marching east a little bit. Between the interchange and
Foothill Expressway, the proposal is to widen the six lanes. Generally that
would be within the existing right-of-way. By using the median area, there
would not be too significant a right-of-way increase. The only associated
right-of-way is tied to the shared-use path that would be provided between
Deer Creek Road and the interchange. Right now the existing shared-use
path deviates away from Page Mill Road west of Deer Creek. We would
extend that between Deer Creek and the interchange, which would provide a
continuous bicycle connection both on the north side along Old Page Mill
Road and on the south side from Foothill Expressway to the interchange.
Regarding the grade separation, three alternatives were evaluated, looking
at different configurations at Page Mill Road through-traffic relative to
Foothill, whether it goes up or under or whether there's some adjustment to
both Foothill and Page Mill. The conclusion was that all three would be
carried forward into further analysis, environmental analysis and design
evaluation at a later date. All three would still be on the table. As Dawn
mentioned, some improvements were proposed for Page Mill Road and
Hanover Street to provide some through bicycle connections and improve
the level of service to that intersection. Some improvements were proposed
at Page Mill and El Camino Real to improve some of the queuing issues that
occur at that intersection today.        We did an evaluation of all these
improvements. Put together, what does that do to travel time in the
corridor? Looking at existing conditions, you can see that benefits are
substantial.    It's extremely congested, very severe congestion current
conditions. By widening and improving the interchange and extending an
additional through-lane through Foothill, we're able to achieve a 60 percent
travel time reduction in the morning, 45 percent in the P.M. Very substantial
benefits. You can see those improvements hold up out to year 2025,
particularly in the morning. The 2025 baseline includes the widening of Page
Mill Road. That's why you see that significant improvement in travel time in
2025. Looking at the roadway itself, you can see the existing conditions.
                                                                         Page 5 of 82
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/22/15
