                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Thank you guys very much for the presentation
and also clearly for the very robust outreach that you guys have conducted
in the community and creative ways of getting input from folks that might
not necessarily come to a scheduled meeting. I think that's a great idea. I
just had a couple of kind of thoughts. You can take them or leave them.
One of them I mentioned to the Art Commission when they were here a
couple of months ago. Public art, I'm a huge fan. I think not only can public
art kind of create something out of nothing and add a lot of value and kind
of an opportunity for residents to stop and think and enjoy in an area that
didn't have it before. I also think public art can be used to make something
that might be a little bit ugly a little less so. One of the things I know has
been a point of contention in the community and I drive by probably every
other day is the affordable housing complex on the corner of Alma and
Homer. I'm a huge fan of the project, but it kind of created these big walls
right along the Caltrain corridor for a reason. It's to kind of mitigate the
sound noise from Caltrain for the residents who live there. If there were
something, some mural-type project or something like that that could turn
what's currently just kind of big, blank walls into something a little bit
aesthetically appealing, I'd be all for that and I think a lot of other folks
would too. Another thing that I've begun to notice as we've taken some
efforts along the Caltrain corridor is we're now noticing a lot of graffiti along
the walls on the west side of the Caltrain tracks. There are I'm sure all sorts
of safety issues there and other things that might kind of inhibit what we can
do, but if there were ideas that folks had for how we could kind of beautify
that area a little bit, that'd be a neat project. That's kind of all I've got.
Thank you guys very much. I'm looking forward to seeing the finished
product in about six months.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Hi. I did meet the mobile art team. That was very
cool, nice guys, very engaging. I'm excited to see you guys doing that. I
know you had south Palo Alto on your list. I'd say consider some of the
parks in the south and also look at the southwest. We just talked about the
Charleston-Arastradero corridor. I think that corridor on the way to Gunn
High School could be an interesting place. There's not a lot of City things
over in that area specifically. I don't know if it's done by the City or not;
occasionally we have artist open houses. I think events like that are really
interesting, where we just take advantage of all the artists that are resident
here in Palo Alto. I'm looking forward to seeing the result of the Master Art
Plan. I'm curious if there are what you guys would consider comparable
cities and if there are kind of best practices we can pull from in terms of
what cities would you compare us to and do they have master arts programs
that we can kind of borrow from.
                                                                          Page 6 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
