                             MINUTES
Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Department Assistant Director, utilized
the compound annual growth rate. The average was approximately 5.6
percent.

Council Member Scharff asked if the City would fully fund the Annual
Required Contribution (ARC).

Mr. Rossmann answered yes. On the pension side, the ARC was based on
the rate of payroll. Because of vacancies, the ARC was not fully funded at
yearend. As part of the FY 2016 Proposed Budget, Staff would recommend
the ARC be fully paid each year.

Council Member Scharff understood the City was fully funding the ARC each
year, and the ARC was the retiree healthcare.

Mr. Rossmann explained that if the City paid the ARC yearly, then it would
pay off the unfunded liability. However, a retiree healthcare valuation was
issued every two years and a pension valuation every year, both of which
changed the amounts due.

Council Member Scharff asked if the City computed the payment as though
refinancing a 30-year mortgage each year or as a closed 30-year period.

Mr. Keene responded the City used a closed amortization.

Council Member Scharff did not understand why the unfunded liability would
not be paid in full at the end of 30 years.

Mr. Rossmann stated the unfunded liability would be paid at the end of 30
years if all things were equal. However, the valuations were constantly
changing and increasing the amount of the unfunded liability. The City could
pay the ARC annually and pay any difference in valuations.

Council Member Scharff wanted to know the value of contributing additional
funds to pay the ARC sooner than 30 years.

Mr. Rossmann indicated the benefit was paying less interest.

Council Member Scharff requested the interest rate.

Mr. Rossmann explained that the interest rate was based on the 7.5 percent
investment earnings. Of the unfunded liability, the actuaries factored in the
interest rate and calculated it over 30 years. If the unfunded liability was
reduced sooner, the annual payment would decrease over 30 years and less
interest would be paid.


03/09/2015                                                             117- 81
