                          TRANSCRIPT
against having street trees. I don't see where there's a reason that we
should vote against this project with the exception of possibly traffic issues.
As I said, then we'd have to vote against all projects. I'm going to move the
Staff recommendation which is that Staff recommends the City Council
approve the Mitigated Negative Dec. We can just say I'll move the approval
of the Mitigated Negative Declaration, MND, and Addendum and Mitigation
Monitoring and Reporting Plan and what it says under the recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second it if you're done. Are you?

Council Member Scharff: I am done.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve:

A.    The Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND) and Addendum; and

B.    The Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Plan (MMRP); and

C.    The revised Site and Design Review application; and

D.    The two Design Enhancement Exceptions (DEEs); and

E.    The three density bonus concessions for the revised project at 441
      Page Mill Road, based on Architectural Review (AR), Design
      Enhancement Exception (DEE), Context Based Design Criteria and
      Density Bonus Findings, and subject to the conditions in the draft
      Record of Land Use Action.

Council Member Scharff: The hour is late and normally I would wait to hear
a little bit from Council Members, more of what they have to say on this. If
there's amendments and things like that, I'm more than open to listening to
it. We need to focus the discussion on the issues before us and bring this to
a conclusion.

Council Member Kniss: I said something earlier about the State law.
Coming up against the State law is like coming up against ABAG. We always
think that we can fight ABAG or we fight what the State tells us or doesn't
tell us sometimes. It's a very frustrating situation. The conversation that
Eric and the Vice Mayor have had has been absolutely right on as far as
traffic goes. Council Member Scharff just said it. If that were the case, that
traffic were to stop any project that were going to take place in this
community, we wouldn't have any projects going ahead. There is always
some type of traffic that is going to impact the project. This one is a tough
one to vote for. Not only does it use design exceptions and a density bonus,

                                                                       Page 135 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
