                          TRANSCRIPT
didn't have a phone utility. I'm really glad we didn't have a phone utility,
because you really wouldn't want to be selling landline phone service these
days. If wireless becomes as fast, why would you want to own a fiber
network? All you're going to do then is pop it up and make it Wi-Fi and if it's
a really competitive market. We keep talking about that it's a useful asset in
the foreseeable future. I mean, I actually didn't think about this until I
listened to Jonathan's presentation today, I mean right now. I asked myself
that question, does that really make sense to invest $70 million or even 40
million or even 20 million if we're going to have a competitive Wi-Fi which is
going to overtake all of this very quickly. I don't know if you want to
respond to that. Maybe you disagree with Jonathan. I think it's unlikely.
That's okay too.

Ms. Hovis: I don't disagree at all. I mean, I use my mobile phone for
carrier service and that gives me mobility. Even when I'm on my laptop,
which does not receive 4G service, I am wireless. I'm never really attached
to a wire. In my hotel room, I'm wireless, but there's a wire that comes
pretty close to me that makes that Wi-Fi possible. Wi-Fi is possible when
there are a whole lot of wires. That, by the way, is true of carrier service as
well which is why they're building a lot of fiber to towers and so on and
using your fiber for that purpose. We need a lot of wires in order to have
great wireless service. The experience of most Americans these days is that
they will be wireless much of the time, sometimes over carrier wireless
networks and sometimes over Wi-Fi which connects to a very close-by wire.

Council Member Wolbach: Council Member Scharff actually beat me to one
of my questions. If there's anything else you'd like to add, feel free. I
would just basically—how confident are we that this really is future proof?
We've heard you say that. I'm still somewhat ambivalent about the future-
proofingness of fiber. One more opportunity if you want to weigh in at all on
that. Anyone? Otherwise, I'll move on to my next question. Jonathan looks
like he wants to say something, so I want to give him a chance.

Mr. Reichental: I mean, I'm 99.99 percent aligned with my colleagues. I
probably wouldn't use future-proofing myself. I've been in technology 25
years and I've seen many examples where that doesn't pan out. If we know
anything about the future, it's very unpredictable. Right now it could go in
many different directions. That's what makes this really difficult for you and
for all of us.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for recognizing that. My other
question is on the wireless side of this evening's discussion. In looking at
the various options, there was one that I didn't see there which I'd like to
                                                                        Page 31 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
