                         TRANSCRIPT
handyman tools and where the children and grandchildren of long-time Palo
Altans play with the children of new owners. Please help us preserve the
sweetness of our neighborhood and protect our privacy by waiving the
substantial and burdensome application fee for a single-story overlay. We
have met all the criteria for application; however, our efforts are being
obstructed by the fee. Many of our residents are on fixed incomes and, for
them, the fee is burdensome. Asking them to pay or for others with more
resources to cover the shortfall has become an uncomfortable topic in our
neighborhood. In essence, it is the only barrier to our moving forward with
an SSO. Thoughtfully planned Eichler neighborhoods where homes are
constructed and situated to maintain homeowner privacy are an important
part of the California modern architecture legacy. That legacy in similar
neighborhoods are being protected elsewhere in the state. We respectfully
ask the City to recognize this legacy and, where neighborhoods are willing to
dedicate so much of their own time to protecting the legacy, we ask that you
please temporarily suspend the single-story overlay application fee. We
know the fee has been waived before for single-story overlay. In fact, we
have yet to identify a situation where a neighborhood has ever paid this fee.
We have two houses preparing to be listed for sale right now. This decision
is urgent. Let us move forward and protect our neighborhood and protect
Staff resources, as you heard, that would be spent on any potential
protracted or contentious battle with whoever might buy those two houses,
should they be purchased by someone who intends to build upwards. We
are ready to move. We are looking to our City Council and Planning
Department leadership to remove the fee so that we can protect our
neighborhood. Thank you again for your consideration and thank you for
your leadership.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members, I'd like to repeat some
comments that I made at a couple of meetings of the Finance Committee.
The first set of comments refers to pages that I believe need to be corrected
in the budget documents that I believe Staff has acknowledged at those
meetings need corrections. The Operating Budget for refuse—the reference
for that is under my comments at packet Page 766—refers to the new
processing facility for food scraps and composting as a local facility, when in
fact it's not a local facility. It's a nearby facility. Second, at packet Page
782 under the CIP Budget, the anaerobic digester is referred to in one place
as being $75 million and on another page as being $57 million. Staff
acknowledged that the correct number should be $75 million in both places.
Finally on the corrections under each of the CIP programs, there is a funding
sources schedule and an expenditure schedule. These schedules do not
appear to match the narrative when there are expenditures beyond the five-
year CIP. There is a column for the total for the five-year CIP. Then there's
a column for beyond the five year CIP, and a total of both. It seems to me
                                                                         Page 25 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
