                            MINUTES
neighborhood.     The presence of a Mediterranean-style home in the
neighborhood weakened the argument that the proposed home conflicted
with the prevailing style of the neighborhood. The City did not review style
per se. The proposed home met the requirements of the Code.

Council Member Berman noted a second house across the street from the
proposed home was a different style from the neighborhood. The proposed
home met the Code requirements.

Council Member Wolbach felt the key issue was livability; whether neighbors
would have diminished enjoyment and use of their property. The additional
setback for the second-story was an effort to address privacy concerns. The
design and placement of windows on the second story precluded the owners
from viewing their own backyard. Yet, neighbors criticized that wall for not
containing design elements. The Applicant had seemingly attempted to
respect the neighborhood and neighbors.         Compatible did not mean
identical; respecting the context did not mean homogenous. A home was a
personal expression of the owner. Whether the proposed home met the
Guidelines was a gray area. Within a gray area, he would support personal
property rights and personal expression with respect to a home.

Council Member Kniss explained that style was difficult to assess and was a
personal opinion. She sympathized with the Appellant's feelings.

Mayor Holman agreed the revised design was better. The issue was not
style, but compatibility and neighborhood pattern. She inquired whether
Staff worked with the Applicant to reduce height by moving square footage
to the ground floor. If square footage was moved from the second story to
the first, setbacks would be less.

Ms. French indicated the Applicant submitted a new design after talking with
neighbors. Moving square footage to the ground floor was a means of
mitigating second-floor mass, but not one chosen by the Applicant in this
project.

Mayor Holman questioned whether the Appellant was requesting that
revision.

Ms. French did not notice that request in reviewing emails between the
parties.

Mayor Holman noted homes located in the flood plain were difficult to
design. She inquired whether materials changed a short distance above the
ground. A feature was needed to break up the taller wall of houses located
in the flood plain.

02/17/2015                                                            117- 12
