                          TRANSCRIPT
vetted by building industry people who said, "Most people in Palo Alto want
to build a basement where they're allowed to." What effect does that have
on their ability to do so? I assume we're not making it difficult to build a
basement.

Ms. Jacobsen: No, we're not. The reduction in cement use is one of the
proposed elective measures. If it makes sense for the design team, they
can choose that from a list of options based on the scope of the project. If it
makes sense to go for this particular elective, then the design team can do
so and move forward with the design using this as a guideline.

Council Member Scharff: What's stuff like fly ash and slag and silica fume
and rice hull ash?

Ms. Jacobsen: Those are byproducts of different industrial processes that
typically go to the landfill. These items can be reused within concrete,
cement to minimize the other aggregate that gets added.

Council Member Scharff: They replace the sand is what you're suggesting?

Ms. Jacobsen: Yes. It goes in part of the mix design.

Council Member Burt: If I recall correctly, the first three materials are
industrial wastes, and the fourth one is an agricultural waste. It's a pretty
progressive utilization of waste material to replace the cement.

Council Member Scharff: You have a menu of options, the question becomes
if you can't reduce your cement by 25 percent, do you know if you then use
the fly ash or slag or silica fume, stuff like that? Do those have the same
properties of regular cement for water tightness and for a basement and all
of that? Is it just a cost issue? Is it more expensive to use fly ash and that
kind of stuff? What's the issue?

Ms. Jacobsen: Over the last ten years or so, this has become much more
popular in designing construction. Some teams might not choose this option
because the cure time is typically a little bit longer. It takes longer for it to
dry. Some teams would go against using it for that particular reason, if
they're on a timeline. Some structural engineers will tell you that this is
standard practice, and they'll use it. Other say they prefer the conventional
methods. There's a range of options. That's why we've elected to make it
an elective and not a mandate.

Council Member Scharff: This is a broad question. The Ordinance is really
complicated. There's no way I, as a City Council Member, can understand
it's unintended consequences. Obviously I like the intended consequences,

04/20/2015                                                               117- 337
