                          TRANSCRIPT
railroad which connects to that. Yesterday we gave people a choice of three
routes, each of which showed off some street designs and quiet streets that
Palo Altans could go along. On this day, we also had three treat stops along
each of the three routes. That made nine treat stops in the City. At two of
these, we had blender bikes, so that people could climb up, pedal away, and
make their own smoothies. Yesterday, we also initiated a green pilot
program, the frequent rider card which was given to each participant in Bike
Palo Alto. Its purpose is to encourage people to go places they want to go,
that they usually go which are local and where they can go by bicycle
instead of using their car. By biking to a "merchant sponsor" and making a
purchase, the cyclists will get an initial on one of ten spaces on the frequent
rider card. When the tenth is filled, the cyclist will get a prize. We have 18
merchant sponsors who are backing this card, and they include two grocery
stores, two hardware stores, coffee houses and—this is why I said "merchant
sponsors"—all the Palo Alto libraries where you do not have to make a
purchase. We are truly hoping to make this a beginning for a green cycling
community celebration year round. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. One more Oral Communications speaker who is
David Coale.

David Coale: Thank you, Mayor and City Council. I just wanted to piggy
back on Joan's comments about Bike Palo Alto with a few numbers. With all
the participants in the program, we pedaled 4,600 miles yesterday, saved
more than 2 tons of CO2, saved probably 1,947 parking spaces and maybe
1,000 extra trips in terms of reducing congestion. As Joan was mentioning,
we are piloting the frequent rider card, and we have rider cards for the
Council. These are not necessarily free, because we expect you to ride to
nine other places. I've given you one mark on the card already. The other
thing I really wanted to thank you for was the City support in this program.
Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Thank you, David.

Minutes Approval

4.    April 13, 2015, April 14, 2015, April 20, 2015, and April 27, 2015.
Mayor Holman: With that, we go to Minutes Approval. We have Minutes
from April 13, April 14, April 20 and April 27. Looking for a motion for
approval of the Minutes.

Council Member Wolbach: So moved.



                                                                        Page 27 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
