                          TRANSCRIPT
if you would, or applied ordinances.       We looked at it with the idea of—
through the Palo Alto lens, if you will.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: First a couple of clarifying questions. Is it your intent
to have all of the characteristics that we were describing for California
Avenue carry over to Cambridge, in the expanded area? I can give you an
example. Personal services, limitations on personal services or formula
retail on California Avenue. Is it your intent that those would apply to
Cambridge?

Mr. Lait: No.

Council Member Burt:      Cambridge would allow personal services without
limitations?

Mr. Lait: Correct.

Council Member Burt:      The formula retailers could also go there without
restriction?

Mr. Lait: Correct.

Council Member Burt: I just want to clarify. There seemed to be some
ambiguity as to whether we're trying to rid ourselves of formula retail.
That's not the intention. It's to prevent formula retail from overwhelming
California Avenue, to have a right balance between formula and local retail.
I think that others can confirm that. I just wanted to make sure that that's
well understood. I did want to talk about this issue of the back portion of
retail, whatever portion that may be. We don't want to require deep retail
where it's not needed or where it would not be valued. I have a comparable
or an equal concern that we are hollowing out our retail in many
circumstances. The new building—I think it's 250 Cal. Ave.—that has a large
storefront; it's still vacant after six or nine months. Only the front, at most
40 percent, of that building is retail. Historically it was retail service all the
way back to the alley. We didn't have anything that prevented that from
occurring. Then most retail businesses have storage and office space that is
serving their business. What we've seen Downtown, we used to have
basements that served those functions. They're being converted to Class A
office in some circumstances. I think that's a real problem because the
effective retail space is being shrunk as a result. I think we need to consider
that. That's the same thing here. I want to make sure that in—if we look at
                                                                          Page 47 of 133
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/21/15
