                          TRANSCRIPT
for CalARP chemicals after those incidents. No, they were not in violation of
any rules at that time.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just some questions on the amortization periods.
People mentioned that the ordinance dates—the amortization period starts
with the date of the ordinance. Secondly, they said that there is a list of
reasons for extension for specific businesses in our Code or somewhere. Do
you have any response to that?

Ms. Stump: When the amortization period starts is one of those areas
where the City's lawyers and the company's lawyers have a stated
disagreement. That is an area that could be subject to litigation. We won't
fully explore it here.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It's not written in our Code anywhere?

Ms. Stump: To amortize a business, you would need to adopt an ordinance
that established the amortization schedule. We have proposed to recognize
a study from 2011 that supports amortization of the value of those assets
finishing in 2026. CPI has disagreed with that as unfair on the grounds that
our existing general code provides for 15 years from adoption of the
ordinance, which is a longer period of time.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have a couple of questions for—actually I have
one question for Doug Daugherty and questions for CPI, if you could come
up. In the Ramboll report, you said you found instances where CPI was
conservative and reported stored materials as toxic that didn't actually meet
that definition. Can you just explain what you mean by that?

Mr. Daugherty: Sure. I think one framework to put with the Hazardous
Material Business Plan reporting is it is self-reported information. A facility
like CPI in the past has taken a very conservative tack on how it categorizes
certain materials it has onsite. Essentially it's a form that you fill in what the
material is and then you check whether it's toxic ...

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk) they consider toxic that wasn't on the
list essentially?

Mr. Daugherty: I think conservatively there is materials they handle that
has hazardous material waste onsite that gets shipped off under other
California regulations and check the box marked toxic or highly toxic for
those. In reality, there is a specific definition in the Fire Code of what's toxic


                                                                              Page 67 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
