                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: First question. Is there anything in the Staff
recommendation that doesn't address your issues? What exactly do you
need direction that's not in the Staff recommendation?

Mr. Keene: What is in the Staff recommendation are some assumptions
responding to the original motion, but then things have sort of shifted a little
bit since then, so there's some missing components. I think our perspective
is that we are charged with keeping alive the opportunity to respond to
Google on their potential to provide service when they proceed with their
sort of formal announcement and request. At the same time, the option that
Bob Harrington was talking about, I think, is a clarification or a refinement
from the Council motion. If we want to proceed on that which, I think, we
think has value, we need to get some specific directive. One, on these
immediate conversations with Google to clarify the potential to run fiber
essentially concurrently with Google as they deploy with a goal, as I
understand it, of us actually providing 100 percent or ubiquitous access and
coverage in the City. We can get into that more detailed, but I think unless
we're off base that's the main focus of where the Staff's thinking is right
now.

Council Member Scharff: What I heard you to say ...

Mr. Keene: If you were to just say—one other thing. If we were to say let's
just forget Google and proceed with a City utility, that would be going
further than the Council had already directed us and the potential that we
need to own up to the fact that we're letting go of other options we'd want
to get really clear from the Council.

Council Member Scharff:    If we went ahead and went with the Staff
recommendation, which would be to prioritize getting the agreements done
with Google, making that happen. You'd be concurrently working on that
and the Staff motion. The only clarification then you'd need is that we want
you to go ahead and work with Google to pull the fiber at the same time?
(crosstalk)

Mr. Keene: Restate it this way. The concept that CAC Members were
addressing, as best that I can understand it, is Google is saying that they're
interested in coming here. We have all signals to say that they are coming.
They won't probably provide 100 percent coverage. We've gotten estimates
of 80 to 85 percent. Their recommendation is we need to reach an
agreement with Google as quickly as possible to be able to lay—to have
them help lay dark fiber essentially, ultimately to 100 percent of the City.
We can get into that in more detail.            They've got some different


                                                                            Page 94 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
