                              MINUTES
Council Member Kniss suggested the Council discuss Healthy City/Healthy
Community after Council Members returned from a conference where
information would be plentiful.

Mayor Holman concurred. She requested Motions to refer items to the Policy
and Services Committee or to the Committee of the Whole.

Council Member Wolbach suggested forming an ad hoc Committee to
propose projects for Healthy City/Healthy Community.

Mayor Holman requested Motions on how to affect outcomes.

Council Member DuBois indicated three Motions were voted on under
Procedures and Protocols.

Mayor Holman asked Council Member DuBois to list the three items.

Mr. Keene responded telephone guidelines for Closed Sessions, procedures
for Consent Calendar items, and clarification of the role of the City Manager,
Staff, Mayor, and Vice Mayor in setting of Agendas.

Council Member Kniss clarified those items mentioned were to be referred to
the Policy & Services Committee. A decision was not presently being made.

Mayor Holman stated yes, those items were referred to the Policy and
Services Committee.

Council Member Wolbach clarified the first item as telephone participation for
either Closed or Open Sessions.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Burt to refer
everything submitted by Council Members and the public under Procedures
and Protocols to the Policy and Services Committee. The Policy and Services
Committee would evaluate and make recommendations of those items to the
Committee of the Whole or the Council. Three items voted on at the
Retreat; 1) telephone participation guidelines for Closed or Open Sessions,
2) procedures for Consent Calendar items, and 3) clarification of the role of
the City Manager, Staff, Mayor, and Vice Mayor in setting of Agendas), plus
those items submitted prior to this meeting by the City Manager be referred
to Policy and Services Committee, review of any other public submission
with the caveat that those items which were determinant would be handled
by the Policy and Services Committee, those that would generate full Council
consideration would go to the Committee of the Whole or Council for
deliberation and determination.

Council Member Burt asked who would decide which items returned to the
Committee of the Whole.

02/17/2015                                                            116- 493
