                          TRANSCRIPT
flow, and you'll have less problems with people parking in the
neighborhoods, because there will be easy and convenient guest parking
that people can use. This is the right approach to do this.

Council Member Burt: I agree with the motion. I had two other possible
ones. I don't want to add contentious amendments. If they're non-
contentious, it would be expeditious.       If they are, I'll peel them off
separately. The first is a condition of approval that there be an improved
sight line from the corner of Grant and Park.

Council Member Scharff: Why don't we peel that off. I might support it.

Mayor Holman: It's Council Member Wolbach's motion.

Council Member Wolbach: I was going to say the same thing. Let's do them
all separately.

Council Member Burt: It would be expeditious. If it's not acceptable, that's
fine. The other one is consideration of the reduced daylight impact.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll probably support it, but we should do them as
separate motions.

Council Member Burt: All right, I'll hold off.

Council Member Filseth: This is a reasonable way to go. There will be a
parking impact on the neighborhoods. People in this building will park there.
I've heard the argument that it's a long way away, people won't park in the
neighborhoods. The experience in the Downtown neighborhood is that
people will walk a long way. It is under-parked. The member of the public
who spoke to the argument about the six parking spaces and the break
room is accurate. It underscores the need to hurry up and get the Parking
Permit Program in place, not only in Downtown but in the California Avenue
are as well.

Ms. Silver: Just as a clarification. You need to approve the Record of Land
Use that incorporates the Architectural Review and the context-based
findings which is essentially the rest of the project other than the DEEs. In
order to attach this supplemental conditional of approval, you might want to
incorporate the main motion which is approval of the Record of Land Use
Action.

Council Member Scharff: That's on page what? What is that?

Council Member Wolbach: She's right.

                                                                      Page 97 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
