                         TRANSCRIPT
that's being critical. I don't know the answer to this; maybe people like
Mary would. I could argue that as important or more important than talking
to direct reports, I would expect you should get some bad reviews from me
over every couple of years from some of my direct reports or else I'm not
doing the job that I should be doing in some of those cases.

Council Member Kniss: They should get upset with you from time to time.

Mr. Keene: They should be upset from time to time. How is it that the
Council could get a better understanding of our roles and our work? It
would be much more valuable. This can't work, because I don't know how
you could actually do it without also affecting the outcome. If the Council
could really see how we do our job, when we're not in a Council meeting,
that could be much more valuable than somebody filling out a form and
giving it back.

Chair Burt: For the Council, often the dialog that we have and the feedback
and probably in particular from you gives a understanding and perspective
that we often as a whole didn't necessarily have going into the review
process. More often, we get it at the end. We go, "If we had known that at
the beginning, we might have thought differently about this whole process."
That's one thing that—it's one of the benefits of the midyear. We don't go
into the midyear having had our discussion and ready to hand you a piece of
paper reflecting all this input and then begin a dialog. We just sit down and
have a dialog. I think that helps. The new Council Members came in this
year, and they were part of the midyear. It was like first day on the job
virtually. What I'm hearing from you emphasizes maybe there's some other
tool, but certainly a high value in that midyear check-in. It begs the
question of, when we do the yearend, is there some value in a dialog at the
beginning of that. I don't know. We haven't ever done that.

Council Member Kniss: Before we even get to evaluations.

Chair Burt: This conversation has made me think about that. I think about
year after year where we go through all this hand wringing and different
discussions. At the end after we informed, we have a little Rosanna Rosanna
Danna of never mind, we didn't realize that. I don't know. We may want to
think through that and whether there's some additional value. Maybe it is
done well enough in the midyear. Maybe we start this thing with some
check-in dialog and then begin the process. We've never done it that way.
It just came to mind.

Council Member Kniss: What do you two think, Mary and Deb?


                                                                                   Page 32 of 39
                                           Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                            Transcript: 12/16/15
