                          TRANSCRIPT
opposition are young people who are starting families. That's something
that I'm sympathetic to. I did a new count based on the new numbers, and
it seems like 70 percent of the homes on Amarillo are in support, 60 percent
of the homes on Greer are in support, 69 1/2 percent in total are in support.
Obviously 70/30, that's a strong majority, but this is a really, really serious
issue. The neighborhood's deciding to put restrictions on people's homes so
that they can't build second stories, which means that if they do want to
expand, they're going to minimize the amount of open space they have. For
the lots on Amarillo and Greer, those are predominantly smaller lots. I
understand that a lot of the lots within the circles are much bigger, so that's
not that big of an impact. For a 6,000-square-foot lot, that does have an
impact. I just hope that everybody in the neighborhoods understands it's 70
percent and we have our rules. I think I'm going to end up voting to
support it. I'm not happy about doing that, because this really is an
unfortunate, I think, result for a lot of people. I just struggle with that
decision. This isn't something that we should take lightly. I absolutely think
that we need to look at the rules for undoing it. Obviously, those don't
make sense with the way they're currently written. There's this concern that
X many lots—by my count it's 12 lots. If we were to exempt Greer and
Amarillo, 12 lots would possibly have two-story homes in their backyards.
By my count, six of those twelve lots are against the single-story overlay
anyhow. Really, only six lots would be impacted. Frankly, those are all—
they seem to be quite large lots that, I'm sure, some shrubbery along the
border could minimize any impact that a two-story house would have. I just
hope that—I trust that this was a decision that wasn't taken lightly. This is
only the second one that this Council has faced. We had zero people come
and speak to us in opposition to that first one.           I hope the whole
neighborhood kind of realizes tonight that there are a lot of folks who have
invested a lot of money in their home and their future who are now going to
be in a place that they weren't expecting and they don't support. The
supermajority rules, and we have this ordinance in place. I just hope that
folks realize that while some folks are going to be very happy tonight, a lot
of folks are going to be pretty bummed out.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just briefly on a procedural point here. There was
some dialog that maybe some of the kinds of houses and owners shouldn't
be counted in the poll. There was some dialog that maybe people with an
existing two-story house shouldn't be counted. There was very briefly the
idea that possibly absentee owners shouldn't be counted either or something
or like that. I don't think either of those is right. The ordinance says that all
homeowners get to vote on this. I think that's the right thing to do.
Thanks.
                                                                            Page 129 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
