                          TRASNCRIPT
the tracks," and situations like that. Dead-end streets that could instead be
used as additional public space, whether it's a park or some other public use.
I think that to do that—I remember when we were looking at places to
locate solar panels on City-owned land, and the Utilities Department said we
have no other land to do this on. I'm going, "You're kidding me. You're
looking at a different Google map from me." People get in their mindset and
just whatever is the status quo is what they think can't be changed. They
don't step away from it. I think engaging the community on asking where
they perceive not only the need but opportunities of asking, "What is that
plot of land over there that nobody uses?"           I think we'll find some
opportunities. They won't be a total solution, but they'll be valuable ones at
$10 million an acre. Thanks.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks very much for the presentation. I want
to echo a lot of the things that have been said by my colleagues. One where
I disagree actually with Council Member Burt, I actually do like the priority of
balance in context, in recognizing that we don't want to sacrifice our natural
open space. I definitely agree that I think we could add "natural" to "open
space" and clarify that. We have a mix of open space. We have recreation
space. We have open parks. We have hopefully even more natural habitat
in our more urban parks and also recreation facilities. I think it's important
to say that going forward we're not going to drop any of them. For me,
that's what balance says, but I'm open to further discussion with my
colleagues about that. I do think there's some way of continuing to
emphasize that all of these are priorities. We've had all of them in the past,
and we're going to continue to encourage all of them in the future is
important. I'll add my voice to those calling for restrooms in all of our parks
that are not pocket-sized. I think that especially in any park where people
are expecting to take kids or somebody who has medical conditions or who
is older and needs to have quick access to a restroom, I think that's very
important. We've all seen an uptick in—I know that one of the concerns
with adding restroom facilities to our public spaces is that that may attract
people who don't have other access to a restroom facility. Judging by what
we've seen in the community frankly, if they don't have access, they're
going to do their business somewhere. I'd rather they be doing it in a
proper restroom facility than in public, which is what we've been seeing. I
think that, on balance, having restrooms for everybody is a net benefit. It's
just good public health policy. A couple of things also that I want to
mention. What are we looking at for increasing the number of off-leash dog
areas? Any news, thoughts? I'm not a dog owner myself, but I love pups.

Mr. de Geus: We've got a new dog owner right here. That was a theme
that came across in a lot of the different forums we had with the community.
More opportunity for off-leash dog areas and actually balanced across the
                                                                         Page 24 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
