                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I want to add one as well, which would be mixed-
use projects including retail. Retail's great.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, do you accept that?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible).

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Mixed use projects including retail.”

Council Member Burt: I'm good with those. The only other thing that is
troubling me is I don't know what this intensity of use is intending. Are we
saying that no matter where they are in the City, a project with more
intense use is bad.

Council Member Scharff: I would take it out, if you want to make that.

Council Member Burt: Alternately, I was thinking about this. There is
something appropriate about this topic. What I was thinking is "intensity of
use in the context of underlying zoning and its surroundings." If that's
acceptable as an amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, do you accept that?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part A, “their intensity of use”
with “intensity of use in the context of underlying zoning and its
surroundings.”

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can interject. I have a feeling that when
that came up originally, it was about the employment density. That issue
that we've talked about a lot. The suggestion was that you would give
higher preference to an office use that was not going to cram more
employees in there than would be the average. That's my guess.

Council Member Burt: That would be a reasonable consideration, but I don't
know how this process would enforce that. That's outside of this, whether
it's a business license tax or some other way that we would address it. I
don't know if there was a way that we would control intensity of use. You're
right, Hillary. Now that I think about it, that may have been the intention.
If there was some way to control intensity of use, then that might be
something that we would favor. Did Staff have an idea about how that
would be done?

                                                                     Page 80 of 145
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/15/15
