                         TRANSCRIPT
I think even under electrification we need to get it done. These projects are
very, very expensive. I think the State has a role to play in helping to pay
for these. I will continue to advocate for that in my role. Let me stop there
and take questions in the time you have.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. It's a lot of work that you've been
up to. We much appreciate your efforts on our behalf. Council Members?
Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Assembly Member Gordon, thanks for your work
keeping the contact between the State and the local communities. I think
your comments and the 13 items we have here show the range of issues
that are critical for local governments that you've been working on. If I had
to just pick out one issue of importance, I guess I'd have to say it was
disappointment in the Prop 13 reform.            We in local government are
especially sensitive that between 1979 and today we have seen in our
community the share of property tax paid by commercial properties drop
from 50 percent to 25 percent. It's dropping 1 percent per year over the
last six or seven years. Property tax remains the most important tax for
local government, most important tax for school districts, most important
tax at the county level. It's the life blood of local government. Hoping that
you can keep that in mind.

Mr. Gordon: Thank you for the comment, Council Member. Let me just say
that I am in full support of reform of Prop 13. There were many mistakes
that we made in adopting that. We transferred an awful lot of power to the
State government out of the hands of particularly school districts and city
councils. We set up a system that commercial and business properties
relative to residential is differential. We've also created a dynamic that, I
think, will come to haunt us at some point. That is the disparity in what
individuals in a neighborhood are paying for property tax. I'm fortunate to
buy a home in 1985. A young family moved in next door to us last month.
They're paying almost 15 times more in property tax than we pay. They
don't take 15 times more services from the government. That disparity is
also, I think, going to haunt us at some future point in our communities. We
need reform. I'm a strong advocate of that and work with my colleagues to
try to see what we can do in that regard.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to    thank you for
your work on helping us on Senate Bill 350 and getting          the Palo Alto
provision. We're already at 50 percent; we don't want to be     punished in a
wet hydro year. I know that was really of significance to us.    I just wanted

                                                                         Page 9 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
