                          TRANSCRIPT
Caltrain, I think 700 million of that is for these other projects. Again, I think
as a City we should advocate for certain percentages of the sales tax to be
allocated to categories. I think grade seps needs to be its own, not just part
of the Caltrain amount. If there was something like 1 1/2 billion, 700 million
for all of these improvements, 800 for grade seps, we have four of nine
crossings, so that's about $400 million.           That's pretty close to the
percentage of sales tax we generate, 420 million. As the City Manager said,
if we could leverage that, that would pay for the trenching option, and so
we're kind of there. I think we need to really advocate for that pretty clearly
in terms of what we want. I just want to point out to Staff, on page 21
there's a comment that the roadway submersion is much less than the
trench, and that's what we'd most likely get allocated. It really compares
one roadway submersion to the trench, which was comparing 184 million to
488 million. Really, if you look at the two roadway submersions, it's 327
million versus 480 million. If you update the property costs that we'd have
to seize and you think about the political cost of seizing those homes plus
lawsuits, I think you get pretty close. We should be really careful about
these kind of numbers, because that's not the right comparison. Those are
my comments.

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other lights at this moment. If we have no
other questions or comments, we'd entertain a motion for direction to Staff.
No one's eager to do that it seems. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I actually thought Council Member DuBois made a
good point, that we need to clearly advocate for grade separations in this
money. I don't know how far we'll get for it, but I definitely think we should
advocate for it. I think we should advocate for that 1 1/2 billion. I also
think that Staff should come back to us as soon as there's a clear sense of
what the funding measure looks like it's shaping up for. If you think it's in
the spring and check in with us, then we should see what we want to do. I
guess I also wanted to ask Staff if that's what we want to do, if we want to
advocate strongly to put 1 1/2 billion towards Caltrain, include money for
grade separations in that, I mean just a broad direction to Staff to go do
that and then come back to us as soon as the measure starts shaping up
and check in with us, is that sort of the right direction? Does that make
sense or am I missing stuff that should be in there?

Mr. Mello: I would just say based on the current discussion that's occurring,
we would need a little clarity on specifically what improvements to Caltrain
you would like to be included in that. Grade separation is one component of
Caltrain improvements. There's also new rolling stock, signalization, station
improvements. Currently it looks like some of that stuff might be combined.
I would like a little more direction as to ...
                                                                           Page 55 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
