                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I imagine that there are things that we could do if we wanted to
focus in on that intersection or that node. That was not contemplated as a
part of this effort.

Mayor Holman: Understood that it wasn't, but I was just wondering if we
could do that. I just feel like—Jessica's still here—the bubble tea place has
gotten a whole lot of mention tonight. I just want to say European Cobblery,
European Cobblery, European Cobblery. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt:           I actually count four restaurant or eating
establishments. You include Domino's that's there, and then up on the
corner at El Camino. It's a turnover right now, but it's been two restaurants
that haven't done very well, a burrito place most recently. I do think that
we want to be thoughtful in making sure that our wishes are not going to
create unsuccessful retail. We don't want retail and services to have to
compete with today's office rates and get driven out. That's really what has
been a big concern. We have Class B office in the California Avenue area
now going, when it turns over, for $5 a square foot. Small retail service
folks who have been there a long time can't compete. I think we want to
look at what we're trying to solve or what problems we're trying to prevent
that we're seeing that are in the process of occurring and make sure we do
that. I don't disagree that more restaurants would give greater vitality to
Cambridge, but we have a parking problem down there. I don't know that
we have good data on what portion of patrons arrive there by car. Certainly
at lunch time the parking lots overflow and go even more into the
neighborhoods. It's presumably to a good extent folks driving down from
the Research Park, but others come there as well for lunch because they
have a favorite establishment. A lot of the places, people walk to and you
see them pour out of offices on—sorry, we do have that. I'm just seeing
this—interesting. I'm not sure what time of day too on that one. That'd be
interesting. I'm seeing the table on Page 3 of the supplement that did
break this down some. In any event, I don't think that we presently have
knowledge that we have adequate parking to expand the retail on
Cambridge, but I think that a lot of the service would potentially be at or
less parking demand than if they were occupied by kind of start-up offices. I
think in general we're on the right track tonight. I want to make sure that
we're not over-expanding. I like the fact, frankly, that this becomes the
transitional retail and retail service area for that greater region. Those that
need great foot traffic, they're going to be on Cal. Ave. Cal. Ave.'s foot
traffic just keeps going up and up. It's becoming a much more attractive
retail area.      Frankly, it's also Cambridge.         As we're seeing new
establishments opening, retail establishments opening on Cal. Ave., we'll
probably see some of the older establishments driven out. Like, we had a
florist shop that's now a pilot for what is basically Starbuck's new restaurant,
                                                                         Page 59 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
