                         TRANSCRIPT
housing as opposed to the commercial in that large area, which is the root
cause of the problem. Thank you very much.

Lydia Kou: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. The
Charleston-Arastradero complete street concept has good intentions. A lot
of the commenters today have given the good benefits of it. However, there
are also negative impacts. It has in its own way deteriorated quality of life
for many of its residents. It has also hindered egress and ingress into and
out of neighborhoods. Some of the commenters have actually said that they
are barricaded in their neighborhoods, and they're okay with it. There are
also a large majority of residents who are barricaded and not okay with it
and are all concerned of how emergency vehicles are going to access into
the neighborhood. The corridor bicycle, pedestrian plan has been ongoing
since pre-2003. To enable a study of aggregate impacts, a moratorium on
development into the corridor area was implemented. Therefore, the plan
does not live up to the current growth pattern and use given there has been
more developments on one end of Arastradero and also on the other end
which is Charleston such as VMware has greatly expanded in the last couple
of years, so has Tesla which has closed down one of their plants, I believe,
in Fremont and has transferred a lot of their employees to their Palo Alto
site. Then there is the Bowman School which will be expanding its campus,
and housing developments are being proposed for the Maybell Avenue site
which is on Clemo and also another property on Arastradero. This plan does
require further review. While there may be over 800 or so bicyclists using
the road and that is a really great feat, the consideration for other modes of
transportation needs and has to be considered equally.                 Another
consideration is emergency vehicles. I do urge you for a comprehensive
traffic analysis and study before you approve and move forward with this
project. Thank you.

Joe Hirsch: Thank you, Mayor Holman. It's hard to oppose a project like
this because everyone in the room is interested in more safety. I and others
who are opposed to this project and many others more would be here
tonight but think quite frankly that this project is wired. No matter what
they have said at the community meetings or what they might say here
tonight, they just absolutely have been beaten down and don't want to come
here and speak again. I've talked to them and that's what they've told me.
One issue I think you do need to consider is that there will be a project
coming forward on the Maybell property that will have a major impact on the
Clemo-Arastradero intersection. You have to take that into account with
whatever you decide. If you put a traffic light there, it will make Arastradero
Road even more of a parking lot, and the Arastradero-Charleston
intersection will be virtually brought to a standstill. Fundamentally it isn't
                                                                        Page 92 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
