                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman asked if Council Member DuBois was requesting Staff change
the methodology to use a list-based approach even if growth rates aligned
with historical figures, or requesting Staff review the methodology to ensure
it adequately accounted for developments cited.

Council Member DuBois responded the latter. He was specifically asking
about Park Boulevard, where there were several developments.

Ms. Gitelman inquired whether he was requesting an analysis of traffic
conditions on Park Boulevard or whether the projects had been adequately
included in the analysis.

Council Member DuBois answered that he wished for the projects to be
adequately included.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the Council had adopted an Ordinance that set
forth procedures for implementing a Residential Parking Permit (RPP)
Program. She questioned whether the Council could require that as a
Condition of Approval. She inquired whether Mr. Kawahara understood the
request for a modified approach to the economic analysis.

Mr. Kawahara understood a portion of the request, but needed time to think
through the request and perhaps ask clarifying questions.

Council Member DuBois requested Mr. Kawahara ask for clarification.

Mr. Kawahara indicated the request had potential ramifications for other
aspects of the analysis. He needed time to consider those ramifications
before asking questions.

Mayor Holman noted the time as 10:23 P.M., 1 1/2 hours past the time to
begin Agenda Item Number 7. In addition, discussion of a Closed Session
was on the Agenda. She recalled her previous statement that she would
allow public comment regarding Agenda Item Number 7 between 9:00 and
10:30. She did not believe the Council could conclude Agenda Item Number
6 in 10 minutes. She asked the City Attorney if she could table Agenda Item
Number 6 and allow public comment on Agenda Item Number 7.

Ms. Stump reported the Brown Act did not prevent the Mayor from holding
the item, moving to Agenda Item Number 7, and then returning to Agenda
Item Number 6. If colleagues disagreed with that procedure, they could
overrule the Mayor.

Mayor Holman estimated discussion of Agenda Item Number 6 would
continue to 11:00 P.M.

                                                                       Page 26 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
