                          TRANSCRIPT
Fred Kohler: Fred Kohler, 315 Homer Avenue. Phase 1 has identified the
employees who use residential parking, at least those who are willing to pay
for it. This is a major step forward; however, as people have mentioned, the
blocks in RPP closest to the Downtown core, roughly the inner half of the
RPP, have seen little to no relief in the parking situation. This is an issue not
just for the residents themselves but for visitors to the area and guests of
the residents.        The employees who have paid for RPP permits
understandably park on the blocks that are closest to the Downtown core.
Meanwhile, the outer blocks of the RPP have a significant amount of parking
availability, while the blocks just outside the RPP boundary are jammed with
employees who have not obtained permits. The zone schemes that are
proposed will be difficult to administer and enforce and complex for the
employees and the residents to easily understand and accept. No matter
how granular the zones are, the streets closest to the inner boundaries will
be overwhelmed by employee parking unless the number of employee
permits is set unrealistically low. As some other people have mentioned, I
suggest restricting employee parking to one side of each street in the RPP.
Although residents will use some of these spots during the day, almost half
of the RPP will be available for employee parking. With the expansion of the
RPP boundaries, there should be no problem accommodating demand. The
maximum 2,000 employee cars will be spread throughout the RPP District,
and it will leave one side of each block exclusively for visitors, guests and
even residents on streets adjacent to the Downtown core, who have not
seen any improvement yet. Having separate permit codes for employees
and residents such as "R" and "E" and marking the newly installed signage
with the valid permit code will be much easier to implement than a complex
zone system.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.           Next speaker is Eileen Skrabutenas,
followed by Brian Quo.

Eileen Skrabutenas: Hello, thank you. Eileen Skrabutenas. I live at 1044
Hamilton. I'm at the nexus of Chaucer and Hamilton. I would like to
request that, whatever your concentric zone recommendations are, you
absolutely must count on any nearby, adjacent street is going to be
impacted. I would encourage you to revisit the quarter and half-mile
walking distance boundaries. It has been evident to residents on our street
that the people who are parking just outside the RPP Zone to go into
Downtown are willing to walk almost any distance. If they're not willing to
walk, they open their trunks, pull out scooters and scoot their way to where
they work Downtown. Please take a moment to review your assumptions
about how much trouble people are willing to go to in order to get free
parking. It is incredible what they will do. Thank you.

                                                                         Page 40 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
