                             MINUTES
issue, and the Council should support transportation with more time and
more resources.

Council Member Wolbach was excited about improving the shuttle system.
Public transit should be a superior alternative to driving.      A good
transportation system needed good routes, good frequency, useful hours of
service, easy access to information, ease of payment, and good branding.
VTA did not view its role as removing cars from the road. The City would
have to change VTA's view or seek other partners. He prioritized riders in
the order of commuters, students, residents who were unable to drive, and
residents who preferred not to drive.

Council Member Scharff suggested Staff provide concrete methods to
accomplish the goals of alleviating parking issues, reducing congestion, and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. He requested more information about
NextBus, DoubleMap, and TransitScreen. Staff should propose concrete
transportation alternatives and revenue streams. The City's TMA should
work with smaller companies to reach an SOV goal of 40 percent. He asked
why the Embarcadero shuttle was not included in live tracking.

Ms. Gitelman explained it was a separate contract.

Council Member Scharff wanted Staff to provide concrete proposals to open
contracts in 2017. The Council needed sufficient information about mobility
as a service so it could provide Staff with direction.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether Staff planned to meet with Uber.

Ms. Gitelman would be happy to meet with other providers. Businesses had
subsidized Lyft to encourage employees' use.

Council Member DuBois asked if any cities or public agencies utilized Lyft.

Ms. Gitelman was not aware of any cities. In the New York area, businesses
funded a discount on Uber as a way to bring people to the businesses.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the $1 million committed to
shuttles could be used to explore ridesharing.

Ms. Gitelman reported much of the $1 million was utilized for parking
programs at Council direction. The Council could determine whether 2016
funds would be used for parking, shuttles, or other solutions.

Council Member DuBois found the Chariot service interesting. It leveraged
corporate commuter dollars, pretax dollars, to pay for vans on semi-custom
routes.

03/02/2015                                                              117- 30
