                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: My recollection—I stumbled on it as a teen—was on a
temporary construction site, plywood surrounding a site on or off University,
was Spiro Agnew. Maybe I'm wrong, but that was—I still remember it to
this day and didn't know who Greg Brown was or who did this, but I thought
it was pretty funny.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) thanks. I appreciate that. I didn't know.
I think that—Karen mentioned this too—that surprise kind of thing or the
feeling like you're in on it. You can say to somebody, "Look at that." They'll
say, "Oh, my God.         What happened to that guy?"       Before suddenly
somebody says, "It's just a painting." His were so realistic and so creative.
Whimsical, different, catches your eye, that kind of thing. I hope we will
continue on that path. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I think Elise can probably add to how Greg Brown's artwork
came to be.

Ms. DeMarzo: As I recall, they were supported by grant funds. Greg Brown
was essentially the first artist in residence for public art here in Palo Alto.
That was quite some time ago, and we were very fortunate ...

Council Member Kniss: If it was Spiro Agnew's time, it was quite some time
ago.

Ms. DeMarzo: So many of them have survived, and it's a terrible loss to us
that Greg is no longer with us.

Mayor Holman: Indeed. Council Member Scharff, you had an addition?

Council Member Scharff: I did. I was remiss on a couple of things I forgot
to mention. Greg Brown was actually one of them. It was in my thing
tonight. Are we protecting those Greg Brown murals? I mean, are we
taking legal protection so that people can't tear those buildings down and
not preserve the mural on a new building or that they have to maintain
them? Are we doing anything about that?

Ms. DeMarzo: So far the City has been maintaining them. For instance, the
piece that is on the side of Restoration Hardware, we did have Greg Brown
come several years ago and touch it up when it needed some help. There
have been some instances where we were alerted to the fact that there was
a plan to paint over them. So far we have been fortunate enough to talk to
the owners and talk them out of it.

Council Member Scharff: Do we need to pass any rules up here? Maybe we
should. I mean, I'd be really upset if someone painted over it. I would hate
                                                                        Page 14 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
