                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:       Their charter is not to like hit the target and
remove risk. It's ...

Mr. Perez: I think they're changing. That's part of the discussion they're
having, that they want to have a revisit. They've done a couple of things.
They're revisiting the aggressiveness of that. Second, they're also removing
some of the middle companies, I'll call them. They think they're going to
save about 1 percent on the rate of return by removing the middleman, I
guess they call it. The investment managers.

Council Member DuBois: The fees will ...

Mr. Perez: Those are the two strategies that we're hearing that they're
working on.

Council Member DuBois: Just so I got it right. If they exceed their target,
we still pay the normal contribution rate. Like in the dot-com years, they hit
22 1/2 percent. If they do that, we still are ...

Mr. Perez: They smooth it just like a loss would be, so it would be
smoothed. One of the things that we could do, let's say all of a sudden they
start having these fabulous rate of returns. Do exactly what PERS was
saying and do it ourselves, that we send some of the money to a third party
and put it there for volatility swings in the future for future payments. We
could do it ourselves. When Council Member Burt talked about in the early
2000s when we were super funded, meaning we were fully funding the
obligation, internally we charged ourselves like we were not. We charged
ourselves the rate of two years before that. With that, we built up about
$32 million for retiree medical, and that's how we seeded that. We've done
that in the past as an organization.

Council Member DuBois: How does Staff look at long-term interest rates, I
guess? It seems like the cost of money right now is historically low. Are
you guys thinking, I mean you mentioned Enterprise Funds. We also have
our investment portfolio. Are you thinking of leveraging that at kind of
today's rates with the assumption that interest rates will go up and returns
will go up?

Mr. Perez: We're looking at it very strongly, because our rate of returns are
a little bit better than what John assumed, because what he's talking about
is just about every neighbor that we have. Because we have the Enterprise
Funds and longer obligations, therefore, reserves set out longer, we can
invest a little bit longer. We're about a 1.9 rate of return right now. What
we've got to look at is if we can send it to a third party, and let's say even if
they earn 4, we're still ahead of the game. Right? It's a matter of the risk
                                                                          Page 24 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
