                         TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Council Members, please. What we have is we have an
amendment on the floor which was accepted by the maker and seconder,
Council Members Wolbach and DuBois. Then there's been an amendment
added to that or a change added to that that has not been accepted by the
maker and the seconder. Could I suggest this, that we hold the final
amendment that is offered here, the additional language of the VTA
prioritization, hold that. We need to address the amendment that was
accepted by the maker and seconder.

Council Member Burt: No, we don't need to address it. They've accepted it.
It's in the motion. There's no other discussion; it's in the motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, no.

Mayor Holman: There are additional comments like on it.

Council Member Wolbach: My amendment was not yet accepted, so we ...

Council Member Berman: It's still an amendment.

Council Member Wolbach: It's still an amendment, so we would need to
vote on that. I would actually support doing that.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Mayor Holman, you need to work backwards
from the most recent issue. You want to deal with the unaccepted, which is
the new amendment. Then you go back and deal with the original motion ...

Mayor Holman: You're right.

Ms. Stump: ... as amended by the ...

Mayor Holman:     You're right.   This is why we don't do these things at
midnight.

Council Member Burt: As I stated before, if this final framing part, if it's
contentious, I'm okay to defer it. It sounds like if the maker and the
seconder don't want to accept it, then that's contentious enough that I'll be
willing to withdraw it even though I think it should be there.

Mayor Holman: (inaudible) second it.

Council Member Burt: You did? I didn't hear that.

Mayor Holman: I would.
                                                                     Page 100 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
