                          TRANSCRIPT

percent mode share of bikes. We do not have that Citywide for Caltrain.
Yet, the bike investment which we're making our greatest investment since
the 1960s and '70s. We're in the period of a big investment. It has had a
very small investment to have that high of a mode share with an opportunity
to perhaps have a 50 or 100 percent increase in the coming years. I just
don't think that should be a second priority.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm like 90 percent of the way towards accepting
your friendly amendment. I'm just clarifying that my concern is that VTA
might say, "We're going to give you pennies for these other ones, because
they're much cheaper," and completely ignore the first one. That's my
concern.

Council Member Burt: We're going to have those battles to do. I just think
it's not wise and a correct allocation to give it both the overwhelming dollars
and say that the other things that are probably more cost effective, almost
certainly are, are second priorities. I'd advocate that by having it there, it
has de facto become the highest priority, but I don't want to make the
others subordinate to it.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd be open to accepting a friendly amendment,
but I want to hear from Tom first on that.

Council Member DuBois: If I can just throw in a quick comment?

Mayor Holman: You either need to accept it or not, and then Tom gets to
accept it or not.

Council Member Wolbach: All right. I'll accept the friendly amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you accept it as well?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Amendment, “in descending
order of priority.”

Council Member DuBois: I just want to make a quick comment. I do accept
it. A comment actually for Council Member Filseth as well. I guess the way
I'm viewing this is kind of staying in the game with the VTA process whether
we agree with it or not. We send these priorities as a placeholder. It's not
necessarily long-term. I still think part of the original amendment, that we
                                                                        Page 97 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
