                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Between 10 and 15 million an acre. At 10-15 million
an acre, let me think if I can do the math quickly. This sounds like it might
be an annual budget. I think that there has to be some reality in this as well
as hope. I don't think buying 20 acres of parkland over the period that this
is in place is realistic. I think we need to be far more realistic about the
parkland that we have. We have some terrific parkland. Very few cities
have 36 parks. Very few cities have Foothills. In fact, as you know it's not
open to other cities, so that makes it quite definitive. That has 1,400 acres.
Am I right? Fourteen hundred or 1,200, it's one of those two. That's a lot of
open space. We've very, very fortunate to have that. Those are the things I
want to call out. Tom, just to tell you, I'm still uncomfortable with telling
the CAC to talk about the policy to focus on planning and development of
Cubberley, especially since we hear that it's already underway. Jim, did you
speak to that earlier?

Mr. Keene: Yes, I did. Again, I'm worried that four months from now it
could be a little confusing as to why the only directive to the CAC was on
Cubberley. I'm just saying versus some way to call out Cubberley. I'm just
saying we may make a lot of progress concurrent with a decision that the
CAC is having. I'm not saying Cubberley isn't part of the core next five or
ten years planning concerns that we should have.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, do you have an amendment?

Council Member Kniss: Would you be open to taking it away from being a
direct focus from planning and development and to perhaps discuss the
future development of Cubberley Community Center?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. That change sounds fine. Again, we're
talking ten years. It's going to be a major effort. I just wanted to make
sure it was called out.

Council Member Kniss: I do think it will be, but I don't want the CAC to
think they've got to go off into their meetings and start to plan for
Cubberley.

Council Member DuBois: They don't. It's already in there. There's already
(crosstalk) in there. I just think it needs to be highlighted.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, could you provide the wording
please for your amendment.?

Council Member Kniss: To take away the focus, but that they should discuss
the development of Cubberley Community Center. Keep it very general at

                                                                       Page 69 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
