                    ACTION MINUTES
      a Program Cap of 3 Megawatts; and (3) Expand the CLEAN Program's
      Eligibility to Non-Solar Renewable Energy Resources with a Program
      Cap of 3 Megawatts at a Contract Price Equal to the Avoided Cost of
      the Non-Solar Energy Generated (9.3 ¢/kWh to 9.4 ¢/kWh)
      (Continued from May 18, 2015).”

MOTION:      Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to:

A.      Adopt a Resolution to make the following changes and amend the
        CLEAN Program Eligibility Rules and Regulations accordingly:
     i.      Add a 25-Year Contract Term Option in Addition to the CLEAN
             Program’s Existing 20-Year Contract Term Option; and
    ii.      Continue the program for solar at the cost of 16.5 ¢/kWh for 3
             MW as previously approved by the Council; and
   iii.      Expand the CLEAN Program to allow non-solar eligible renewable
             energy resources to participate, and offer such resources as
             contract price equal to their avoided cost of 9.3 cents per
             kilowatt-hour (¢/kWh) for a 20-year contract, and 9.4 ¢/kWh for
             a 25-year contract term, with a program limit of 3 MW; and
   iv.       Council will review a gradual reduction in the future rates of the
             CLEAN program; Staff will return to the Finance Committee with
             a recommended, graduated rate reduction plan for subsequent
             tranches; and
B.      To direct lease income on City owned garages from the CLEAN
        program to Utilities to offset costs of the program to electric rate
        payers.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Schmid to replace in the Motion Part A Subsections (ii) and (iii), “3 MW” with
“2 MW.”

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-4 Filseth, Holman, Scharff, Schmid yes, Kniss
absent

MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Filseth, Scharff no, Kniss absent

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to approve the amended CLEAN Program Power Purchase
Agreement (PPA) to implement the recommended changes to the CLEAN
Program and delegate authority to the City Manager to make any such
additional changes as are approved by the City Attorney’s Office, and are
otherwise necessary to implement any of the recommended changes
identified in this Staff Report that are approved by Council or are otherwise
necessary to implement Council’s action on this item.
                                                                            Page 3 of 4
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 5/27/15
