                            MINUTES
Doug Hagan, Library Advisory Commissioner, looked forward to all the
programs and activities that were not captured in the statistics. Libraries
were active in the community.

Bob Moss, Library Advisory Commission Vice Chair, indicated that the Library
had worked to change the perception that only books were available at the
Library. The Library was one of the first libraries in the state to offer
internet services.

Council Member Scharff felt the Mitchell Park Library had become a teen
center during the evening hours. He too had heard complaints about the
Library closing at 8:00 P.M. He planned to inquire about the costs and
usage of the Mitchell Park Library remaining open until 11:00 P.M. during
Budget hearings.

Ms. Ziesenhenne planned to have that information for the Budget hearing. A
pilot program could provide additional information.

Council Member Filseth noted Amazon and Netflix provide books and videos
much as the Library did. He inquired about the relationship between what
the Library did and what other players in that space did.

Ms. Chin asked if Council Member Filseth meant materials or devices.

Council Member Filseth inquired about the Library's existence in the
ecosystem with Amazon and Netflix.

Ms. Chin indicated the major difference was free electronic content through
the Library.

Ms. Ziesenhenne added that the Library paid vendors for electronic content.
Models for electronic content were very different based on the vendor.

Council Member Kniss requested comment on the Library's interaction with
the County of Santa Clara's (County) library system. The County's large
library system did interact with private libraries.

Ms. Ziesenhenne indicated Menlo Park Library was part of the Peninsula
Library System. It was an independent city library, but all members formed
a consortium to share resources. Within Santa Clara County, the County
library system and independent city libraries existed. The County library
system recently rescinded its fee for non-County residents to use its
libraries. The County library system requested participation in the regional
cooperative library system.



02/02/2015                                                             116- 432
