                          TRANSCRIPT
have a small lot. We have a 6,000 square feet lot. It's pretty small. We
also in the flood zone. If we want to have more living space, we have to
sacrifice our open spaces. I think it's not really a fair decision for the people
saying, "You cannot build the house you really like or your dream house,"
because of someone—I mean, we try to preserve some kind of character.
Talking about character, Amarillo is really a mixing architecture
neighborhood. There are like two-story houses across the street. There are
ranch house styles; there are Eichlers and other style houses. We are in the
character of a mixing architecture. As DanDan mentioned, it is more
important to me to be blended in the street in front of us rather than in the
back. That's my first point. I have a second point. Enforcing the SSO
rezone is violating the equal protection clause, because we are creating two
different classes residency of property rights. One class can build two-story
houses, and the other group cannot build. This is not really equal to the
property rights. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Cynthia Webber to be followed by Kurt Kuodt.
Again, we'll take no more cards. Thank you

Cynthia Webber: I don't have a PowerPoint presentation, but I do have two
things to consider. The first one is that as a supporter of keeping Amarillo
and Greer inside the rezoning I'd like you to consider two things. The first
one is have you seen a two-story home built in place of a one-story home
that actually had a smaller footprint than the first one-story home. You
don't see that, because everyone's dream home is much, much larger.
Taking more of the green space and the yard is not really—it's going to
happen anyway. The second thing I'd like you to consider is that the way I
really consider Amarillo and Green are like they're the outside of a lovely
book. That lovely book is the Eichler community. This is the cover of the
book. Don't rip off the cover or allow someone to rip holes in it. I think
Amarillo and Greer are a lovely edging around the Metro Circle and Moffett
Circle, Van Auken and all the circles. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Kurt Kuodt to be followed by Monica
Lynch.

Kurt Knodt: Hello, my name's Kurt Knodt. My wife and I purchased our
house in May 2010 on (inaudible) in Metro Circle. It's a small lot of 6,100
square feet. We live there with my son who's in high school. One of the
reasons we bought it was because we really wanted to have that Eichler
design. We live in the center circle where all the houses are one story.
Every so often, I go up and clean the leaves off the roof. I'm always
surprised that I can look into the neighbors' back—into their houses there.
There's really no privacy when you go up higher. I think that's the case for

                                                                            Page 118 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
