                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:     Thank you for coming.    Jerry Schwartz to be followed by
Judy Kleinberg.

Jerry Schwartz: I have a very unpopular point of view. I've said it before. I
like tall buildings. The only solution to the housing in Palo Alto is to build
multifamily, large buildings. As somebody earlier just said, if you allow it,
the developers will build it. There was a proposal for a ten-story building
recently that I liked. The only problem with it was it was offices, not
housing. I would have said, "You can have your ten floors of offices, if you
add ten floors of residences, apartments, condos, whatever." Of course,
that would have been a total of 20. I understand that's a non-starter, but I
just want to put that on the table.

Mayor Holman: Judy Kleinberg, former Mayor Judy Kleinberg, to be followed
by Pat Saffir.

Judy Kleinberg: Good evening, Mayor Holman and City Council. I'm here as
the CEO of the Chamber of Commerce. I have lovely written notes and I'm
not going to read them, because everybody has said just about everything I
would have said. Rather, I'm going to emphasize a couple of things. One is
what is vision. It is to look into the future. You're not planning for next
you; you're planning for a decade from now and beyond. Please think that
way. Analyze what the future could be like, and plan for it with creative
policies and incentives that encourage the kind of housing and transit and
parking and schools and parks that you know will attract and retain the kind
of people that give Palo Alto its incredible residents and employees. I
encourage you to analyze millennials. What kind of housing do they want?
Do they all want Eichlers with a big backyard or do they want a variety of
kinds of housing that would be in multiuse buildings and that would include
condominiums and shared housing? Do they all have family? No. There's a
lot of people that live alone or would live with a partner or a roommate.
What about seniors and the aging baby boomers and the already retired
seniors? Where are they going to live? We have a vicious cycle which
others have referred to, which is that seniors can't leave their homes and go
down into something that's smaller because it's all too expensive, so they
stay in their homes. That means the supply is smaller. That means the
price then goes up. It's a vicious cycle and not a healthy one. Those are
two things that I hope you will do. Again, thinking way into the future,
study what millennials do, how do they work, where do they live, how do
they want to live, what is happening to seniors, are we going to lose our
seniors or they're just going to stay where they are and the housing prices,
because there's no supply, will stay high. Finally, I just want to make this a
little bit personal, so I'm not speaking as a Chamber executive right now. I
think some of you know that I have children that live in Singapore, an
                                                                       Page 48 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
